dil se
open
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Creating
lasting value

Inside
this report
Chairman's statement
One Axis in action
Marketing initiatives
Reporting context
04 About the report
Welcome to Axis Bank
About Axis Bank
12 Integrated business lines
Chairman's statement
Strategic pillars
Advancing our ESG agenda
22. Presence
Milestones
Ownership structure
28. Operating landscape
30. Marketing initiatives
40 Board of directors
Senior management team
Value creation by the Bank
44 Value creation model
48. Stakeholder engagement
54. Materiality assessment
Business performance review
64 MD & CEO s statement
70. External environment
Strategy and resource allocation
78 Key performance indicators
82 Message from the management -

Retail banking
86 Business segment performance -

Retail banking
Message from the management -

Wholesale banking
98 Business segment performance -

Wholesale banking
104. One Axis in action
110 Message from the management -
Operations and transformation
dil se open -
Creating lasting value
116. For customers

116 Banking beyond transactions

122 Banking in the digital-first era

126. Bharat banking
130. For employees
142. For investors
148. For communities
160. For partners - Government
164 For the environment
Governance
178. Corporate governance
186. Risk management
194 Cyber security and data privacy
198 Thought leadership and

policy advocacy
202 Interplay of capitals
204 Awards & recognitions

External environment
Banking in the
digital-first era
Cyber security and
data privacy
Statutory reports

208 Board s report
243 Management s discussion

and analysis
288. Corporate governance
340 Business responsibility and

sustainability report
Financial statements
341 Independent auditor s report -
Standalone financial statements
348 Standalone financial statements
449 Independent auditor s report -
Consolidated financial statements
460 Consolidated financial statements
517. Form AOC-1
519. Basel III disclosures
To know more about us,
explore axis.bank.in

Over the last 32 years, we have built enduring
relationships by combining financial expertise
with warmth, empathy, kindness and openness -
values that have been embodied in our brand s
unique philosophy, dil se open. As we look
towards the future, our aspirations are larger, our
opportunities greater, and the expectations of our
stakeholders higher than ever before. This has
inspired the evolution of our philosophy into dil se
open | The Next Chapter.
While rooted in the same values that have
guided us thus far, this next chapter introduces
a powerful new dimension: proactiveness. IT
reflects our commitment to not only respond
to customer needs, but to anticipate them; not
only serve customers, but also to enable them
to realise their aspirations.
Creating lasting value
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

For customers
For employees
For investors
For communities
For partners
For the environment

An integrated approach to value creation
A. B O U T T H E R E P O R T
Reporting principles and framework
This Integrated Annual Report has been
prepared in accordance with the International
Integrated Reporting Council <IR> Framework
and SEBI s guidelines on Integrated Reporting
and provides an accurate and balanced insight
into the Bank s financial and non-financial
performance, aligned with our strategic vision
and long-term value creation approach.
This report articulates the Bank s continued
commitment to integrating Environmental,
Social, and Governance (ESG) imperatives
into its core business operations. IT offers a
structured and in-depth account of the Bank s
strategic priorities, governance architecture,
risk management frameworks, and value
creation processes. Through comprehensive
and transparent disclosures, the Bank seeks
to inform stakeholders of its long-term
vision, operational integrity, and dedication to
sustainable and responsible growth, which is in
line with reporting guidelines and frameworks
including rules and amendments set out
by regulators.
Our third Integrated Annual Report for fiscal 2026
reflects our commitment to transparency, innovation and
value creation that is open to new possibilities, open to
customer aspirations and open to sustainable progress.
Integrated reporting

f Integrated Reporting Framework <IR> developed by
International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)

f SEBI Guidelines on Integrated Reporting
Sustainability reporting

f SEBI s Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting
(BRSR) framework

f Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards

f Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) framework

f United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
Statutory reports

f SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015

f Companies Act, 2013

f Guidelines issued by other regulators as applicable
Financial reporting

f The Banking Regulation Act, 1949

f Regulations, circulars, and guidelines issued by the Reserve
Bank of India (RBI)

f Accounting standards notified under Section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013

f Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, and Companies
(Accounting standards) Rules, 2021
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Materiality and scope
Our reporting is guided by our materiality assessment,
which identifies key economic, environmental, social, and
governance-related factors that impact our ability to create
and sustain value in the short, medium and long term.
We prioritise issues based on stakeholder expectations,
business impact and regulatory standards through a
structured materiality assessment, aligning with <IR>, GRI
standards, TCFD, and BRSR frameworks. This approach
ensures transparent, relevant and forward-looking
disclosures, enabling stakeholders to make informed
decisions while reinforcing our commitment to responsible
banking and the creation of long-term value.
Reporting period
This Integrated Annual Report presents the standalone
performance of the Bank for the twelve months from
April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026, unless stated otherwise.
IT also captures key external factors, stakeholder insights, and
strategic responses to emerging opportunities and risks.
Reporting boundary
This report aligns with the principles of the Integrated
Reporting <IR> Framework and presents an
interconnected view of the Bank s financial and non-
financial performance. The boundaries include:
Integrated reporting boundary

f Our operating context

f Our business model and impact on the six Capitals

f Our strategy

f Stakeholder engagement

f Governance
Financial reporting boundary

f Alignment with the financial statements and
statutory reporting requirements
No significant changes in the organisation s type,
ownership or reporting boundaries occurred during
the reporting period.
The previous year figures have been regrouped and
reclassified, where necessary, to conform to current
year s presentation, ensuring comparability and
continuity in measurement methods, timeframes
and disclosures.
Approval by the Board of Directors

f The Bank acknowledges the integrity of the information
provided in this Integrated Annual Report and believes
that this report is a fair and balanced view of the Bank s
performance and prospects within the Integrated
Reporting Framework.

f The Board is informed that this report aligns with the
Integrated Reporting Framework and acknowledges
that the information provided in this report has been
reviewed and approved by the respective business units
and top management.
Assurance

f The standalone and consolidated financial statements in
this report have been independently audited by:

M/s. M M Nissim & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants
(FRN 107122W/W100672)

M/s. KKC & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants
(FRN 105146W/W100621)

f SGS India Private Ltd. (SGS India) has externally assured
the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
(BRSR) Core. The said Assurance Statement is available
on our website as part of the BRSR. Reasonable
Assurance is provided for the BRSR Core.
Forward-looking statement
This report contains certain forward-looking statements based
on current expectations, market conditions, and strategic
assumptions. These statements are inherently subject to a
range of risks and uncertainties, and external factors that
may impact the Bank s operations. Actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied in such statements.
The Bank undertakes no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, except as required under
applicable laws and regulations.
Feedback
We value your feedback that would enable us
to disclose relevant information in an effective
and transparent manner. Please write to us at:
shareholders@axis.bank.in
Reporting context

Our open approach to Integrated Reporting
Integrated thinking in decision - making
Integrated thinking is at the core of creating, sustaining and
enhancing value for all stakeholders. IT drives our strategic
decision-making by ensuring a holistic, interconnected
approach that aligns financial success with sustainable impact.
By embedding integrated thinking, we break silos and foster
synergies across six Capitals - Financial, Manufactured,
Social and Relationship, Intellectual, Human and Natural.
This approach enables us to:

f Enhance long-term value creation by integrating
financial performance with ESG commitments.

f Align business strategy with stakeholder priorities
through proactive engagement and responsiveness.

f Strengthen risk management and governance by
considering both opportunities and challenges holistically.

f Empower and engage our people, nurturing a future-
ready workforce through continuous learning, inclusivity
and a culture of performance and purpose.

f Leverage innovation and digital transformation,
supported by robust infrastructure, digital ecosystems,
and strategic partnerships, to drive operational
excellence, deliver secure, scalable, and accessible
customer-centric banking solutions, deepen customer
relationships, and promote inclusive growth and nation-
building across urban and rural India.
Our Integrated Reporting Universe seamlessly connects
these elements, ensuring that every decision we make is
open to growth, innovation and sustainability.
Guiding principles
Our Integrated Report is based on key guiding
principles of the Integrated Reporting Framework,
which ensure transparency, connectivity, and value
creation for stakeholders.

f Strategic focus and future orientation

f Connectivity of information

f Stakeholder relationships

f Materiality orientation

f Conciseness

f Reliability and completeness

f Consistency and comparability
Our integrated reporting process
This Integrated Annual Report follows a structured and transparent preparation process to ensure accuracy, relevance and
alignment with global best practices:
A dedicated reporting
team oversees the
process, incorporating
both internal and external
feedback to enhance the
quality of the report.
Senior management
and the Board provide
oversight, ensuring the
report aligns with the
Bank s strategic vision
and stakeholder
expectations.
Materiality assessment
and risk management
frameworks guide the
identification of key
themes and disclosures.
Data and insights
are sourced through
leadership interviews,
internal reporting
mechanisms
and regulatory
guidelines.
Our material issues
M1
Regulatory Compliance
M2

Corporate Governance & Ethical
Business Conduct
M3

Risk Management

M4

Fraud & Money Laundering -
Prevention, Detection & Mitigation
M5

Privacy and Data Security
M6

Customer Experience & Satisfaction
M7

Innovation and Digitalisation
M8

Impact of Climate Change
M9

Financial Inclusion, Literacy & Access
M10

Community Engagement
& Development
M11

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
M12

Sustainable Finance &
Responsible Banking
M13

Employee Engagement, Development
& Well-being
M14

Policy Advocacy and
Thought Leadership
M15

Return on Equity and Return
to Shareholders
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
A. B O U T T H E R E P O R T

Our Capitals
Six interconnected capitals shape our approach to value creation and define our
unique approach to banking - one that is open to possibilities, partnerships,
and progress.
UN Sustainable
Development
Goals (UN SDGs)
Our stakeholders
Shareholders & Investors
Communities & NGOs
Value chain partners
Customers
Regulators and policymakers
Rating agencies
Employees
Industry and peers
Re
N
Ra
E
P
Financial Capital
Our financial strength enables us to drive sustainable growth,
maintain resilience, allocate capital responsibly and deliver long-term
value for shareholders, customers and the economy.
Manufactured Capital
Our physical and digital banking infrastructure including
branches, ATMs, offices, technology platforms and omni-channel
networks, enables secure, accessible and seamless banking across
customer segments.
Intellectual Capital
Our technology capabilities, data intelligence, digital innovation,
risk expertise and institutional knowledge help us design
smarter solutions, enhance customer experience and strengthen
operational efficiency.
Human Capital
Our people, culture and leadership capabilities power the Bank s
performance through customer focus, agility, inclusion, continuous
learning and responsible decision-making.
Social and Relationship Capital
Our trust-based relationships with customers, employees,
regulators, investors, partners and communities enable us to deepen
engagement, promote financial inclusion and create shared value.
Natural Capital
Our approach to environmental stewardship focuses on responsible
resource use, climate-conscious operations, sustainable finance and
supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy.
We actively assess interdependencies and trade-offs among these capitals. An evaluation informs our strategic decisions
on how actions affect these capitals across time horizons, ensuring resilience and long-term value creation.
Reporting context

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Welcome to
Axis Bank
As one of India s leading private sector banks,
we serve retail, corporate, rural, and
international customers through an integrated
financial services ecosystem, driven by our
GPS strategy and One Axis approach.

Welcome to Axis Bank
Welcome to Axis Bank

Shaping the next chapter
of our growth
Backed by a strong, diversified model and disciplined execution, we
leverage technology, data-led insights, and trust to deliver meaningful,
risk-aware outcomes for customers and communities. As One Axis ,
we remain committed to serving every need, on every path, with
consistency, care and conviction.
Vision
To be the preferred financial services
provider, excelling in customer service
delivery through insight, empowered
employees, and smart use of technology.
Purpose
Banking that leads to a more inclusive and
equitable economy, a thriving community,
and a healthier planet.
Mission
To be the preferred financial solutions provider across the country,
delivering customer delight by:
Backed by five values
Customer Centricity
Ethics
Transparency
Teamwork
Ownership
Providing innovative and
intuitive banking solutions
A combination of organisational
agility, digital capabilities and
physical reach
Adopting sustainable banking
practices, particularly around
ESG and climate change
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
A. B O U T A X I S B A N K

Integrated Business Lines
Sustainability is deeply ingrained in our organisational
philosophy as we move forward with our GPS strategy.
Retail Banking
Wholesale and
Commercial Banking
Offerings through One Axis
Strategic positioning
Sparsh Bharat Deposit Mobilisation Digital-first One Axis
Capital deployment
Financial Manufactured Human Intellectual Social and Relationship Natural
Strategic enablers
Execution Excellence People Proposition Strengthening Assurance Culture
Emerging Technologies
Outcomes
Returns Liquidity Asset Quality Resource Productivity ESG Impact
Welcome to Axis Bank

Distinct businesses.
Connected strengths.
Our three business lines are
closely aligned with our GPS (Growth,
Profitability, Sustainability) strategy.
Together with the consistent
embedding of our One Axis
approach, the synergy ensures all
customer interactions - from rural
borrowers to multinationals - benefit
from our full capabilities, digital
infrastructure, and ecosystem. By
breaking down structural silos, we
have built a unified value flywheel
that seamlessly integrates our core
business lines - Retail Banking,
Wholesale and Commercial Banking,
and offerings through One Axis . This
integrated approach, powered by our
digital platforms, enables a continuous
flow of customers, data, and capital
across segments, driving cross-sell
opportunities, improving funding
efficiency, and strengthening balance
sheet quality across the franchise.
Read more in our
Business performance review on page 86
Value proposition
Deepening connections with individuals and small
businesses through highly personalised, digital-first banking
and world-class wealth management solutions.
Wealth dominance: Solidifying Burgundy by integrating
consumer platforms through bespoke advisory and family
office solutions.
Hyper-personalisation: Leveraging AI and analytics within
the open by Axis Bank app to evolve from transactional
banking into predictive financial stewardship.
Premiumisation of deposits: Strengthening the liability
franchise by driving granular, high-quality CASA growth.
Retail Banking
*Includes deposits and assets under advice
11%
Savings Bank deposits
8%
Retail loan book
13%
Burgundy Private AUM*
Capital Linkages
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
I. N T E G R AT E D B U S I N E S S L I N E S

Value proposition
Empowering India s corporate growth and MSME resilience
through domain expertise, tailored credit structures and
next-generation transaction banking.
Transaction banking & neo for corporates: Scaling the
neo by Axis Bank API suite for real-time treasury and
trade solutions.
Sustainable finance leadership: Incremental financing
target of ₹60,000 crores to sectors with positive
environmental and social outcomes by fiscal 2030.
MSME digitisation: Expanding digital journeys across
MSME lifecycle for ease of sourcing, underwriting,
onboarding and servicing for MSMEs.
Alternative channels & One Axis synergy: Leveraging
digital-led channels and the One Axis approach to drive
efficient acquisition and cross-functional solutions.
Value proposition
The connective tissue of Axis Bank, providing the
technological backbone and specialised financial services
that enable holistic, life-stage banking throughout the
One Axis ecosystem.
Integrated solutions: One Axis brings together our full
range of offerings across our business segments and
subsidiaries, delivering comprehensive and seamless
financial solutions. This integrated approach allows us to
serve customers holistically - across life stages, business
needs and aspirations.
Wholesale and Commercial Banking
Offerings through One Axis
38%
Wholesale Banking
Coverage Group
(WBCG) loans
33%
Mid-Corporate loan book
24%
Commercial Banking
Group (CBG) loans
₹3,812 crores
Total investment in domestic subsidiaries
as on March 31, 2026
₹12,517 crores
Combined net worth of operating subsidiaries
18% y-o-y growth as on March 31, 2026
₹2,051 crores
Combined PAT of operating subsidiaries
16% y-o-y growth
Capital Linkages
Capital Linkages
Welcome to Axis Bank

Disciplined growth, underpinned by risk rigour,
capital prudence, and integrated assurance,
defines our operating philosophy
As I present Axis Bank s Integrated Annual Report for
fiscal 2026, I do so with a deep sense of pride in the
progress we have made and confidence in the path ahead.
I would like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Neeraj
Gambhir on his appointment as Whole-time Director,
and to Ms. Malavika R. Harita on joining the Board as an
Independent Director during the year. Fiscal 2026 marked
a period of strong growth for us complemented by prudent
transformation, as we continued to build a resilient and
future-ready institution. Our progress has been firmly
anchored in enhanced governance standards, strengthened
compliance frameworks, and a more effective assurance
ecosystem, embedding sustainability, discipline and trust at
the core of our growth.
In fiscal 2026, the global economy was characterised by
geopolitical uncertainty, shifting trade flows, evolving
monetary cycles, attenuated by the middle east conflict.
IMF projections for global growth in fiscal 2027 moderated
to 3.1%, with downside risks from prolonged geopolitical
tensions. Tight financial conditions and AI-led sentiments
are driving capital flows, increasing vulnerabilities across
emerging markets and global resource stability.
Despite episodes of volatility from tariff uncertainties and
geopolitical tensions, India sustained its position as the
fastest-growing major economy, underpinned by strong
consumption and sound macro fundamentals driven by
proactive monetary and fiscal measures. Easing inflation
enabled policy support, while healthy balance sheets,
continued public capex, and sustained consumer demand,
reinforce a positive, though watchful, outlook.
The Indian banking sector continues to demonstrate strong,
broad-based momentum, with credit growth of scheduled
commercial banks accelerating to 14% in fiscal 2026 vs 11%
in fiscal 2025 and healthy non-food credit expansion driven
by sustained deployment across segments. Credit growth
remained well-distributed across rural, semi-urban, urban
and metropolitan markets. Deposit growth for the industry
improved to 11%, though accompanied by a structural shift
in mix, with the share of CASA deposits moderating to 39.0%
in March 2026 from 45.2% in March 2022. Asset quality has
remained robust, with controlled NPAs and strengthened
capital buffers. Together, these trends reflect a well-capitalised
and resilient banking system, effectively supporting economic
expansion while balancing growth with prudence.
Our loan growth remained strong at 19% y-o-y,
underpinned by disciplined, RAROC-led expansion in the
corporate book, which grew 38%. Granular segments
have also sustained robust momentum, with SME, Mid-
Corporate and Small Business Banking growing 24%, 33%
and 17% on y-o-y basis, respectively. Retail disbursements
strengthened in the latter half of fiscal 2026, led by
personal loans, mortgages and retail-agriculture segments.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and
Part-time Chairman
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
C. H A I R M A N ' S S TAT E M E N T

With a CET-1 ratio of 14.38% and CAR of 16.42%,
we remain well-capitalised to support future growth.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, we further
strengthened our balance sheet through a prudent,
precautionary one-time provision of ₹2,001 crores,
reflecting our conservative risk philosophy amid heightened
geopolitical uncertainties. This action was not driven
by any asset quality stress but reflects our prudent
risk management practices, reinforcing balance sheet
resilience while upholding disciplined and forward-looking
risk governance. Our disciplined approach to growth,
underpinned by proactive risk management, prudent
capital allocation and a strengthened compliance culture,
continues to define our operating philosophy.
As a Bank, we have made a deliberate and sustained effort
over the years to embed a deeply ingrained, enterprise-
wide culture of compliance - one that is owned at every
level. In an environment shaped by rapid digitisation,
evolving regulatory expectations, and growing AI adoption,
compliance is no longer static; IT is dynamic, forward-
looking, and central to how we operate. With each
passing year, we are raising our own benchmarks - setting
higher standards, tightening controls, and driving greater
accountability across the organisation.
In fiscal 2026, we further strengthened this foundation
through an integrated assurance framework, reinforcing risk
discipline, audit rigor, and compliance accountability across the
Bank and the Group. This was complemented by investments
in talent, sharper underwriting standards, and enhanced
analytics capabilities, supported by a robust operating
platform. A structured engagement model with assurance
functions, alongside a strong culture of self-identification of
process errors has strengthened first-line ownership, thus
enabling timely and decisive remediation. Extending this
philosophy across the Group, we have also strengthened
our subsidiary governance framework by ensuring greater
alignment with Group philosophy, oversight, and consistent
execution standards, thereby institutionalising a unified, high-
bar approach to governance across all Group entities.
Technology is a central pillar of our compliance
architecture. Our technology and AI transformation is
governed by clearly defined guardrails, with embedded
control frameworks, real-time compliance monitoring, and
stringent responsible-use policies - ensuring that innovation
is pursued with unwavering discipline, transparency,
and accountability.
Our progress in embedding a robust compliance culture
and governance discipline is distinctly reflected in external
recognition, notably our continued recognition in the
top-tier Leadership category in the IiAS Corporate
Governance Scorecard, reaffirming the strength,
consistency, and effectiveness of our governance
practices. As expectations continue to rise, we are not
merely adapting, but we are setting the benchmark, with
governance firmly established as a strategic differentiator
for the Bank.
Sparsh, our customer obsession program, remains a core
pillar of distinctiveness under our GPS strategy. IT reflects
our unwavering commitment to delivering superior,
consistent customer experiences at scale. Embedded
across our 6,000+ branches, all customer touchpoints,
and embraced by 1 lakh+ colleagues. Sparsh continues
to drive a cultural shift towards deeper engagement,
responsiveness, and service excellence enabled by our
strong digital and technology capabilities.
Building on our strong governance foundation, our ESG
framework reinforces our commitment to sustainable and
inclusive growth aligned to our purpose. Our focus on green
mobility, retail ESG products, and climate risk integration
continues to scale. On the social front, we have surpassed
our diversity goals, by achieving the target of 30%+ women
representation ahead of our stated timeline, alongside
inclusive initiatives to support LGBTQIA+. Anchored in
strong governance, our ESG approach remains focused on
delivering measurable and future-ready outcomes.
Guided by our purpose and the ethos of dil se open, our
CSR initiatives continue to focus on creating inclusive and
sustainable impact across communities. During fiscal 2026,
our programs spanned livelihoods, education, financial
inclusion, and climate resilience, reaching underserved
geographies and vulnerable populations. Axis Bank
Foundation s sustainable livelihoods program supported
2.8 million households across 306 districts in 32 states/
UTs, each reflecting a journey from subsistence to
enterprise and growing resilience. We also supported
~13.7 lakhs students, enabled financial literacy for ~2.6 lakh
individuals, predominantly women and advanced livelihood
opportunities on a large scale.
With each milestone, we continue to build a franchise
that is resilient, inclusive and sustainable in the long-term.
As we look ahead, we remain steadfast in strengthening
governance, advancing a culture of safe and responsible
banking and leveraging technology to deliver scalable,
customer-centric outcomes.
Even as we navigate an increasingly complex and evolving
geopolitical landscape with measured prudence, our
commitment towards delivering enduring value for all our
stakeholders remains unwavering.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
Welcome to Axis Bank

Anchored to a
sound strategic framework
S. T R AT E G I C P I L L A R S

One Axis in
action
At the core of our uniqueness
is One Axis, a unified
ecosystem that unites our
businesses, subsidiaries
and specialised capabilities.
By integrating products,
expertise, and platforms
across segments under One
Axis , we deliver seamless
and relevant solutions
that deepen relationships,
improve customer outcomes,
and boost franchise-wide
value creation.
One Axis in action

Redefining banking in
the digital-first era
We are transforming
banking by prioritising a
digital-first strategy that
ensures every interaction
is efficient, straightforward
and user-friendly. Leveraging
platforms such as open by
Axis Bank and neo by Axis
Bank, powered by Artificial
Intelligence, analytics,
and guided processes, we
are developing a banking
experience that is seamless,
accessible, and focused on
customer needs.
For customers -
Banking in the digital-first era

Enabling access,
driving inclusion
We are expanding the reach
of formal finance across
Bharat through increased
physical presence, digital
enablement, and localised
partnerships. With Bharat
Banking at the core of this
initiative, we are widening
access, encouraging
participation in the formal
economy, and promoting
inclusive growth with
discipline and purpose.
For customers -
Bharat Banking
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Grounded in customer centricity, digital leadership, inclusion, and responsibility,
these pillars guide our approach to differentiation and sustainable progress.
This disciplined framework positions us to deliver seamless solutions for our
customers while ensuring meaningful outcomes for all our stakeholders and
the environment.

Customer-first
by design
We are strengthening
customer relationships by
combining digital intelligence,
human empathy, and the
strength of the One Axis
ecosystem to deliver more
intuitive, responsive and
personalised banking
experiences. Through
initiatives such as Sparsh and
Siddhi, we are embedding
customer-centricity
into journeys, frontline
engagement, and service
delivery, while expanding
inclusive and locally relevant
banking access across Bharat.
For customers -
Banking beyond transactions

Enabling progress
through partnerships
We are strengthening
India s growth ecosystem
through partnerships with
governments, institutions,
investors and businesses
across sectors. By combining
the scale of our banking
franchise with the capabilities
of our subsidiaries, we
support capital flows,
enterprise growth, public
programs, and economic
participation at scale.
Through collaborative
engagement, specialised
financial solutions, and
responsible stewardship, we
continue to contribute to a
more resilient, inclusive, and
future-ready economy.
For employees | For investors |
For partners - Government |
For communities

Driving the
green transition
We are integrating
sustainability into our lending
practices, operational
processes, and long-term
value creation. Through
responsible finance, climate-
conscious operations, and
environmental initiatives, we
support more sustainable
growth trajectories, mitigate
future risks, and establish
a more resilient franchise
for the benefit of our
stakeholders and society.
For the environment
Welcome to Axis Bank

As a financial institution with a broad stakeholder footprint,
we understand that value creation must balance financial
performance with environmental stewardship, social
progress and sound governance. This is reflected in our
approach to allocating capital, managing risk, designing
products, strengthening internal capabilities and engaging
with communities.
During fiscal 2026, we continued to align our actions with
national priorities and global sustainability goals, including
the UN Sustainable Development Goals and India s climate
and development commitments. Under the guidance of the
ESG Committee of the Board, we further integrated ESG
considerations into our business and operational decision-
making, while maintaining a clear focus on accountability,
resilience and long-term impact.
Sustainability at the core
In fiscal 2026, we continued to strengthen this approach by scaling
sustainable finance, enhancing climate risk expertise, promoting
inclusion, and minimising our environmental impact. With Board
oversight and stakeholder alignment, our ESG focus is helping build
a resilient, inclusive, low-carbon future.
Material Issues Linkage
M2
M8
M10

M12
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
A. D V A N C I N G O U R E S G A G E N D A

Our fiscal 2027 ESG focus
How ESG
is embedded
across
the Bank
Promotion of finance
transition and inclusion
Capital deployment towards
sectors with positive
environmental and social outcomes
Responsible governance
Board-level oversight, strong policies
and enterprise-wide
accountability
Reduction of
operational footprint
Focused action on emissions,
renewable energy, waste management
and green infrastructure
Strengthening
climate resilience
Enhanced climate
risk assessment, portfolio review
and scenario led preparedness

f Expand environmental and
social risk assessment across
the portfolio

f Strengthen enterprise-level
climate risk assessment
through stress testing and
scenario analysis

f Scale sustainable and positive-
impact financing across
Wholesale and Retail Banking

f Reduce operational carbon
footprint through green initiatives
and resource efficiency

f Support climate adaptation,
mitigation and resilience through
CSR-led interventions

f Moderate exposure to carbon-
intensive sectors in line with the
Bank s internal glide path

f Advancing diversity, inclusion
and equitable growth across
the organisation
Welcome to Axis Bank

Commitment/target
Unit
Fiscal 2024 progress
Fiscal 2025 progress
Fiscal 2026 progress
Status
Strategic note
Incremental financing of ₹30,000 crores
under Wholesale Banking to sectors
with positive-impact financing social and
environmental outcomes by fiscal 2026
Cumulative
Exposure
₹30,409 crores
(Target achieved)
Not applicable
Not applicable
Achieved in
fiscal 2024
Surpassed target ahead of timeline
Target achieved early; revised in fiscal 2025
Incremental financing of ₹60,000 crores
under Wholesale Banking to sectors
with positive-impact financing social and
environmental outcomes, by fiscal 2030
Cumulative
Exposure
Not applicable
₹48,412 crores
Achieved in
Strong progress. Target achieved.
Increasing proportion of Two-Wheeler
(2W) Electric Vehicle (EV) loan portfolio -
6% by fiscal 2027
% Penetration
in FY

2W 3.62%

2W 7.14%
Not applicable
Achieved for
Two-wheeler in
fiscal 2025
Reviewed EV portfolio; targets revised in fiscal 2026 to
2W 8% and 4W 7%
Increasing proportion of Four-Wheeler
(4W) Electric Vehicle (EV) loan portfolio -
4% by fiscal 2027
4W Not applicable
4W 2.92%
Increasing proportion of Two-Wheeler
(2W) Electric Vehicle (EV) loan portfolio -
8% by fiscal 2027*
% Penetration
in fiscal
Not applicable
Not applicable

2W 9.01%
Achieved in
Bank promoting EV adoption via customer offerings
and Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) partnerships
Increasing proportion of Four-Wheeler
(4W) Electric Vehicle (EV) loan portfolio -
7% by fiscal 2027*
4W 7.20%
Scaling down exposure to carbon-
intensive sectors, including coal and
thermal power
Progress on
Glide Path
Exposure below fiscal 2024
Exposure below fiscal 2025
Exposure below fiscal 2026
On -track
Portfolio transition remains disciplined;
Moderating exposure to carbon-intensive sectors
Reaching 30% women's representation in
workforce by fiscal 2027
Overall
diversity ratio
25.0%
27.7%
30.1%
Achieved in
Bank's workforce diversity improved with 37% of new hires being women in
Planting 2 million trees by fiscal 2027
across India as part of our contribution to
creating a carbon sink
Saplings planted
1.33 million
3.27 million
Not applicable
Achieved in
Target of planting 2 million trees has been upgraded in March 2025 to
planting 8 million trees by 2030
Planting 8 million trees by fiscal 2030
across India as part of our contribution
to creating a carbon sink
Saplings planted
Not applicable
Not applicable
4.16 million
On-track
Partnering with eight implementation agencies for Miyawaki and other tree
plantation programs across India
Progress on ESG-aligned goals
Our ESG efforts are designed to translate intent into measurable outcomes. In fiscal 2026, we continued to build on the
commitments we put forth in 2021, even as we recalibrated our ambition in areas where progress has accelerated.
Bank's performance against ESG targets
2W Two-wheeler
4W Four-wheeler
*Penetration target for each fiscal year in 4W and 2W segments, respectively
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Welcome to Axis Bank
A. D V A N C I N G O U R E S G A G E N D A

Seamless phygital banking
Physical reach
Our disciplined expansion of the physical network is
strategically focused on expanding access to banking
in underserved regions, thus unlocking the economic
potential of India's hinterlands. By extending our
footprint across 3,327 cities, 712 districts and achieving
an unprecedented ~89% district coverage nationwide,
we are bringing institutional banking capabilities to
the grassroots.
Network strength
6,278
Domestic branches (including 3 Digital
Banking Units and 10 Extension Counters)
(Previous year: 5,879)
12,796
ATMs and cash deposit/withdrawal machines
Specialised branches
Business correspondents and
business facilitator outlets (BCBOs)
Almost 50% of our physical network is now allocated to
fostering expansion within RuSu markets, whereas our
Platinum branches provide specialised services to Small
Banking Business (SBB) clients.
Be IT through a rural branch in India s remote corner or through an intuitive
application on a customer s device, we are extending our reach to serve individuals,
MSMEs, and global enterprises with tailored, local-first financial solutions.
Branch
Region-wise
Rural
Semi-urban
Urban
Metro
East
West
North
South
(%)
Global presence
To support cross-border banking, trade, and wealth
requirements of our corporate clients and Non-resident
Indians (NRIs), Axis Bank maintains a highly strategic
international footprint.
International branches
Dubai (DIFC), U.A.E.
GIFT City-IBU, India
Singapore
Representative offices
Abu Dhabi, U.A.E.
Dhaka, Bangladesh
Dubai, U.A.E.
Sharjah, U.A.E.
Material Issues Linkage
M6
M7
M9
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
P. R E S E N C E

Digital footprint
Across Retail and Wholesale Banking, digital platforms serve as an important
enabler to the Bank s physical network. In fiscal 2026, priorities shifted from
adoption to deepening customer relationships, anchored in dependable
performance, robust safety controls and scalable digital capabilities.
Phygital engagement
Our virtual engagement channels make banking personalised, proactive and frictionless, bridging online ease with human
empathy. We have made IT our mission to remain open through physical branches and every screen, tap and conversation.
~3 crores
Registered customer base for
mobile banking
66%
Mobile banking customers banking
only on mobile application
18 million+
Non-Axis Bank customers using
Axis Mobile and Axis Pay apps
250+
DIY services available on the
mobile app
Axis Virtual Centres (AVCs) nationwide
1,591
Virtual Relationship Managers
~100 million
Aha! Conversations in fiscal 2026
WhatsApp Banking
₹145 crores
Fixed deposits booked
via WhatsApp in
Product journeys now
entirely digitised
4.8
Rating of mobile app on Google
Play Store & Apple App Store
I30 trillion
Mobile banking spends
17% y-o-y
11 billion
Mobile banking transactions
25% y-o-y
Recognised for digital
excellence

f Recognised as Indian
Domestic Digital
Transformation Bank of the
Year at the Asian Banking &
Finance Awards 2025

f Won the Infosys
Innovation Award 2025
('Maximising Customer
Engagement') for our 'neo
for Corporate' platform

f Honoured with the Agentic30
Disruptors Award at the
Agentic Marketing Summit

f Earned recognition as Best
SEO Strategy (Banking
Sector) at FINNIXX Summit
Awards 2025

f Recognised for Outstanding
Innovation in Financial
Technology (Merchant Cash
Advance) at the 4th BFSI
Award 2026
With over 40 million registered users, WhatsApp has
become a key touchpoint in our digital journey. Fully
integrated with Axis Aha!, our chatbot platform supports
fixed deposit bookings, card services, loan requests; real-
time transactions and balance checks; smart Frequently
Asked Questions (FAQ) handling powered by Artificial
Intelligence (AI).
Welcome to Axis Bank

A journey defined by
purpose and progress
1990s
2000s
Over the past three decades, we have evolved from a robust banking network
to a highly integrated, digital-first ecosystem.
Incorporated as UTI Bank
First branch in Ahmedabad inaugurated by
Dr. Manmohan Singh, Union Finance Minister
Deposits cross ₹1,000 crores
Oversubscribed IPO; over 1 lakh retail investors
Launched website: www.utibank.com
Crossed 100 branches
Launched Corporate iConnect , an internet banking
facility for corporate customers
7,000+ ATM access enabled via shared networks
Listed on London Stock Exchange, raised $257.03
million through Global Depositary Receipts (GDRs)
Renamed as Axis Bank
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. I L E S T O N E S

Raised ₹12,500 crores via one of the largest
private QIPs
Strategic partnership with Max Life Insurance
Raised $600 million through India s first
ESG-compliant Sustainable AT1 Bond
Completed acquisition of Citibank India s
Consumer Business
The 4th largest credit card issuer in India
Successful migration of 2 million+ Citibank India
consumers to Axis Bank systems
2010s
2020s
Shikha Sharma was appointed MD & CEO
Acquired Enam Securities investment banking and
equity capital market business
Launched online trading platform, Axis Direct
Opened 10,000th ATM
First all-women branch in Patna
Issued Asia s first certified Green Bond ($500 mn)
Opened IFSC Banking Unit at GIFT City
Amitabh Chaudhry appointed MD & CEO
Axis Bank sets up a new benchmark in brand
storytelling with its latest campaign,
dil se open | ASLI KYC
Welcome to Axis Bank

One ecosystem.
Seamless solutions.
The bedrock: Ownership and the One Axis ecosystem
Our growth is supported by the enduring trust of our
investors and strengthened by a robust ecosystem of
specialised subsidiaries. This structure allows us to
participate across the financial services value chain,
while retaining focus and discipline within each business.
High institutional ownership
reflects strong investor confidence
in the Bank s governance, strategy
and long-term performance.
Ownership structure
The Bank remains a widely held and professionally managed
institution. Our shareholding structure demonstrates the
enduring confidence of both domestic and international
institutional investors in our long-term GPS (Growth,
Profitability, and Sustainability) strategy.
To deliver sustainable value in a rapidly evolving economic environment, an institution
requires strong foundational backing, a clear-eyed view of global and domestic trends,
and a highly differentiated competitive moat. As we close fiscal 2026, Axis Bank s
positioning is defined by the strength of its integrated ecosystem and its agility in
navigating the forces reshaping global finance.
Shareholder category
(%)
Foreign Institutional Investors
Domestic Institutions
Promoters
GDRs
Others
40.71
41.97
7.88
3.20
6.24
(as of March 31, 2026)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
O. W N E R S H I P S T R U C T U R E

The multiplier effect: 'One Axis' ecosystem
Our wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries are market leaders in their respective domains. They provide the
specialised capabilities that make our One Axis cross-sell strategy possible, ensuring we capture the entire lifetime value
of our customers.
Core business segment
Entity
Axis Bank holding (%)
Strategic role
Fiscal 2026 indicator
Retail Brokerage
100%
Digital broking platform
₹366 crores PAT
Investment Banking
100%
Corporate advisory &
capital markets
₹259 crores PAT;
61% y-o-y
Mutual Fund & PMS
Axis AMC Limited
75%
Wealth creation
₹596 crores PAT
19% y-o-y
Enterprise-Focused Non
Non-Banking Finance
Company (NBFC)
100%
NBFC lending platform
₹806 crores PAT
19% y-o-y
Life Insurance
Axis Max Life Insurance Ltd.
(Associate)
19.02%1
Protection & long-term
savings
~₹54 crores
share of PAT
Trustee Services
100%
Asset Management
Assets under custody at
₹52,844 billion

11% y-o-y
Investment Management
Services
Axis Pension Fund
Management Ltd.
47%2
Pension Fund
Management under NPS
AUM ₹16,118 crores
82% y-o-y
Fintech Platform
Freecharge Payment
Technologies Private Ltd.
100%
Digital payments
Gross Merchandise Value
₹42,828 crores
20.8% y-o-y
TReDS (discounting)
Platform
67%
MSME receivable
financing
~56.72 lakhs+ invoices
discounted
Business correspondent
and Technology Service
Provider
Freecharge Business &
Technology Services Ltd
100%
Scaling of lending &
financial services;
Merchant-led
₹600 crores+
disbursements with
₹610 crores AUM
1. Position as on March 31, 2026 and including stakes owned by Axis Capital and Axis Securities
2. Effective stake held by Axis Group in step down subsidiary
Above are figures as on/for year ended March 31, 2026 unless otherwise mentioned
The 'One Axis' advantage
End-to-end journeys
enabled through
API integrations
and common CRM
platforms
Diversified revenue
streams
Integrated customer
journeys throughout
the customer
lifecycle
Cross-selling
opportunities
through the 'One
Axis' ecosystem
Welcome to Axis Bank

Responding to change with
focus and agility
Global volatility vs Indian resilience
In fiscal 2026, the global economy continued to be
impacted by geopolitical fragmentation, persistent regional
conflicts and disruptions to key trade routes in the Middle
East. These factors collectively heightened uncertainty
across supply chains, energy markets, and global commerce.
Despite the headwinds, India strengthened its position
as a key engine of global growth, supported by resilient
domestic consumption, sustained public infrastructure
investment and a gradual revival in private capital
expenditure. These structural tailwinds fuelled robust
economic activity and created a broad-based demand for
financial services.
For the Bank, this translated into sustained, high-quality
opportunities across corporate, SME and retail segments,
as customers looked to finance expansion, manage volatility
and fulfil rising aspirations. Leveraging its well-diversified
business model, strong digital capabilities, and disciplined
risk management framework, the Bank remains well-placed
to support India s growth journey while creating long-term
value for stakeholders.
What is reshaping Indian banking?
The traditional banking model is being aggressively
redefined by three mega-trends, demanding agility and
strategic vision:
The premiumisation of the consumer
Rising per capita income is shifting consumer demand
away from basic savings products toward diversified
wealth management, premium credit cards and bespoke
advisory services.
The Digital Public Infrastructure (DPI)
revolution
The maturity of Unified Payments Interface (UPI), Open
Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC), and Account
Aggregators has democratised access to financial services.
Consequently, banks must now compete on hyper-
personalised user experiences, digital trust and data-driven
insights rather than on physical distribution alone.
Stronger risk discipline and regulatory
modernisation
The Indian banking system has significantly strengthened
its risk discipline through strict asset quality norms and
robust stress testing framework. The RBI has driven
regulatory modernisation by adopting Basel III standards
and tighter prudential guidelines.
The race for granular deposits
As systemic credit growth continues to outpace deposit
growth, the ultimate winner in Indian banking will be the
institution that can most efficiently mobilise low-cost,
sticky retail and rural deposits to fund its asset expansion.
We sustain our differentiation by pairing institutional scale with
disciplined practices and purpose-driven innovation to navigate
a rapidly evolving ecosystem.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
O. P E R AT I N G L A N D S C A P E

Our moat: Competitive advantages
In response to the operating landscape, the Bank has deliberately
engineered a set of compounding competitive advantages.
These pillars protect our margins, accelerate our market share,
and ensure we are built for all seasons.
What gives us the edge
Our greatest differentiator is our ability to deliver
the entire Axis ecosystem to a single client. This
is ensured by driving exponential cross-sell ratios
and ensuring that every Axis Bank customer
has seamless access to the full suite of One Axis
services. Our integrated architecture significantly
lowers customer acquisition cost and maximises
lifetime value.
'One Axis' synergy
While competitors battle for saturated urban
market share, we have built a strong, asset-led
phygital footprint (physical and digital ecosystem)
in Rural and Semi-Urban (RuSu) India. Achieving
89% district coverage, we are deeply embedded
in the grassroots economy, allowing us to capture
highly lucrative, granular retail deposits that fund
our broader growth.
Unmatched 'Bharat' granularity
Following the seamless integration of Citibank s
consumer business and the aggressive scaling of
our 'Burgundy' platform, the Bank commands one
of India s most formidable wealth management
and premium credit card portfolios. This provides
a highly profitable, fee-generating revenue stream
that remains resilient through shifting interest
rate cycles.
The premium wealth franchise
We are no longer just participating in digital
banking; we are defining IT. From the AI-driven
personalisation engine inside the 'open by
Axis Bank' app to the deeply embedded 'neo
for Corporate' transaction banking APIs, our
technology stack is built for scale, absolute
security, and invisible integration into our
customers' daily workflows.
Proprietary digital architecture
As we exit fiscal 2026, our capital adequacy
ratios remain well above regulatory requirements;
our asset quality is stable and our provisioning
provides a significant buffer against any
unforeseen macroeconomic shock.
An unassailable balance sheet
Welcome to Axis Bank

Building the most
loved brand
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. A R K E T I N G I N I T I AT I V E S

Welcome to Axis Bank

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. A R K E T I N G I N I T I AT I V E S

Our Asli KYC campaign marked the next chapter of dil se open , spotlighting
relationship managers who go beyond data to understand customers worlds, anticipate
needs and offer timely solutions. Through five films across diverse contexts, the
campaign showcased how deeper insight leads to meaningful service. Rolled out across
digital, social, OOH and internal platforms, Asli KYC reinforced a culture of consistency,
excellence and empathy.
Welcome to Axis Bank

This Republic Day, we set out to reposition
the locker beyond its conventional role as a
vault for financial valuables. Positioning IT
as a custodian of our highest symbols, like
our national flag. Built around the national
flag and anchored in the journey of Nikhat
Zareen, the campaign made a quiet but
powerful case for the kind of pride that
endures beyond the moment, and for Axis
Bank as a brand that not only understands
what Indians protect, but also what they
truly hold dear.
#SafeInvesting
IsSmartInvesting
#DeshKaLocker -
Republic Day
Amid market uncertainty, we repositioned
Fixed Deposits as a smart, safe and stable
investment choice. Built on the insight that
people seek trusted choices in everyday life but
often chase riskier returns in finance, the
campaign used relatable storytelling across
two films to make a case for safer investing.
The campaign repositioned Axis Bank Fixed
Deposits not merely as a product, but as the
choice considered for those who invest with
the same care they bring to everything else
that matters.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. O C I A L M E D I A

Our #HumNahiDarte Kashmir campaign was
a purpose-led effort to revive travel sentiment
post disruption. Shot with real locals, IT
captured the region s resilience and invited
travellers back with empathy, not offers.
Anchored in dil se open , IT positioned the
brand as a facilitator of confidence and human
connection. The line Hum nahi darte. Hum
dobara aayenge. became a powerful voice of
solidarity - helping restore trust, support
livelihoods and reopen tourism narratives,
while demonstrating the brand s ability to
drive impact beyond banking.
#HumNahiDarte -
Independence Day
#MotherTonguelish
On International Mother Language Day, we
celebrated something deeply Indian and
quietly overlooked, the accent that lingers
when our mother tongue meets another
language. For too long, this beautiful
imprint of our roots has been a source of
hesitation rather than pride. With
#MotherTonguelish, we gave IT a name, and
invited Indians to speak in their own voice,
exactly as they are. Through real people,
real conversations, and a warm spirit of
inclusion, the campaign reframed accent as
identity and reaffirmed our belief that
every Indian deserves to be heard with the
dignity and openness of dil se open.
Welcome to Axis Bank

6,000th Branch
Launch Milestone
Celebrations 2026
To commemorate the launch of the
Bank s 6,000th branch in Nagpur, we
partnered with India Post to create a
commemorative stamp that transformed
a business milestone into a lasting
national symbol. Anchored in dil se open ,
dil se open x 6000 celebrated both scale
and spirit - honouring the trust of
millions of customers and reaffirming the
Bank s commitment to remain open,
responsive and customer-first.
We reimagined the festive season as an ongoing
emotion, enabling customers to celebrate
meaningfully with up to 20%* off through Credit
Cards and EMIs. The integrated campaign ran
across print, outdoor, digital and social media,
supported by a festive track sung and composed
by Amit Trivedi. Collaborations with celebrity
and dance influencers further amplified reach,
visibility and engagement through the season.
*T&C apply
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
P. R O D U C T M A R K E T I N G

Indigo Flight Axis Bank
Credit Card
Suvidha
Our The First That Stays campaign
targeted freshers and new joiners by
celebrating the idea that while all firsts are
special, only a few truly last. Using
creator-led Vox Pop storytelling and a
stop-motion film, the campaign ran across
Meta, 200+ digital touchpoints and 100+
ATMs in corporate hubs. IT delivered
strong engagement and business impact,
strengthening our brand recall as a trusted
salary banking partner.
The launch of the IndiGo Axis Bank Credit
Card brought together two leading
consumer brands to offer a distinctive
travel-led proposition. Through a
digital-first, gamified narrative, the campaign
showed how everyday spends can unlock
travel aspirations. Executed across digital
media, owned assets and high-visibility
locations such as Delhi T3 Airport and
Cyberhub, Gurugram, IT drove awareness,
engagement, customer acquisition and
long-term brand affinity.
Welcome to Axis Bank

Splash
SPLASH, our flagship children s
engagement platform, grew significantly
in fiscal 2026 as a celebration of creativity
and imagination. Anchored in the theme
Dreams , IT encouraged children to
express their aspirations with confidence.
With on-ground activations, digital
outreach and AI-led experiences, SPLASH
engaged schools, branches and
communities across markets, deepening
emotional connections with families while
reinforcing our innovation-led and
inclusive brand philosophy.
Flashback: Celebrating
Senior Customer
Relationships
Flashback is our engagement platform for
senior citizens, curated to acknowledge and
nurture long-standing customer
relationships. Rooted in the dil se open
philosophy, the initiative brought senior
customers together through screenings of
iconic cinema. Conducted across 22 cities, IT
engaged over 7,000 senior customers, using
nostalgia and familiar cultural narratives to
strengthen trust and emotional connection
with senior customers.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
E. V E N T S

Burgundy Private Experiences
Burgundy Private Experiences bring together access, insight, and exclusivity through thoughtfully
curated engagements for Axis Bank Burgundy Private clients.
In fiscal 2026, 51 exclusive experiences were hosted across 21 cities, covering art & culture, insights, and
lifestyle. In partnership with NMACC, Indian Express, ASIC, ITC Hotels. Burgundy Private unlocked
access to immersive showcases, renowned voices, and refined dining experiences. These bespoke
engagements further strengthened client relationships while reaffirming Axis Bank s position as a
leading bank known for delivering exceptional and differentiated experiences.
Welcome to Axis Bank

Governance anchored
in values
Through prudent decision-making and strategic oversight, the Board ensures
the Bank remains accountable and competitive. Their leadership provides the
foundation for sustainable growth and long-term stability.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director
& Part-time Chairman
P. N. Prasad
Independent Director
Subrat Mohanty
Executive Director
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director
& CEO
CH. S. S. Mallikarjunarao
Independent Director
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
Girish Paranjpe
Independent Director
Mini Ipe
Non-Executive
Nominee Director
Neeraj Gambhir
Executive Director
Meena Ganesh
Independent Director
Pranam Wahi
Independent Director
G. Padmanabhan
Independent Director
Malavika R. Harita
Independent Director
(as on April 25, 2026)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. O A R D O F D I R E C T O R S

Connecting strategy,
execution and accountability
The Senior Management Team serves as the catalyst for the Bank's progress, converting
high-level goals into operational excellence. With a focus on agility and long-term
sustainability, they lead the charge in building a Bank that is as robust as IT is innovative.
Anand Viswanathan
Group Chief Risk Officer
Anuranjan Kumar
Group Chief Compliance Officer
Avinash Raghavendra
Information Technology & Retail Operations
Kedar Joshi
Group Chief Audit Executive
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Sameer Shetty
Digital Business and Transformation & Strategic Programs
Sanjeev Moghe
Head Branch Banking, South & West
(as on April 25, 2026)
Anoop Manohar
Marketing and Corporate Communications
Arnika Dixit
Affluent Business, Cards & Payments
Bipin Saraf
Bharat Banking
Prashant Joshi
Chief Credit Officer
Rajkamal Vempati
Human Resources
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Vijay Mulbagal
Wholesale Banking Coverage & Sustainability
Welcome to Axis Bank
S. E N I O R M A N A G E M E N T T E A M

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Value Creation
by the Bank
To know more, take a look at our
Value Creation Model
Axis Bank creates value through the combined
strength of its people, technology, governance,
and relationships, creating meaningful
outcomes for stakeholders.

Value Creation by the Bank
Value Creation by the Bank

Drivers of long-term value
At Axis Bank, value creation is shaped by how thoughtfully we bring together financial
strength, customer insight, digital capability, physical reach, partnerships and disciplined
governance. These strengths enable us to respond to changing needs with agility, serve
customers more effectively and build a franchise designed for resilience across cycles.
Our approach is rooted in integrated thinking. Through the House of GPS, customer obsession, digital leadership, Bharat
Banking, One Axis collaboration, and a strong focus on risk and sustainability, we translate strategic intent into outcomes
that are meaningful for all stakeholders.
We integrate governance, compliance, risk management, and sustainability priorities into business decisions. This
strengthens trust, supports responsible growth, enhances preparedness for emerging risks, and reinforces long-term
stewardship across the franchise.
This creates value that extends beyond near-term business performance. IT is reflected in stronger customer relationships,
better quality growth, higher productivity, wider inclusion, greater trust and a more future-ready institution. The following
model captures how these strengths are deployed across our business to create enduring value over time.
From strength to sustained value
What we draw on

f Financial strength and balance sheet resilience

f People, leadership, and culture

f Technology, data and digital platforms

f Branch network and distribution reach

f Trust-based relationships and partnerships

f Governance, risk discipline and sustainability focus
How we apply IT

f Customer-first execution

f Digital innovation at scale

f Bharat Banking and inclusive access

f One Axis collaboration across businesses

f Disciplined growth and risk calibration

f Responsible banking and ESG integration
What IT creates

f Stronger customer relationships

f Better quality growth

f Improved productivity and profitability

f Wider access and inclusion

f Greater trust and resilience

f Long-term stakeholder value
Six enduring
strengths
Capital
strength
People
and culture
Distribution
reach
Trusted
relationships
Digital
capability
Governance
discipline
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
V. A L U E C R E AT I O N M O D E L

From capability to consequence
Our value creation approach is realised when capabilities are put into action. Each strategic driver aims to boost short-
term performance while also enhancing the Bank s capacity to create long-term value. Collectively, these drivers link our
institutional efforts to the benefits for customers, employees, investors, communities, partners and the environment.
Customer franchise
We deepen customer relationships through relevant propositions, stronger
service, segment-led offerings and more intuitive experiences across physical
and digital channels. This helps us stay closer to evolving needs while building
trust, engagement and long-term relevance.
Deposit and balance sheet strength
We continue to strengthen the quality of our liabilities, preserve capital
resilience and allocate resources with discipline. This supports sustainable
growth, protects flexibility through cycles and reinforces our ability to pursue
opportunities with prudence.
Digital and Data Capability
We invest in platforms, analytics, AI-led enablement and seamless journeys
that improve convenience, speed, decision-making and responsiveness. These
capabilities allow us to scale intelligently while delivering more personalised and
efficient experiences.
Distribution and Bharat reach
Our branch network, Bharat Banking franchise, and ecosystem partnerships
help us deliver relevant banking solutions more deeply into emerging and
underpenetrated markets. This expands access while strengthening our presence
across diverse customer segments and geographies.
People and Culture
We invest in talent, learning, leadership, inclusion and employee enablement
to build a future-ready institution. A culture grounded in accountability,
collaboration, and service enhances execution quality and supports
sustainable performance.
Sustainability
We integrate sustainability into financing, operations, and decision-making
to support responsible growth and strengthen long-term resilience. By
advancing greener practices, supporting transition opportunities and reducing
environmental impact, we seek to create value that is both commercially durable
and environmentally responsible.
These drivers create a business model that is more resilient, more inclusive and more future-ready. They help us convert
strategic intent into outcomes that matter across stakeholders. The following value-creation model illustrates how these
strengths are deployed across our business to deliver enduring outcomes.
Higher customer engagement,
stronger loyalty, deeper
relationships and improved
wallet share.
Resilience, funding strength,
prudent growth and stronger
long-term returns.
Better productivity, faster
execution, differentiated
experience and scalable growth.
Wider access, deeper inclusion,
diversified growth and stronger
franchise reach.
Stronger capability, better
execution, higher engagement and
organisational resilience.
Stronger resilience, reduced
environmental impact, responsible
growth and more sustainable
long-term outcomes.
Value created
Value Creation by the Bank

RI
VE
N
BY
B
US
IN
ES
S
AC
TI
TI
ES
M1
M1
M5
M11
M8
M6
M4
M9
M9
M3
M2
M7
M13
M12
M7
M15
M10
MATERIAL ISSUES
OUR CAPITALS
INPUTS
VALUE DRIVER ACTIVITIES
OUTCOMES
RISK
UN SDGs

Shareholder funds ₹2,041.94 billion

Total deposits ₹13,358.34 billion

Total borrowing ₹2,352.71 billion

Total Assets size ₹18,868.50 billion

Operating profit ₹428.17 billion

CRAR 16.42%

Net NPA 0.37%

Consolidated RoA 1.46%

Consolidated ROE 13.59%

Credit

Liquidity

Market

Information &
Cyber Security

Operational

Climate

Credit

Information &
Cyber Security

Climate

Climate

Operational

Information &
Cyber Security

Operational

Climate

Cyber Security

Operational

New 400 branches and banking outlets
opened in fiscal 2026

Lending in RuSu markets (Bharat
Banking) branches - 2,924 - to
complement PSL strategy

ATMs and cash deposit/withdrawal
machines 12,796

7 international branches and
representative offices

8. Axis Virtual Centres

~51 million Individual customers

4% y-o-y growth in Rural Advances

Domestic reach 712 districts,
~89% districts covered

Average monthly customers connected
through AVCs ~5 million

ESG issuances under the Sustainable
Financing Framework

7% y-o-y increase in investment
in technology

Best-in-class UPI stack

Dedicated digital team

Future-proofing our portfolio responsibly
using our in-house ESG rating model for
borrower-level risk review

Top rated mobile banking with ~16 million
MAU (monthly active users)

UPI transaction value increased by 141%
y-o-y

71% service requests done digitally

Total employee count 1.01 lakhs+

Staff cost ₹122.66 billion

Target 30% female representation in
workforce by fiscal 2027

Learning and training initiatives

Axis GIGA - Working from anywhere

Certified again as Great Place to Work
(GPTW)

Profit per employee ₹0.24 crores

6.7 million+ total learning hours
of employees

Total GIGA employees 2,431

Bank's workforce diversity - 30.1%, with
37% of new hires being women

Siddhi App empowering employees to
engage with customers

Funding to CSR programs - ₹5.3 billion

Nation-building partnerships

Customer obsession program - Sparsh

Total number of customers ~54 million

Over 20 lakh lives positively impacted
through CSR programs in this fiscal

Retail NPS Score 159 on baseline of 100

Total energy consumption - 910.83 TJ

Renewable energy as part of total
energy consumption - 57.01 TJ

ESG policy for lending

Scaling the green portfolio

Commitment to reducing emissions
in operations

Energy intensity per rupee of turnover
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) -
0.0000124 (GJ)

Energy used from renewable sources 6.26%

₹45,511 crores Green lending portfolio

Strategic climate financing partnership
- $500 million loan for financing green
and blue projects (IFC s first-ever blue
investment in India and the India s first blue
loan issued by a financial institution)

Lending towards sectors with positive
environmental and social outcomes -
Our Mission
Our Mission is to be preferred financial solutions provider
across the country, delivering customer delight by:

Providing innovative and intuitive banking solutions

A combination of organisational agility, digital
capabilities and physical reach

Adopting sustainable banking practices,
particularly around ESG & climate change
Our Purpose
Banking that leads to a more inclusive and
equitable economy, a thriving community,
and a healthier planet
Retail Banking
Loans, savings and retail term deposits, credit, debit and forex
cards, bill management services, wealth management and
third-party product distribution
Treasury
Foreign exchange (Forex), Derivatives, Debt
Capital Markets (DCM), Loan Syndication,
Investment & Liquidity Management, Asset
Liability Management (ALM)
Wholesale Banking
Loans, current and corporate term deposits, payments,
trade finance products, letter of credit, bank guarantee,
cash management services and commercial cards
Stakeholder
Engagement
Material
Issues
Performance
Output (Services offered by Business Segments)
External
Environment
Outlook
Risk
Management
Our Values

Customer centricity

Ethics

Transparency

Teamwork

Ownership
Our Vision
To be the preferred financial services provider
excelling in customer service delivery through
insight, empowered employees, and
smart use of technology
Deposits
Underwriting
Risk Management
& Collections
Investment
Management
Operations
Lending
Customer
Service
G
w
h
S
u
b
P
b
Read more pg. 28
Read more pg. 103
Read more pg. 86
Read more pg. 98
Read more pg. 78
Read more pg. 48
Read more pg. 54
Read more pg. 70
Read more pg. 186
Financial Capital
Manufactured
Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Social &
Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Value Creation by the Bank
V. A L U E C R E AT I O N M O D E L

Listening and aligning
to deliver value
At Axis Bank, we regularly engage with our stakeholders to understand their
expectations, concerns and emerging priorities. Continuous dialogue with
internal and external stakeholder groups helps us navigate an evolving business
environment, identify issues critical to long-term value creation and align our
strategy with stakeholder expectations.
The Bank follows a structured Stakeholder Engagement
and Materiality Assessment (SEMA) process at periodic
intervals covering key stakeholder groups, to evaluate
risks, opportunities, and material matters based on their
significance and potential impact. Continuous engagement
also strengthens the Bank s grievance redressal framework
and ensures stakeholder concerns are addressed in a timely
and transparent manner.
During fiscal 2025, the Bank undertook a comprehensive
SEMA exercise that, for the first time, included a Double
Materiality Assessment involving stakeholder consultations,
internal surveys and benchmarking. Based on this,
stakeholder groups were prioritised according to their level
of influence and impact.
For detailed disclosures on the Double Materiality
Assessment and stakeholder engagement process, please
refer page 48 of the Integrated Annual Report FY 2024-25,
available at:
axis.bank.in/annual-reports/2024-2025/pdf/Axis Bank IR 24-25.pdf
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. TA K E H O L D E R E N G A G E M E N T

Value Creation by the Bank
Stakeholder engagement
We map and identify our stakeholders to align our strategy with their expectations and support long-term value creation.
Based on internal assessment and leadership review, the Bank continues to engage with eight key stakeholder groups:
In fiscal 2026, as part of our continuous review process, we reviewed the stakeholder groups and the issues addressed
through our engagement mechanisms. Based on the internal evaluation, the identified stakeholder groups remain
unchanged during the year.
(For a detailed Stakeholder Prioritisation Matrix, refer page 48 of the Integrated Annual Report FY 2024-25)
Our
stakeholders
Customers
Communities
& NGOs
Shareholders &
Investors
Value chain
partners
Regulators &
policymakers
Industry
& peers
Employees
Rating
agencies
E
Re
Ra
N
P
Value Creation by the Bank

f Earnings calls and analyst interactions

f Investor conferences, roadshows, and one-on-one meetings/interactions

f Stock exchange disclosures

f Annual General Meeting and periodic investor updates
Key interests

f Consistent financial performance, sustainability and disciplined growth

f Strong governance, compliance, and risk management

f Clarity on strategy amid evolving economic and geopolitical conditions

f Transparent disclosures and timely communication
Translating engagement
The Bank executed its strategy
in line with the GPS framework,
focusing on sustainable growth
with prudent risk management,
strong governance and controls,
close monitoring of external
developments, continued
investment in technology, and
transparent engagement with
investors to support long-term
value creation.
Continuous
Periodic
Need-based
Investors

f Branch interactions and relationship management support

f Digital channels, including mobile banking, internet banking,
and contact centre

f Customer feedback, satisfaction surveys, and grievance
redressal platforms

f Marketing campaigns, service interactions, and customer meetings

f Axis Virtual Centre, social media, and digital engagement platforms
Key interests

f Reliable products and seamless service experience across channels

f Secure and innovative digital banking solutions

f Transparency, fair practices, and protection of customer data

f Timely resolution of queries and grievances

f Personalised offerings aligned with evolving customer needs
Translating engagement
The Bank continued to enhance
customer experience through
the One Axis approach, offering
integrated solutions supported
by strong digital banking and
cybersecurity capabilities. Focus
remained on service quality,
effective grievance resolution
through Axis Pride, leadership
in digital platforms, expansion
of sustainable financing, and
regular customer feedback to
improve services.
Continuous
Need-based
Customers
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. TA K E H O L D E R E N G A G E M E N T

f Regulatory meetings, inspections, supervisory reviews and consultations

f Periodic submissions, filings and performance reporting

f One-on-one discussions and review interactions

f Participation in industry forums and banking conferences

f Corporate announcements and statutory disclosures
Key interests

f Strong corporate governance and regulatory compliance

f Transparent financial and non-financial disclosures

f Stable organisational performance and prudent risk management

f Advancement of financial inclusion and priority sector objective
Translating engagement
The Bank supports regulatory
objectives through responsible
conduct, prudent risk management
and strong governance
policies. The Bank is committed
to promoting a culture of
accountability and regulatory
awareness across the organisation.
Continuous
Regulators & policymakers
Need-based

f Town halls internal communications, including webcasts, newsletters,
surveys and emails

f Leadership interactions and Management visits to branches

f Employee engagement and listening platforms, including Chatbot support

f Training, development programs, and performance appraisal discussions

f Intranet portal (My Connect) and employee communities such as Pride365
Key interests

f Career growth, learning and skill development opportunities

f Inclusive, safe, and supportive workplace environment

f Health, well-being and work-life balance support

f Flexible and hybrid ways of working

f Recognition of performance and meaningful interaction with leadership
Translating engagement
The Bank continued to strengthen
employee engagement through
structured talent and leadership
development programs, internal
mobility opportunities, and digital
learning platforms for capability
building. Focus remained on
employee well-being across mental,
physical, and financial dimensions,
supported by strong feedback and
grievance mechanisms, promotion
of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion,
use of AI-enabled tools in hiring
and learning, and structured
rewards and recognition to build a
high-performing workforce.
Continuous
Periodic
Employees
Value Creation by the Bank

f CSR initiatives and community programs implemented by Axis Bank

f Feedback through structured surveys, consultations and roundtables

f Interaction with NGOs, CSOs and development partners

f Workshops and community engagement forums
Key interests

f Financial inclusion and inclusive growth

f Access to quality education and healthcare

f Environmental sustainability and climate awareness

f Community development and social well-being
Translating engagement
The Bank continued its CSR
initiatives focusing on sustainable
livelihoods, rural access,
education, financial literacy, and
inclusion. Efforts also covered
environmental sustainability,
health and nutrition, community
welfare, sports promotion, and
humanitarian relief to support
long-term social development.
Continuous
Need-based
Communities & NGOs

f Participation in industry associations and banking forums

f Engagement with IBA and other multilateral platforms

f Interaction through conferences, seminars and industry events
Key interests

f Policy advocacy and industry representation

f Knowledge sharing and exchange of best practices

f Collaboration on sector-wide initiatives

f Alignment on emerging regulatory and industry developments
Translating engagement
The Bank actively participated
in industry platforms such as
the World Economic Forum,
IBA, CII, BCCI, FICCI, and
NASSCOM, contributing to policy
advocacy, thought leadership,
and sector consultations. IT also
collaborated on ESG, CSR, DEI,
and climate initiatives while
supporting industry standards and
responsible banking practices.
Continuous
Need-based
Industry & Peers
For more details read on page 198
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. TA K E H O L D E R E N G A G E M E N T

f One-on-one and group meetings with rating analysts

f Email correspondence and review discussions

f Submission of financial and non-financial information

f Interaction for rating reviews and instrument issuances
Key interests

f Strong financial performance and profitability metrics

f Robust governance and risk management practices

f ESG performance and transparent disclosures
Translating engagement
The Bank ensured timely
and transparent financial
and non-financial reporting,
with continued focus on
stable profitability, strong
operational performance, robust
governance, risk and capital
management, while enhancing
sustainability performance and
related disclosures.
Periodic
Need-based
Rating Agencies

f Vendor meetings and structured feedback surveys

f Techno-commercial discussions and service engagements

f Contracts, emails, calls, and periodic performance reviews

f Digital vendor onboarding and due diligence interactions
Key interests

f Timely payouts and fair contractual terms

f Transparent, ethical and long-term business relations

f ESG-aligned and responsible sourcing practices

f Regular exchange of technical and operational know-how
Translating engagement
The Bank maintained fair and
transparent partnerships by
ensuring timely payments,
adherence to agreed terms, and
compliance with the Vendor Code
of Conduct and due diligence
requirements. Focus remained
on risk and compliance checks,
building long-term trust-based
relationships, and strengthening
ESG-aligned, sustainable supply
chain practices.
Periodic
Need-based
Value Chain Partners
Value Creation by the Bank

Identifying the priorities
that shape our future
Materiality assessment helps the Bank identify and prioritise the matters
that are most relevant to its business, strategy and stakeholders, and that
may influence its performance, risk profile and long-term value creation.
In fiscal 2025, we undertook a comprehensive
double materiality assessment, evaluating both the
impact of the Bank s activities and the implications
of material matters on financial performance and
long-term resilience. The exercise involved internal
evaluation, stakeholder inputs, sector analysis, and
reference to recognised reporting frameworks. Such
detailed assessments are undertaken every three
years, with interim internal reviews to evaluate
any changes in business context, regulations or
stakeholder expectations.
In fiscal 2026, based on internal assessment and the
environment in which the Bank continues to operate,
previously identified material topics were found to
remain relevant and continue to represent the areas
of highest significance for the Bank s long-term value
creation. Accordingly, the existing set of material
matters has been retained for the reporting year.
For detailed disclosure on the materiality assessment
process, including the materiality matrix and identified
material matters, please refer to page 58 of the
Integrated Annual Report FY 2024-25, available at
axis.bank.in/annual-reports/2024-2025/pdf/Axis
Our approach to Double Materiality
Materiality Matrix
Prioritisation of
Material Matters
Financial Materiality
Impact Materiality
Identifying IROs
(Impact, Risks & Opportunities)
M. AT E R I A L I T Y A S S E S S M E N T
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Risk Management
Effective risk management strengthens the Bank s resilience and supports sustainable growth. In
an evolving financial environment, managing both traditional and emerging risks remains critical to
maintaining stability, responding to changing business and regulatory conditions.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
Re
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Strengthened cyber security oversight

f Enhanced governance around risk appetite

f Strengthened stress testing framework

f Enhanced monitoring for unsecured lending, including models

f Regulatory reporting enhancement

f Reinforced risk and compliance culture
Corporate Governance & Ethical Business Conduct
Strong governance and ethical conduct are essential to the Bank s long-term stability and
stakeholder trust. The Bank maintains high governance standards, accountable leadership
and robust oversight, while embedding integrity across operations and financing to support
transparency, responsible decision-making and sustainable value creation.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted

Stakeholders impacted
Re
N
Ra
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Zero incidents of conflict of interest

f 23% representation of women in the Board of Directors

f 61.54% Independent Directors on the Board

f >99% average attendance at Board meetings

f Retained top-tier Leadership rating in the IFC-BSE-IiAS Indian Corporate Governance Scorecard
Value Creation by the Bank

Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Strengthened compliance framework through
enhanced monitoring and improved policy governance

f Promoted compliance culture via tone-from-the-top
and targeted training programs

f Implemented continuous improvement initiatives
across policies, frameworks and processes

f Enhanced AML monitoring and EDD processes using
AI and workflow-based tracking

f Pro-active involvement of compliance in product and
policy design

f Strengthened key frameworks:

Compliance Risk Assessment (CRA)

Remedial Action Framework

Staff accountability for regulatory violations

f Strengthening first line of defence (CAROs) and
encouraging self-identification of risks and issues

f Enhanced compliance testing frameworks for
additional layer of assurance

f Established a robust Group Compliance structure for
continued oversight
Regulatory Compliance
Regulatory compliance is fundamental to the Bank s stability and long-term value creation.
Operating in a complex and evolving regulatory environment, the Bank maintains strong compliance
practices to mitigate financial, legal, and reputational risks and to ensure responsible and
sustainable operations.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
Re
E
Fraud & Money Laundering - Prevention, Detection & Mitigation
Fraud and money laundering pose material risks to customer protection, regulatory compliance,
and the Bank s reputation. As digital adoption accelerates and fraud risk patterns continue to
evolve, the Bank is expected to maintain strong, technology-enabled controls to prevent misuse
of the financial system. Ineffective management of these risks can lead to customer detriment,
financial loss, enforcement actions and erosion of stakeholder trust. We thus prioritise robust
prevention, detection, and response mechanisms across the Bank s operations to safeguard
customers, uphold regulatory standards and preserve financial system stability.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
Re
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f 633 vigilance cases processed and 588 officials were
subjected to disciplinary action during fiscal 2026

f 96.2% of eligible employees trained in AML & related
laws - KYC/AML completion
UN SDGs impacted
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. AT E R I A L I T Y A S S E S S M E N T

Privacy & Data Security
Safeguarding data privacy and information security is vital to maintaining customer
trust and operational stability. Amid rapid digitalisation, the Bank strengthens its
cybersecurity and data protection practices to mitigate cyber risks and ensure secure
and reliable operations.
Capitals impacted
UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
Re
E
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f During fiscal 2026, the Bank upheld a robust and
comprehensive data security and privacy framework
anchored by Board-approved policies, including the
Information Systems Security Policy and the Cyber
Crisis Management Plan

f Risk-based security assurance: Periodic vulnerability
assessments and penetration testing were conducted
across applications and infrastructure based on
defined risk classifications, supported by structured
governance, tracking, and remediation oversight

f Advanced monitoring & response: A 24 7 in-house
Security Operations Centre (SOC) enabled continuous
surveillance, threat intelligence integration, and
proactive incident detection and response

f Strong incident outcomes: No material cyber security
incidents, data breaches, or regulator-reportable
outages were recorded during the year. One
isolated third-party vendor incident was effectively
contained, with no impact on customer data or the
Bank s systems

f Overall, the Bank demonstrated strong cyber
resilience, effective risk management, and adherence
to regulatory expectations in safeguarding
information assets
Return on Equity & Return to Shareholders
Return on equity and returns to shareholders are key indicators of the Bank s
financial strength and capital efficiency. Sustained performance builds investor
confidence, supports prudent capital allocation, and enables long-term value creation
while managing emerging risks and meeting wider stakeholder expectations.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
Ra
Fiscal 2026 highlights
13.15%
RoE
1.45%
RoA
3.69%
NIM
0.37%
NNPA
16.42%
CRAR
14.38%
CET-1
Value Creation by the Bank

Customer Experience & Satisfaction
Customer satisfaction and experience are fundamental to the Bank s success and customer trust.
The Bank safeguards customer savings and investments through fair and transparent practices,
and continuously improves its products and services through customer feedback and effective
grievance redressal.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
Re
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Strengthened customer
experience through SPARSH by
embedding customer obsession
across touchpoints, processes
and metrics

f Retail Net Promoter Score (NPS)
at 159 (on an indexed baseline of
100 since inception of baseline, i.e.
Q1FY23)

f Focused on improving experience
outcomes and simplifying
interactions through digitisation
across branches, digital channels,
and relationship touchpoints

f Empowered employees through
Adi and Kaleidoscope, enabling
faster access to knowledge,
sharper customer context, and
more informed conversations

f Deepened leadership engagement
to ensure frontline customer
signals were translated into action
with clearer ownership

f Prioritised Senior Citizens and
NRIs through cohort-led redesign
and behavioural science-led
empathy workshops to better
understand customer friction
points and emotional expectations

f Celebrated meaningful customer
moments while building a more
disciplined, insight-led, and
digitally enabled approach to
delighting customers every day
Sustainable Finance & Responsible Banking
Sustainable finance and responsible banking strengthen the Bank s long-term growth while
supporting a sustainable future. Integrating environmental, social, and governance (ESG)
considerations into lending and investment helps direct capital to responsible sectors,
manage exposure to sensitive assets, meet the demand for responsible financing, and
support societal priorities and the transition to a low-carbon economy.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
Re
N
Ra
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f During the year, the Bank
increased its lending towards
sectors with positive
environmental and social
outcomes to ₹61,348 crores

f The Bank has actively engaged
with its value chain partners to
strengthen their ESG capacity
and capabilities.

f ₹45,511 crores Green
lending portfolio

f ~₹100,000 crores Total value
of proposals reviewed under
the ESG policy for lending in
UN SDGs impacted
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. AT E R I A L I T Y A S S E S S M E N T

Employee Engagement, Development & Well-being
Attracting, developing, and retaining talent is critical to the Bank s success, supported by
investments in learning, engagement and well-being to build a resilient, high-performing
workforce and an inclusive culture.
Capitals impacted
UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
E
Innovation & Digitalisation
Digitalisation and innovation are enhancing efficiency, customer experience, and competitiveness
by enabling streamlined operations, advanced digital offerings and secure, personalised interactions
that build trust.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
V. Re P
Fiscal 2026 highlights
~31 million
Total registered Mobile Banking users
~16 million
Mobile Banking MAU
Fiscal 2026 highlights
6.7 million+
Learning hours of employees
30.1%
Workforce diversity
7,200
Internal mobility movements
Community Engagement & Development
Community engagement helps the Bank understand local needs and deliver targeted initiatives that
drive social impact and support sustainable development.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Impacted over 21 lakh lives across India through
focused CSR initiatives

f Reached over 7 lakh households via the Sustainable
Livelihoods Program in fiscal 2026

f Established a High Performance Shooting Centre with
Lakshya Shooting Club

f Empowered 1.6 lakh women through financial literacy
programs in fiscal 2026
Stakeholders impacted
N
Value Creation by the Bank

Policy Advocacy and Thought Leadership
The Bank contributes to shaping the financial ecosystem through policy advocacy
and industry thought leadership. IT provides input at key forums, including the World
Economic Forum, SEBI, CII, and FICCI, to support the development of robust, sustainable
regulations while promoting innovation, inclusivity and resilience, in line with its
commitment to responsible governance and long-term growth.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f The Bank continues to be an active member of
several prominent industry associations, including the
Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of
India (ASSOCHAM), FICCI, CII, the Bengal Chamber
of Commerce and Industry (BCCI), and the Indian
Banks Association (IBA)

f To the best of its knowledge, either directly or
indirectly, the Bank has not made any monetary
contribution/undertaken any spending towards
any political campaign or political organisation in
Stakeholders impacted
P
Re
Ra
Financial Inclusion, Literacy & Access
Financial inclusion, literacy and access support the Bank s objective of expanding its reach
while contributing to a more inclusive economy. By improving access to financial services
and strengthening financial literacy, the Bank enables underserved communities to
participate in the formal economy and enhance their financial well-being and resilience.
Capitals impacted

Fiscal 2026 highlights

f During the year, the Bank delivered ~2,200 financial
literacy programs, launched 'FI Model Village' across
80 villages, and digitised ~1,000 SHGs to enable
cashless transactions and deepen financial inclusion
further through its CSR programs

f 14.83 lakh customers in PM Jan Dhan Yojna

f 5.75 lakh customers under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan
Jyoti Yojana

f 5.2 million women participants in microfinance
rural lending

f CSR-led Financial Inclusion and Literacy efforts
facilitated ~20,797 enrolments under Pradhan Mantri
Suraksha Bima Yojana and ~16,064 under Pradhan
Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for the rural poor
across 5 states
UN SDGs impacted
Stakeholders impacted
N
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. AT E R I A L I T Y A S S E S S M E N T

Impact of Climate Change
Climate change presents significant risks to the Bank s operations, financial performance, and the
broader economy. The Bank manages these risks by improving energy and resource efficiency across
operations, addressing physical and transition risks, and strengthening strategic and operational
resilience. IT also considers financed emissions from its lending, investments, and counterparties as
part of its climate strategy, recognising the need to mitigate climate-related risks, manage costs, and
respond to evolving regulatory and stakeholder expectations.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f 8.99 GJ/FTE energy intensity per employee

f 1,57,328 tCO2e Scope 1 & 2 emissions

f 57,007 GJ Total renewable energy consumed

f ~4.16 million trees planted

f 17,124 tCO2e emissions avoided through various
energy efficiency measures in this fiscal
Stakeholders impacted
E
Re
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Diversity, equity, and inclusion are key opportunities aligned with the Bank s core philosophy and
values, building a workplace where diverse backgrounds are represented, employees feel valued,
and equitable opportunities are available to all. Prioritising DE&I strengthens the organisation,
drives innovation and supports long-term value creation.
Capitals impacted

UN SDGs impacted
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f During the year, the Bank s overall workforce
diversity increased to 30.1%, with 37% of new hires
being women.

f Over 67% of teams have women representation

f The Bank continued to strengthen women s
participation in front-line and revenue generating
roles through the Women in Sales employee
resource group

f Axis Women in Motion continued its grassroots
engagement across towns, hinterlands and talukas,
encouraging women to participate as independent
economic entities
Stakeholders impacted
Re
E
Value Creation by the Bank

Business
Performance
Review
To know more, read our
Business Performance Review
Fiscal 2026 reflected the strength of our
franchise, with healthy growth across deposits,
credit, and digital payments, supported by
stable asset quality, prudent provisioning, and
strong capitalisation.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Business Performance Review
Business Performance Review

Fiscal 2026 was a year shaped by contrasts - persistent
global uncertainty alongside underlying domestic resilience.
The global macroeconomic environment remained complex,
marked by elevated geopolitical tensions, intermittent
supply chain disruptions, evolving trade dynamics and
continued financial market volatility. These pressures
were further compounded by currency volatility and
rising input costs, which added to inflationary risks and
created additional challenges for businesses across sectors.
Monetary policy across major economies remained finely
balanced between inflation management and growth
support, influencing capital flows and liquidity conditions
across markets.
Against this uncertain global environment, India distinctly
stood out as a relative bright spot. Strong domestic
demand, policy agility and timely interventions enabled
the economy to effectively absorb external shocks and
sustain growth momentum. Liquidity conditions remained
constructive, supported by proactive regulatory measures,
creating a stable foundation to support continued
credit expansion.
At Axis Bank, fiscal 2026 was a year of deliberate choices
as the landscape required growth to be pursued with
prudence, discipline and clarity of execution as we
tightened our risk filters, calibrated growth in certain
segments to prioritise NII growth while preserving RARoC
and increasing our efforts towards achieving efficiencies
and cost optimisation. We remained focused on building
a franchise that is resilient across cycles, profitable
through discipline rather than exuberance, and sustainable
through strong governance, technology leadership, and
people capability.
During fiscal 2026, we gained market share on total
advances and deposits, delivering y-o-y net advances
growth of 19% and y-o-y deposits growth of 14%, while
maintaining CASA ratio at 40%. The consolidated Return
on Assets stood at 1.46% and Return on Equity at 13.59%,
continue to remain healthy.
We continue to hold a leadership position across
high impact businesses such as wealth management and
digital payments, where our relationship led approach,
product innovation and execution discipline differentiate
us in a competitive landscape. Our flagship digital
platforms, open and neo , have further strengthened
their positions across Retail and Wholesale Banking
respectively, reinforcing our standing as a frontrunner in
digital transformation. Importantly, the Bank continues
to maintain a dominant position in digital payments, with
market shares of 36% in UPI, 37% in NEFT and 27% in IMPS
during fiscal 2026, reflecting both the scale of our franchise
and the robustness of our digital infrastructure.
We have crossed 6,000 branches, an expansion that not
only deepened our presence but also strengthened our
ability to serve customers across India more meaningfully
through tech enablement.
Our next chapter begins with redefining
customer obsession through proactive,
technology-led engagement
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director &
Chief Executive Officer
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. D & C E O S S TAT E M E N T

Our commitment to customer satisfaction remains
steadfast, as evidenced by our Retail Bank NPS improving
significantly since inception, and we have retained the
2nd rank in the Kantar Retail Bank Survey for the 3rd
consecutive year. This recognition is a reflection of the trust
and loyalty we have earned through consistently improving
service excellence.
Our Strategic Compass: The House of GPS
We continue to be guided by our GPS strategy on Growth,
Profitability, and Sustainability, to reimagine Axis Bank as a
stronger, more agile, and more inclusive financial institution.
This framework is not merely an articulation of priorities;
IT is the lens through which decisions are made, capital is
allocated, and trade offs are evaluated. GPS ensures that
growth is pursued responsibly, profitability is structurally
embedded, and sustainability is reinforced across
governance, technology, and culture.
During fiscal 2026, we continued to make tangible progress
across all three pillars of this framework.
Growth: Scaling with Discipline and Intent
Deposit Led Balance Sheet Expansion
The Bank s deposit franchise continues to strengthen,
anchored in a dual track strategy that combines high quality
New-to-Bank (NTB) acquisition with deeper engagement
across the Existing-to-Bank (ETB) base.
During the year, we made meaningful progress in acquiring
granular, high quality liabilities by sharpening our focus on
premium customer segments and targeted high potential
personas, including senior citizens, professionals, self
employed individuals, homemakers and women. This
strategy has translated into strong momentum across
key acquisition metrics, with premium NTB acquisitions
growing 25% y-o-y and continued traction in our salary
franchise, reflected in 38% y-o-y growth in premium salary
uploads during the year. More importantly, newly acquired
customers are demonstrating stronger balance behaviour,
with NTB average balances increasing 53% y-o-y, alongside
a 24% y-o-y improvement in products per customer.
In parallel, our ETB franchise has continued to scale
with greater consistency, driven by a clear pivot towards
deepening relationships and enhancing customer lifetime
value. Through data-driven segmentation, personalised
engagement and lifecycle-based campaigns, we are
progressively transforming transactional accounts into
more active and enduring banking relationships. Our
salary segment remains a key pillar within this strategy,
with the ETB salary book growing 18% y-o-y, reflecting
both improved wallet share within existing corporates and
continued traction in onboarding high quality mandates.
These outcomes reflect the effectiveness of our
premium led sourcing approach, supported by sharper
customer selection, tighter conversion discipline and a more
calibrated acquisition framework.
This evolution is underpinned by a
deliberate shift towards making deposits
a shared organisational priority, where
every business and function is aligned
to drive liability growth and enhance
balance quality.
Our premiumisation agenda continues to gather momentum,
with Burgundy serving as a key driver of affluent and
emerging affluent engagement. Assets under management
within Burgundy grew 14% y-o-y, Burgundy Private at 13%
y-o-y and Burgundy Private client base grew at 23% y-o-y
to 16,453 families, reflecting both strong client acquisition
and deeper wallet capture. The strength and consistency
of this proposition was further recognised with Burgundy
Private being named India s Best for Next Gen at the
Euromoney Private Banking Awards 2026 for the third
consecutive year and also honoured at PWM Wealth Tech
Awards 2026.
This momentum is being further reinforced by a
combination of digital innovation and operating model
realignment. Platforms such as Siddhi and Sparsh are
enhancing our ability to deliver personalised, insight led
propositions at scale, while improving customer experience
through more seamless and intuitive journeys.
Profitable Advances with RAROC Discipline
Fiscal 2026 saw a strong expansion of our loan book driven
by 38% y-o-y growth in the Corporate book, 24% y-o-y
growth in SME book and 8% y-o-y growth in Retail book,
with growth underpinned by a clear focus on risk adjusted
returns and maintaining disciplined underwriting,
ensuring that growth is pursued selectively and aligned
with long term franchise strength rather than near term
volume considerations.
Wholesale Banking continued its transition from a balance
sheet centric model to an integrated, ecosystem led
approach, while sustaining RAROCs in fiscal 2026 at levels
comparable to fiscal 2025 without any dilution in risk
Business Performance Review
Business Performance Review

discipline, evidenced by 91% of the corporate book being
rated A or above. Strengthened sectoral capabilities,
solution led engagement and deeper transaction banking
linkages enabled diversified, high quality growth in
resilient segments.
In the SME segment, growth was driven by sharper
customer segmentation, improved sourcing quality and
deeper use of analytics across underwriting and monitoring,
resulting in a more granular and resilient portfolio.
Notably, ~87% of incremental sanctions were to SME 3
and better rated customers, with 84% of the overall SME
book now rated SME 3 and above. This, alongside strong
diversification across sectors, loan sizes, geographies and
tenures, reflects disciplined risk selection and alignment
with our targeted risk return thresholds.
Retail advances growth remained
calibrated, balancing growth opportunities
with evolving credit cycle dynamics. The
year witnessed strong retail disbursement
momentum growing in second half of
fiscal 2026, supported by a meaningful
pickup in unsecured retail disbursements.
Across segments, our guiding principle remains clear:
growth is pursued alongside profitability, disciplined
risk management and capital efficiency, ensuring the
advances franchise scales with resilience and superior
risk adjusted returns.
At the same time, our 'One Axis' philosophy continues to
act as a force multiplier, deepening collaboration across
the Bank and its subsidiaries to deliver integrated solutions
across lending, payments, wealth, investment banking
and protection.
Our domestic subsidiaries contributed a
profit after tax of ₹2,051 crores, up 16%
y-o-y and a return on investments of
~54% in fiscal 2026.
Profitability: Anchored in structural
resilience with technology-led efficiency
During fiscal 2026, our focus remained on delivering
consistent, sustainable outcomes rather than optimising for
short term metrics.
Growth in net interest income, operating profit and fee
income was driven by a balanced interplay of deposit
quality, calibrated asset growth and relationship-led
deeper customer engagement. Fee income benefitted
from continued scale up across payments, cards, wealth
and transaction banking, further strengthening the
diversification and stability of our revenue streams, with
granular fee constituting 92% of total fees.
Enhancing cost efficiency
Cost to assets improved to 2.28%, down 18 bps y-o-y,
reflecting disciplined cost management alongside improving
scale. Importantly, these efficiencies were achieved even as
we expanded our physical footprint, adding 400 branches
during the year. Our continued investments in digitisation
and technology are now translating into tangible
operating leverage.
Sustainability: Strengthening the Franchise
for the Long-Term
Our Sustainability pillar is centred on embedding execution
discipline and resilience by strengthening governance, risk
and controls, building future ready technology and data
platforms, and investing in people and capabilities to deliver
sustainable outcomes at scale.
Resilience Through Asset Quality and
Balance Sheet Strength
Asset quality remained a clear area of strength for
the franchise, reflecting the benefits of disciplined
underwriting, proactive risk management and continuous
portfolio monitoring. Despite the implementation of
prudent application of technical parameters for recognising
slippages and consequent upgrades at the end of last fiscal,
which impacted the reported asset quality parameters
starting fiscal 2026, our core asset quality trajectory
remained firm, with GNPA improving to 1.23% down 5
bps y-o-y, and NNPA at 0.37%. As we had guided earlier,
the economic implications of the technical impact were
expected to be transitory and limited, which is now
evident - with net slippages from the technical impact
remaining negligible at just 7 bps in the quarter ending
March 31, 2026.
Our capital position remains strong, with a capital
adequacy ratio (CAR) of 16.42%, CET 1 at 14.38% as at the
end of fiscal 2026 and an additional cushion of ~53 bps
over the reported CAR, attributable to other provisions
and one-time standard asset provision aggregating
₹8,244 crores. Our capital management philosophy is based
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. D & C E O S S TAT E M E N T

on dual objective - supporting growth while preserving
downside protection.
In line with our long standing philosophy of building
resilience ahead of cycles, we took a prudent and
forward looking step during the quarter ending
March 31, 2026 by strengthening our provisioning buffer.
In response to evolving and uncertain macroeconomic and
geopolitical conditions, the Bank created an additional
one time provision of ₹2,001 crores through a calibrated
enhancement of standard asset provisions. This action
was pre emptive and strategic in nature, aimed at further
fortifying the balance sheet, without reflecting any
underlying deterioration in asset quality or emerging
credit concerns.
We continue to believe that resilience is not constructed
during favourable conditions alone but is tested and
reinforced through timely interventions during periods of
uncertainty. As a result, our balance sheet today stands
stronger, with enhanced buffers and a well calibrated
risk profile.
Technology, Data Analytics and AI as
Differentiators
A defining element of our sustainability agenda is the way
we are institutionalising technology, data analytics and AI
to create enduring competitive advantage.
Through AXIOM, our bespoke AI
operating model, we are building an
AI led, customer centric Bank that is
transforming customer touchpoints,
employee productivity and core processes
at enterprise scale.
Importantly, we are now moving decisively from pilots
to scaled deployment, with AI being applied across
- operations, call centres, software development,
customer journeys and risk decisioning anchored in
tangible outcomes.
We are already seeing meaningful impact in both
effectiveness and efficiency. In operations, we are
automating routine activities through zero ops , covering
document checks, verifications and reconciliations and
we expect AI to be embedded across 40-50% of these
operational journeys over the next 18 months. In our call
centres, AI is being used to both automate and augment
interactions, with a target to cover over 50% of calls
by fiscal 2027. In technology functions, AI is improving
productivity and turnaround time with AI assisted coding
increasingly accelerating development with appropriate
human oversight for quality and control. This has materially
compressed delivery timelines as digital journeys that
earlier took 4-5 weeks can now be generated in less than
a day, strengthening responsiveness while enhancing risk
controls such as fraud detection and underwriting.
Our progress is especially visible in collections, where
sustained investments in analytics, AI driven capabilities
and digital channels are delivering measurable, ongoing
benefits across Personal Loans, Credit Cards and Business
Loans. We are structurally reducing reliance on outsourced
collection agencies to strengthen customer contact,
governance and compliance, supported by AI bots and
score based in housing that can meaningfully reduce
agency and call centre allocations.
Equally important is our commitment to responsible AI.
Axis Bank is the only ISO 42001-certified BFSI organisation
globally, reflecting strong governance and accountability
under the world s first international standard for Artificial
Intelligence Management System. Our work has also been
recognised externally, including the Best GenAI Use Case
in Retail Banking award at the Retail Banker International
Asia Trailblazer Awards 2026. With a clear roadmap for
scale up, we expect AI to drive meaningful bottom line
impact over the next 18-24 months, through operating
leverage, productivity gains and better risk outcomes -
embedded responsibly, securely and in a manner that
supports sustainable growth.
People, Culture and Execution Excellence
While technology is a powerful enabler of productivity and
scale, we believe its full impact is realised only when IT is
paired with strong culture, capable talent and disciplined
execution. At Axis Bank, we continue to invest deeply
in building a high performance organisation - one that is
agile, inclusive and future ready. Our strengthened work
models, including hybrid and alternate formats that are
not constrained by location or schedule, are translating
into higher engagement, stronger retention and improved
productivity, particularly in digitally-enabled roles.
Business Performance Review

The strength of our talent pipeline and
the depth of capabilities we have built
over time had allowed us to consistently
fill leadership roles from within
Our people first approach has been consistently validated
through external recognition. During the year, Axis Bank
was certified by the Top Employers Institute, as the only
Indian private sector bank on the list, and was included
in the TIME Best Companies Asia Pacific list for the
second consecutive year. We were also recognised as
one of India s Iconic Workplaces by HT Mint and Deloitte,
featured among the Best Places to Work by The Hindu and
WorkL, and received the ATD Best Awards for fostering
a strategically-driven talent management culture. Our
execution excellence is further reflected in how we
continue to strengthen customer experience through
analytics led insights and seamless omnichannel delivery.
During the year, Axis Bank was recognised at the Annual
BFSI Service Quality Excellence India Summit 2026 with
the CX Data and Analytics Excellence Award and Best
Omni Channel Experience Strategy .
These recognitions underscore our belief that differentiated
customer outcomes are created when people, technology
and data operate as a unified system.
ESG and Responsible Banking
Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) considerations
are integral to Axis Bank s long term strategy, anchored in
our Purpose of building a more inclusive economy, thriving
communities and a healthier planet. As the first Indian bank
to establish a standalone Board level ESG Committee in
FY22, we have embedded strong governance with regular
oversight, ensuring alignment with global frameworks such
as the UN SDGs and India s climate commitments.
We have surpassed our sustainable wholesale lending
target ahead of schedule, reaching ₹61,348 crores, while
continuing to reduce exposure to carbon intensive sectors
and scale green financing through EV lending and solar
initiatives, complemented by on ground efforts such as
planting ~3.6 million saplings.
On the social front, we are expanding
inclusion with purpose, reaching ~2.8
million households, supporting ~5.2
million women through microfinance, and
empowering 1.62 lakh+ women through
financial literacy, while achieving 30.1%
female representation in our workforce
ahead of our fiscal 2027 target.
Our steady improvement across leading ESG benchmarks -
including an upgrade to AA in MSCI ESG ratings, inclusion
in the FTSE4Good Index for the ninth consecutive year,
improved S&P Global ESG score of 60, and a Low-Risk
rating of 18.4 by Sustainalytics - reinforces the depth of
our integration of ESG into strategy, risk management
and operations.
Areas of Distinctiveness
Sparsh
Underpinning all of this is our unwavering focus on
customers. Through our Customer Obsession initiative,
Sparsh, we are strengthening experience outcomes and
simplifying interactions through digitisation, supported by
platforms such as Adi, our Gen AI powered assistant which
has now reached 87,000+ employees with an increase of
~250% y-o-y for processing queries, and Kaleidoscope,
our real time CX engine mapping now experienced by
75,000+ employees enabling over 400% y-o-y increase in
customer interactions. Our execution excellence is further
reflected in how we continue to strengthen customer
experience through analytics led insights and seamless
omnichannel delivery.
Bharat Banking
We remain committed to building India s most profitable
Bharat Banking franchise, combining reach, relevance and
disciplined economics.
Our Bharat Banking franchise continues to evolve as a
strategic growth engine, delivering balanced expansion
while deepening our presence across the Rural and
Semi Urban (RuSu) ecosystem. During fiscal 2026, the
Bharat Banking book grew 4% y-o-y, supported by
strong disbursements of 23% y-o-y, reflecting improving
credit demand and deeper market penetration. On the
liabilities side, deposits grew a robust 13% y-o-y, with
Bharat Banking branches delivering 13% y-o-y growth in
CASA balances.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. D & C E O S S TAT E M E N T

Our strategy in Bharat Banking is anchored on moving
beyond traditional agri centric lending to capture the
end to end RuSu value chain, enabling us to drive
both asset growth and granular liability mobilisation.
Through focused market scoping, we are identifying
high potential rural and semi urban pockets and deploying
segment specific, tailored propositions to deepen customer
relationships and enhance wallet share. This approach
is enabling us to build a more diversified and resilient
Bharat portfolio.
Digital Banking
Our flagship mobile banking application, open, continues to
be among the top-rated mobile banking apps with a rating
of 4.8 on both Google Play and iOS Store, now handling
over 74% of branch service requests. With ~16 million
monthly active users and ~18 million non-Axis users across
Axis Mobile and Axis Pay, our digital reach is expanding
rapidly. We were honoured at The Asset Triple A Digital
Finance Awards 2026 for Best Mobile Banking Application
and Best Digital Customer Onboarding Experience ,
reinforcing the strength of our digital platforms and
customer journeys.
neo continues to emerge as a cornerstone
of our digital corporate and business
banking strategy, combining scale,
experience and ecosystem integration to
deliver differentiated value.
We now serve a rapidly expanding base of over 5.5 lakh,
up 45% y-o-y, alongside a growing API and partner
ecosystem, positioning neo as the digital backbone of our
Corporate Banking franchise. Customer experience remains
a key differentiator, reflected in strong app rating of 4.6
for neo for Corporates on both Google Play and iOS Store,
underscoring the intuitive, reliable and feature rich nature
of our platforms.
Complementing this, our Infiniti platform has transformed
onboarding, enabling over 60,000+ digital account
openings, while reducing turnaround times by up to 50%
through end to end digitisation and API led integration,
delivering both efficiency and transparency.
These capabilities are further reinforced by our broader
strategy of API driven digitisation, enabling scalable,
seamless and cost efficient operations. Our efforts have
also received strong external validation, including the
Infosys Finacle Innovation Award 2025 for Maximising
Customer Engagement and the Asian Banking & Finance
Award for Digital Transformation Bank of the Year.
Platforms such as Siddhi - our in house employee
super app - have evolved into a true force multiplier
for the organisation, going well beyond a conventional
productivity tool.
As an industry first platform, Siddhi
acts as an intelligent assistant for our
frontline teams by seamlessly integrating
data across multiple systems, providing
relationship managers with a unified,
insight rich view of customer needs,
enabling more timely, precise and
personalised engagement.
Looking Ahead: Disciplined Growth with
Watchful Agility
We close the year having delivered strong and consistent
outperformance across key business and financial metrics,
despite navigating an environment marked by multiple
unexpected challenges. This performance is reflected not
only in our operating trajectory but also in the confidence
reposed by the market. As we look ahead, we remain clear
that consistency of delivery is our foremost priority.
We enter the new financial year with confidence in our
strategy, strength in our balance sheet and clarity of
purpose. Our focus remains on building a high quality,
durable franchise - supported by sharpening execution
across businesses and maintaining flexibility in optimising
growth and margins. We are confident in our ability to grow
ahead of the industry, while aiming to strike an optimal
balance between growth and margins.
Above all, we remain committed to creating sustainable,
long term value for all our stakeholders, while fulfilling
our broader responsibility towards customers, employees
and the communities we serve. I would like to thank our
customers for their continued trust, our employees for their
dedication and resilience, our regulators and members of
our Board for their guidance, and our shareholders for their
unwavering support as we continue to build a stronger,
more future-ready Axis Bank.
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
Business Performance Review

Implications for the Bank

f Stable economic growth supports sustained credit
demand across segments

f Improving liquidity enhances lending capacity and
balance sheet flexibility

f Moderating inflation and stable rates support customer
affordability and asset quality

f Infrastructure and consumption-led growth provide
opportunities in retail, MSME and corporate lending
India s macroeconomic environment remained resilient in fiscal 2026, supported by stable inflation, improving liquidity,
strong digital adoption, and sustained credit demand. This stability, alongside India s strong growth momentum, supported
banking sector growth. At the same time, structural shifts in technology, sustainability, evolving regulations and workforce
dynamics continued to reshape the banking ecosystem.
Global factors

f The domestic locus of economic activity in India and the
many interventions of policymakers have largely shielded
the Indian economy though exposed to global commodity
prices, capital flows and trade cycles

f An uncertain global environment, with risks related to
trade relationships and kinetic conflicts in the Middle East,
continues to influence capital flows, trade dynamics and
investor sentiment

f Current developments imply shocks around the availability
of key resources as well as the allocation of financial capital;
elevated interest rates and tighter financial conditions in
advanced economies may lead to more selective capital
flows, with implications for emerging markets

f According to the IMF World Economic Outlook (April 2026
update), global growth is expected to remain steady but
below long-term averages at ~3% with elevated downside
risks from geopolitical tensions and financial tightening,
though with considerable downside risks if the West Asia
conflict were to drag on, reflecting persistent structural and
policy uncertainties
India economic overview

f India s GDP growth has been estimated at 7.7% for
fiscal 2026, underpinned by consumption recovery and
investments in infrastructure

f Credit growth has been strong across sectors, with
households, private sector corporates, government
enterprises, and financial institutions all driving demand

f During the reporting year, retail inflation moderated and
stayed within the RBI s target range, supporting stable
monetary policy conditions

f Apart from government spending on infrastructure,
the private sector and households also drove credit
demand, with a rising share of long-term loans signifying
capacity creation
Banking sector trends

f Non-food credit growth for fiscal 2026 strengthened to a
15% growth rate through the year, with deposit growth also
improving to around 12%

f Deposit growth improved, supported by competitive
interest rates and stable liquidity

f Inflation fell briefly below the MPC's lower tolerance band
of 4%, allowing monetary easing

f Asset quality across the banking sector remained healthy,
with controlled NPAs and improved capital buffers
Liquidity and interest rate environment

f The RBI eased rates and liquidity in cognisance of lower
inflation and expectations

f With nominal growth picking up and with working capital
demand likely to be driven by price shocks, we can safely
estimate credit growth for fiscal 2027 in excess of 14%

f Rating agency ICRA Limited has revised its projection of
credit expansion in fiscal 2026 to ₹19.5-21.0 trillion
(10.7-11.5%) upwards

f Liquidity conditions improved through targeted measures,
including adjustments in CRR and open market operations

f Stable interest rate environment supported lending growth
and margin stability
Macro Economics & Market Environment
India remained one of the fastest-growing major economies in fiscal 2026, supported by strong domestic
demand, government capital expenditure, and a robust services sector. The banking system operated in a stable
macroeconomic environment, with episodic volatility characterised by moderate inflation, steady interest rates and
improving liquidity.
Resilience built into our DNA
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
E. X T E R N A L E N V I R O N M E N T

Opportunities for the Bank

f Expand green lending and
sustainable finance solutions

f Support energy transition and
climate-aligned projects

f Drive financial inclusion in
Bharat markets

f Promote women and
MSME entrepreneurship

f Strengthen ESG-aligned investment
and financing portfolios
Climate and ESG trends

f Climate risk integration became a key priority for
financial institutions

f Regulatory emphasis on climate disclosures and ESG
reporting strengthened

f Demand for green and transition finance increased across
corporate and retail segments

f Sustainable infrastructure investments continued to
grow in India
Social inclusion landscape

f Digital banking accelerated financial inclusion across
rural and semi-urban regions

f Increased focus on supporting MSMEs, women
entrepreneurs, and underserved communities

f Financial inclusion expanded through digital banking, with
deeper penetration into semi-urban and rural markets

f Rising expectations for corporate responsibility, diversity,
equity, and inclusion
Sustainability and Social Impact
Sustainability and social responsibility remained central to India s economic and financial landscape in fiscal 2026.
This was reflected in increased regulatory focus on climate risk, greater demand for green finance, and expansion of
financial inclusion initiatives, creating new opportunities for banks to drive responsible growth.
Business Performance Review

Key technology trends in fiscal 2026

f AI adoption expanded across credit risk assessment, fraud
detection, customer service and operational processes

f Cloud-native architecture enabled scalable, secure and
agile banking platforms

f Open banking frameworks and API ecosystems facilitated
collaboration with fintech and platform partners

f Digital customer journeys became increasingly seamless
and personalised

f Cybersecurity and digital resilience gained prominence
amid rising digital adoption

f Data and analytics increasingly enabled real-time,
insight-led decision-making
Technology & Digital Transformation
Fiscal 2026 witnessed rapid advancements in digital technologies, with artificial intelligence, automation, and
cloud computing reshaping banking operations. India s leadership in digital payments and its strong technology
infrastructure continued to accelerate innovation across the financial ecosystem.
Opportunities for the Bank

f Deliver hyper-personalised
financial solutions through AI
and analytics

f Progress in CBDC (₹ pilot)
launched by RBI

f Scale digital lending and
collections platforms

f Enhance operational efficiency
through automation

f Strengthen cyber resilience and
customer trust

f Expand digital
ecosystem partnerships
Digital payments and platform growth

f India remained the global leader in real-time payments,
with UPI transactions continuing strong double-
digit growth

f Digital banking usage increased significantly across retail
and MSME segments

f Mobile-first banking became the primary mode of
customer engagement
Cybersecurity and data privacy landscape

f Rising digital adoption increased exposure to cyber threats
and data security risks

f Regulatory and legislative requirements on
cybersecurity resilience, data governance and privacy
controls strengthened

f Banks continued to invest in advanced security
frameworks, AI-driven threat detection, and real-time
monitoring systems

f Stronger push on data localisation
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
E. X T E R N A L E N V I R O N M E N T

Talent and workforce trends

f Hybrid work models became the norm post covid for
various industries

f Demand for skills in AI, data analytics, cybersecurity and
digital banking increased significantly

f Continuous learning, reskilling and leadership development
remained key priorities

f Increase in product/platform focused roles

f Focus on productivity measurement in hybrid models

f Employee well-being, diversity, and inclusion gained
greater importance

f Demand for AI governance and emerging tech skill sets
Regulatory and policy developments

f Strengthened regulations around digital lending and
unsecured credit, data protection and cybersecurity

f Enhanced guidelines on IT governance, outsourcing and
operational resilience

f Increased emphasis on ESG disclosures, sustainability
reporting and climate risk management

f Strengthened stressed asset monitoring and
resolution frameworks

f Continued focus on governance, transparency and
risk oversight

f Regulatory changes with respect to Basel III standards and
Prudential guidelines
Talent, Governance and Regulatory Landscape
The operating environment for banks in fiscal 2026 was shaped by evolving workforce expectations, increasing
regulatory complexity, and heightened focus on governance and risk management. Organisations continued to
invest in talent transformation, particularly in digital, analytics and specialised capabilities, while strengthening
compliance and governance frameworks.
Opportunities for the Bank

f Need for agile and adaptive
compliance frameworks

f Investment in future-ready talent
and leadership capabilities

f Strengthening governance, risk,
and control environments

f Enhancing transparency,
disclosures and stakeholder trust

f Leveraging technology
to meet regulatory
expectations efficiently
Business Performance Review

Relationships built on
openness and trust
Anchored to our House of GPS - Growth, Profitability and Sustainability - our strategy
remains centred on disciplined execution, customer obsession, digital leadership and
balance sheet strength. In fiscal 2026, we further sharpened the alignment between
strategic priorities, resource allocation, risk oversight, and execution to drive connected,
resilient value creation and support long-term competitiveness.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. T R AT E G Y A N D R E S O U R C E A L L O C AT I O N

Strategy continuity and sharpened focus
Since 2019, the House of GPS has anchored the Bank s strategy, providing a common framework for performance,
transformation and long-term value creation. IT has evolved with changing market conditions and growing
opportunities while remaining rooted in our core philosophy of Growth, Profitability and Sustainability.
Fiscal 2026 represents continuity with sharper connectivity and clearer alignment between:
Distinctiveness added
(2021)

f Sparsh - Institutionalising
customer obsession

f Bharat Banking - Building India s
most profitable and inclusive
RuSu franchise

f Digital leadership as an
overarching theme
Sustainability deepened
(2023)

f Deposit Mobilisation, People
Proposition, Strengthening
Assurance Culture, and Execution
Excellence as foundational enablers
Emerging technologies
embedded (2024)

f Generative and Agentic AI and
intelligent automation-led digital
platforms are positioned as
strategic multipliers
Strategic priorities
Capital deployment
Risk oversight
Measurable outcomes
Business Performance Review

Strategic positioning
Where we compete. Why IT matters. How we differentiate.
Resource allocation framework
Our resource allocation framework reflects disciplined deployment of both financial and non-financial capital in support of
the GPS strategy. Each allocation is assessed for its ability to strengthen competitiveness, improve resilience, build future
capabilities and contribute to long-term value creation.
Investments supporting future outcomes
Customer obsession
(Sparsh)
Financial Capital
Human Capital
Intellectual Capital
Manufactured Capital
Natural Capital
Bharat Banking
Digital-first One Axis
Embedded
Sustainability
Deposit mobilisation
Deepen relationships and
increase primacy
₹15,711 billion deposits + borrowings
mobilised as on March 31, 2026
16% y-o-y
E-learning and classroom based trainings
conducted; 6.7 million+ learning hours,
averaging 59.57 hours per employee
₹4,000+ crores of OPEX invested
in technology
400 branches newly opened; fostering
expansion within RuSu markets
₹5.3 billion expended in CSR programs; lending
towards sectors with positive environmental
and social outcomes ₹613 billion
Drive inclusion-led, granular
franchise expansion
Deliver seamlessly
integrated modern banking
Future-proof
franchise resilience
Fund growth with stability
and liquidity resilience

f Institutionalised feedback loops

f Service excellence as a growth lever
Enhances scalability, productivity and
digital leadership
Nurturing talent for a future-ready
workforce and strengthening Sparsh and
risk culture
Improves precision, turnaround time and
risk-adjusted growth
Expands physical network footprint
for catering underserved regions and
unlocking economic potential
Reinforces responsible growth
and resilience

f Calibrated branch expansion + digital enablement
tailored for rural India

f Unified platform and ecosystem across segments and
subsidiaries/associates

f open/neo propositions

f Strong governance culture

f ESG integration and sustainable finance scaling

f Liability-first discipline

f Calibrated pricing

f Relationship-led mobilisation
Strategic choice
Strategic intent
How we differentiate
Capital
Key investments (FY 2025-26)
Strategic linkage
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. T R AT E G Y A N D R E S O U R C E A L L O C AT I O N

Long-term value creation across stakeholders
From strategy to enduring value
House of GPS
Sustained, Consistent Financial
Outperformance
Profitability

f Structural improvement in quality of
earnings with consistent delivery

f Focus on profitability at each
business level

f Enhance cost efficiency leveraging
digitisation and technology
Growth

f Deposit Mobilisation to drive loan growth

f Driving profitable advances growth while
maintaining RAROC

f Creating multiplicative forces to build
competitive advantage
Our Core
Values
Customer
Centricity
Ethics
Ownership
Transparency
Teamwork
Sustainability

f Strengthen Governance and Culture across
risk, audit and compliance through an
integrated assurance approach

f Strong balance sheet with best-in-class asset
quality metrics and self-sustaining capital
structure to fund growth

f AI-based initiatives driving data analytics
capabilities and leadership in technology to
accelerate our distinctiveness journey

f Enhancing People Proposition and
Executional Excellence
Deliver world-class customer experience led by project Sparsh
Build India s most profitable Bharat Banking franchise
Leadership in Digital with best-in-class capabilities
Business Performance Review

A year where customer
trust drove performance
The numbers are a reflection of how customers increasingly chose Axis Bank across
their financial journeys. Growth in deposits, advances, assets and profitability
highlights the expanding role we play in supporting individuals, businesses and
institutions, while reinforcing the resilience and quality of our franchise.
Balance Sheet
y-o-y growth |
4-year CAGR
FY 2025-26
1,233,570
FY 2024-25
1,040,811
FY 2023-24
965,068
FY 2022-23
845,303
FY 2021-22
707,947
Total Advances
19%
15%
FY 2025-26
1,335,834
FY 2024-25
1,172,952
FY 2023-24
1,068,641
FY 2022-23
946,945
FY 2021-22
821,721
Total Deposits
14%
13%
FY 2025-26
528,912
FY 2024-25
478,188
FY 2023-24
459,401
FY 2022-23
446,536
FY 2021-22
370,006
Current Account and Savings Account (CASA)
11%
9%
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
FY 2022-23
FY 2021-22
Book Value Per Share
14%
15%
(₹)
FY 2025-26
204,194
FY 2024-25
178,617
FY 2023-24
150,235
FY 2022-23
124,993
FY 2021-22
115,025
Capital & Reserves and Surplus
14%
15%
FY 2025-26
1,886,850
FY 2024-25
1,609,930
FY 2023-24
1,477,209
FY 2022-23
1,317,326
FY 2021-22
1,175,429
Total Assets
17%
13%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
K. E Y P E R F O R M A N C E I N D I C AT O R S

FY 2025-26
24,457
FY 2024-25
26,373
FY 2023-24
24,861
FY 2022-23
21,933*
FY 2021-22
13,025
Net Profit
7%
17%
FY 2025-26
56,048
FY 2024-25
54,348
FY 2023-24
49,894
FY 2022-23
42,946
FY 2021-22
33,132
Net Interest Margin (NIM)
Net Interest Income (NII)
3%
14%
3.69
3.98
4.07
4.02
3.47
Profit and Loss
Interest from advances
Income from investments
Commission, exchange,
brokerage
Other interest income
Others
Rupee Earned
(%)
Interest expense
Operating expenses
Transfer to reserves
Tax
Provisions
Rupee Expended
(%)
y-o-y growth |
4-year CAGR
*Excluding exceptional items
FY 2025-26
42,817
FY 2024-25
42,105
FY 2023-24
37,123
FY 2022-23
32,048*
FY 2021-22
24,742
Operating Profit
2%
15%
FY 2025-26
78.82
FY 2024-25
85.28
FY 2023-24
80.67
FY 2022-23
71.37*
FY 2021-22
42.48
Earnings Per Share (Basic)
8%
17%
(₹)
FY 2025-26
82,179
FY 2024-25
79,605
FY 2023-24
72,336
FY 2022-23
59,089
FY 2021-22
48,353
Operating Revenue
3%
14%
(%)
Business Performance Review

Key Ratios
FY 2025-26
2.28
FY 2024-25
2.46
FY 2023-24
2.55
FY 2022-23
2.25
FY 2021-22
2.17
Cost to Asset Ratio
(%)
FY 2025-26
16.42
FY 2024-25
17.07
FY 2023-24
16.63
FY 2022-23
17.64
FY 2021-22
18.54
Capital Adequacy Ratio
(%)
FY 2025-26
13.15
FY 2024-25
16.52
FY 2023-24
18.86
FY 2022-23
18.38*
FY 2021-22
12.91
Return on Equity (ROE)
(%)
FY 2025-26
1.45
FY 2024-25
1.74
FY 2023-24
1.83
FY 2022-23
1.82*
FY 2021-22
1.21
Return on Assets (ROA)
(%)
FY 2025-26
14.38
FY 2024-25
14.67
FY 2023-24
14.20
FY 2022-23
14.57
FY 2021-22
16.34
Tier 1 Capital
(%)
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
FY 2022-23
FY 2021-22
Provision Coverage Ratio
(%)
FY 2025-26
0.37
FY 2024-25
0.33
FY 2023-24
0.31
FY 2022-23
0.39
FY 2021-22
0.73
Net NPA

(%)
FY 2025-26
1.23
FY 2024-25
1.28
FY 2023-24
1.43
FY 2022-23
2.02
FY 2021-22
2.82
Gross NPA

(%)
*Excluding exceptional items
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
K. E Y P E R F O R M A N C E I N D I C AT O R S

People
Gender Diversity
(%)
<30 years
31-40 years
41-50 years
50 years & above
Workforce by Age
(%)
**Includes amount transferred to Unspent CSR accounts to be utilised in ongoing programs in subsequent years
#Cumulatively under the Sustainable Livelihoods Program
^Out of total women in workforce
@ y-o-y growth
Fiscal 2026
69.9%
30.1%
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
FY 2022-23
CSR Spend**
FY 2025-26
2.76
FY 2024-25
2.05
FY 2023-24
1.70
FY 2022-23
1.30
Lives Impacted#
(No. in million)
FY 2025-26
56.6
FY 2024-25
56.5
FY 2023-24
52.4
FY 2022-23
54.5
Women in frontline staff^
(%)
Highlights of Subsidiaries@
16%
Domestic Subsidiaries
PAT (Profit After Tax)
19%
Axis Finance
PAT
21%
Axis Finance
Revenue from Operations
9%
Axis Capital
Revenue from Operations
5%
Axis AMC
Equity QAAUM
33%
Axis Capital
Fees from Advisory
12%
Axis AMC
Investment Management Fees
Fiscal 2025
72.3%
27.7%
Fiscal 2024
75%
25%
Business Performance Review

Over the years, Axis Bank s Retail Banking franchise has
been built with deliberate intent of expanding in scale
while steadily improving the quality of the underlying
platform, positioning Retail Banking as a long-term strategic
priority within the Bank s GPS framework. What underpins
this journey is a conscious balance: retaining traditional
strengths in relationship-led banking and distribution reach,
while materially upgrading digital execution, analytics-led
decisioning and AI-led productivity.
Fiscal 2026 marked a phase of calibrated execution for our
Retail Banking franchise. IT was effectively a tale of two
halves, where the first half of the year reflected a cautious
stance with moderated growth, particularly in certain
unsecured segments, alongside a reoriented approach
to retail liabilities, while the second half saw a broad-
based acceleration in disbursements, underpinned by the
strengthening performance of our risk frameworks, and
encouraging traction in deposits, driven by premiumisation
and deeper customer engagement. Our distribution
network continued to expand with the addition of ~400
branches during the year, taking our total footprint to
6,275 branches, with nearly half located across rural
and semi urban markets, thus reinforcing both reach
and inclusivity.
Our renewed approach towards deposits, anchored around
sharper segmentation, priority cohorts, and premiumisation
has begun to deliver early outcomes, reflected in higher
quality acquisition, deeper engagement, and improving
Becoming the primary
bank for every customer
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
balances. In parallel, our Retail lending franchise has
demonstrated steady resilience, with retail advances
constituting 55% of the loan book and registering a healthy
8% y-o-y growth. Disbursement momentum has picked
up meaningfully in the later half of fiscal 2026, following
a phase of calibrated moderation as we adopted a watchful
stance in unsecured lending.
Beyond balance sheet growth, we continue to maintain
a leadership position in our high engagement businesses,
including cards, payments, wealth management and
merchant acquiring. In digital payments, our franchise
remains among the leading players across UPI and credit
cards, underlining our centrality in customers everyday
banking journeys.
At the core of this progress is our unwavering focus on
customer experience. Our customer obsession program
continues to translate intent into measurable outcomes
by simplifying journeys, elevating service quality, and
deepening customer loyalty, with Retail NPS improving by
59 points since inception in fiscal 2023, alongside retaining
the 2nd rank in the Kantar Retail Bank Survey for the 3rd
consecutive year.
Collectively, these advancements reflect a franchise that
is not only scaling with discipline but also strengthening
in depth, thus positioning us to deliver more consistent,
relationship-led growth with greater resilience across
cycles, while progressing towards becoming the primary
banker for our customers through deeper engagement,
higher wallet share and increased product penetration.
Extending reach, elevating experience,
enabling growth
Our physical distribution network remains a fundamental
pillar of franchise strength, enabling us to operate across
712 districts in 28 states and 7 union territories - reflecting
a truly pan-India presence.
Our branch strategy is increasingly anchored around
relationship-intensive customer segments. Our
industry first innovative formats continue to set
precedence, exemplified by initiatives such as our digital
locker focused branch in New Delhi that integrates
automation, enhanced security and superior service design.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. E S S A G E F R O M T H E M A N A G E M E N T - R E TA I L B A N K I N G

Redefining the deposit strategy for
scale and quality
The Bank s deposit franchise has been anchored in
a deliberate shift towards making deposits a shared
organisational priority, with every business and function
aligned to drive liability growth and enhance balance
sheet quality. This integrated approach has strengthened
execution intensity across the franchise, ensuring that
deposit mobilisation is not siloed, but embedded within
customer acquisition, engagement and relationship
deepening across segments.
In fiscal 2026, we had reoriented our approach towards
New to Bank (NTB) and Existing to Bank (ETB) customers.
The NTB strategy is increasingly premium-led, focused
on acquiring higher-quality customer cohorts through
sharper segmentation, targeted sourcing and improved
conversion discipline.
The ETB strategy has been towards
deepening engagement and enhancing
customer lifetime value - leveraging data-
driven insights, personalised journeys, and
lifecycle-based interventions to strengthen
primacy and expand wallet share.
Our deposit journey is best understood across three key
dimensions - cost, growth and quality. Across each of
these pillars, the emphasis remains consistent: building a
granular, resilient and cost-efficient liability franchise that is
anchored in strong customer relationships and capable of
sustaining performance across cycles.
We have managed deposit costs with strong discipline
across both rate-hike and rate-cut cycles over the last 2
years, supported by timely pricing actions - particularly on
savings rates - and a calibrated mix strategy. Our continued
focus on defending CASA ratio, currently at 40%, alongside
sharper targeting of priority customer cohorts, has enabled
us to navigate competitive pricing pressures effectively
while sustaining cost efficiency and strengthening the
liability franchise.
Our deposit franchise delivered industry-leading growth,
with period-end deposits expanding 14% y-o-y while
maintaining a healthy 13% y-o-y growth on a quarterly
average basis, alongside 11% growth in CASA balances -
reflecting both strong momentum in mobilisation and
consistency in underlying balance build-up. The average
balances for the NTB customers grew 53% y-o-y, alongside
a 24% increase in products per customer, reflecting the
effectiveness of our premium-led sourcing and tighter
conversion discipline.
Unlocking higher value through affluence
and wealth expansion
Premiumisation continues to be a defining lever in
strengthening our Retail franchise, with the Burgundy
platform scaling into a comprehensive, high engagement
ecosystem for affluent and ultra high net worth clients.
Anchored in the One Axis ecosystem - spanning banking,
wealth management, asset management, investment
banking, and capital markets - we provide one of the
most comprehensive offerings in India, enabling clients
to access curated solutions across mutual funds, PMS,
AIFs, fixed income, and alternate investments through
an open architecture framework. As of March 2026, we
managed ₹6.78 trillion in wealth assets under the Burgundy
franchise, reflecting both the depth of customer trust and
the strength of our integrated proposition.
Within this, the Burgundy Private, our flagship private
banking offering, has scaled meaningfully, now managing
over ₹2.4 trillion in assets across 16,450+ families in 52
cities, including relationships with 40 of the Forbes 100
richest Indians. The franchise continues to gain global
recognition, securing India s Best for Next Gen at the
Euromoney Private Banking Awards 2026 for the third
consecutive year, alongside the Best Private Bank for
HNWIs award at The Asset Triple A Awards 2025, among
several others.
Retail Lending - growth anchored in
underwriting discipline and RAROC
Our approach to Retail Lending in fiscal 2026 remained
calibrated and firmly anchored in our RAROC-driven
framework, with a clear emphasis on the quality of cohorts
we originate rather than the pace of headline growth,
ensuring that the franchise remained well-positioned from
a risk standpoint, even as we prepared the ground for the
next phase of growth.
Encouragingly, momentum in the retail lending book began
to re-emerge in the latter part of the year. Retail advances
grew by 8% y-o-y, supported by a strong pick-up in
disbursements over the last two quarters as asset quality
trends stabilised and consumer demand remained resilient.
This recovery has been aided by a supportive interest rate
environment and favourable fiscal measures, reinforcing
consumption demand across segments. Importantly,
key portfolio indicators - including bounce rates, early
delinquencies, and collection and resolution metrics - have
Business Performance Review

continued to show sustained improvement, providing
confidence in the underlying health of the portfolio.
Growth across the segments was driven by disciplined
channel management and strengthened underwriting
guardrails. Disbursement momentum during the quarter
ending March 31, 2026 was broad-based, with home loans
growing 28% y-o-y, vehicle loans 25%, retail-agri 34%,
and personal loans 22%, alongside sustained traction in
high-growth segments such as Small Business Banking and
LAP, where the book expanded by 17% and 16% y-o-y,
respectively. We also witnessed strong momentum in gold
loans, supported by the ongoing expansion of branch-
level capabilities to scale this offering. Importantly, this
acceleration has been achieved without any dilution in risk
filters, with new vintages tracking well within guardrails and
demonstrating improving early performance trends.
Our secured portfolio continues to anchor the stability of
the franchise, accounting for 73% of the total retail loan
book. Home loans and auto loans remain largely focused
on income-stable, credit-tested customers, supported
by conservative underwriting parameters, strong bureau
checks, and a bias towards formal income segments.
Additionally, the share of ETB customers at 66% in home
loans and 47% in auto loans, highlights a significant
opportunity to deepen relationships and expand wallet
share within the existing customer base.
The unsecured business has demonstrated a steady and
calibrated recovery, where the growth remains anchored
in higher-quality segments, with ETB contribution at 79%
in personal loans and 54% in credit cards, and a strong
salaried profile constituting 100% for personal loans and
74% for credit cards.
This progress has been further reinforced by a series of
marquee partnerships across mobility, travel, and digital
platforms - partnering with Tesla as a preferred financer in
the premium EV segment, with IndiGo to enhance travel-
led engagement through co-branded offerings, and with
Google Pay to introduce India s first UPI-powered Flex
credit card - collectively strengthening our innovation
agenda and expanding our customer reach through
differentiated, technology-led propositions.
The improving disbursement trajectory and stabilising
portfolio indicators provide confidence that the retail
franchise is well-positioned for a gradual rebalancing within
the overall loan mix.
As this momentum sustains, we expect
retail lending to play an increasingly
important role in driving margins, while
maintaining our core philosophy of growth
with discipline and risk-adjusted returns.
Unlocking growth from India s rural and
semi-urban ecosystems
India s rural and semi urban markets continue to be a
critical pillar of the Bank s long-term growth strategy,
offering a compelling opportunity to deepen financial
inclusion while building a granular, resilient franchise.
Bharat Banking remains central to this vision, with a
distribution network now spans 2,924 branches, supported
by a formidable ~21,000 CSC Village Level Entrepreneurs
network and a healthy expansion across key segments
such as gold loans, tractor finance, microfinance, and
agri-linked lending. In fiscal 2026, the Bharat Banking
book grew 4% y-o-y, supported by strong disbursement
momentum of 23% y-o-y, reflecting improved credit
demand and sharper market penetration. On the liabilities
side, deposits rose 13% y-o-y underscoring the strength
of our local engagement. This growth is enabled through
a differentiated 'farm to folk' ecosystem approach,
allowing us to participate across the full rural value chain
strengthening customer engagement and wallet share,
while also making a meaningful contribution towards the
Bank s PSL objectives.
Leading India s digital payments
transformation
Digital payments have emerged as a core pillar of
our Retail strategy - driving customer engagement,
enhancing transaction intensity, and strengthening the
broader franchise.
In fiscal 2026, we strengthened our
position as one of the leading players
in UPI, with an industry-leading ~36%
market share as Payer PSP across both
value and volume, supported by best-in-
class transaction reliability with negligible
technical declines.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. E S S A G E F R O M T H E M A N A G E M E N T - R E TA I L B A N K I N G

We also continue to be among the largest players in
merchant acquiring, with a terminal market share of
~22.4%, reinforcing our reach across merchant ecosystems.
Our credit card franchise further complements this
strength, with ~16 million cards in force and a ~14% market
share, delivering 7% growth in spends and sustained
sourcing momentum.
Digital adoption across our customer base continues to
deepen meaningfully, with 98% of individual financial
transactions now conducted digitally.
In addition, our Retail franchise continues to drive
meaningful value through a strong and granular fee engine,
with Retail fee contributing ~72% and granular fee streams
accounting for ~92% of total fee. Fees from third party
products and retail cards & payments accounted for 68% of
the retail fee, reflecting the depth of customer engagement
and diversification of revenue sources.
Building a future-ready retail franchise
through technology and innovation
We continue to strengthen our execution backbone
through sustained investments in technology, innovation,
and governance-led processes, with digital banking
emerging as a key enabler of this transformation. Our
mobile banking application, Open, remains among the
highest rated in the industry, with a 4.8 rating across
major app stores, ~16 million monthly active users, and
~18 million non-Axis customers on Axis Mobile and Axis
Pay - reflecting strong adoption and trust. Today, ~66% of
customers are fully mobile-led, ~98% of transactions are
digital, and ~74% of branch service requests are fulfilled
digitally, underscoring the scale and efficiency of our
operating model.
Our proprietary platform, Siddhi, anchors frontline
productivity through a unified customer view and
structured engagement cadence, improving contactability
to ~80% and driving sharper execution.
Complementing this, the scaled
deployment of Salesforce (SFDC) across
key asset classes, including tractors
and mortgages, is delivering tangible
improvements in underwriting discipline
and turnaround times, with most of the
journeys now supporting digital onboarding
with eKYC, eNACH, eSign and eStamp.
The Bank s Customer Obsession initiative, Sparsh ,
continues to institutionalise a 'listen-act-improve'
operating cadence across journeys, products, and channels,
supported through our AI-led platforms such as Adi and
Kaleidoscope, where the interaction volumes increased
3.5x and 5.2x y-o-y, respectively, thus enhancing decision
support and enabling proactive customer engagement
at scale.
Despite rapid digital adoption, we
continue to strengthen cyber security
and governance through industry first
initiatives - including Aadhaar Face
Authentication for secure, self-service
mobile updates, the Safety Centre
enabling real-time customer-controlled
security, and the Lock FD feature
to safeguard deposits - reinforcing
trust and resilience across our digital
banking ecosystem.
India s long-term consumption and financialisation
trajectory remains compelling, and the next phase of our
Retail Banking journey will be defined by sharper execution,
deeper customer primacy, and technology- and AI-led
transformation. We will continue to enhance productivity
and operational efficiency through intelligent automation,
while elevating service quality through data-driven,
personalised engagement. As we scale with discipline -
balancing growth with resilience and strong governance -
we remain focused on building a future-ready retail bank
that delivers superior customer outcomes and sustainable,
risk-adjusted returns across cycles.
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
Business Performance Review

Guided by our customer-first philosophy and by leveraging digital innovation, our Retail
Banking segment continued to strengthen its franchise across India in fiscal 2026. Through a
robust branch network, seamless digital journeys and tailored financial solutions, we achieved
sustainable growth across deposits, lending and payments while advancing financial inclusion.
Growth powered by innovation
and customer centricity
Retail Banking remains a core growth engine
for the Bank, supported by a strong deposit
franchise, disciplined lending expansion, and
a rapidly scaling digital payments ecosystem.
During fiscal 2026, we deepened customer
engagement across urban, semi-urban and
rural India by closely integrating our robust
distribution network with digital-first journeys.
Continued investments in payments, digital
banking and wealth solutions helped strengthen
long-term customer relationships and accelerate
the expansion of the retail franchise.
Material issues linkage
M1
M2
M6
M7
M9
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - R E TA I L B A N K I N G

Retail Banking continues to evolve beyond transactional
banking into a more integrated, relationship-led franchise
built around customer relevance, convenience and everyday
engagement. As customer behaviours become increasingly
digital and experience-driven, the Bank is strengthening
how customers interact, transact, borrow, invest and
manage money across life stages.
The franchise continues to benefit from the convergence of
distribution, data, technology and product ecosystems.
This is enabling more contextual engagement, deeper
customer relationships, and greater operating agility across
a highly diversified retail portfolio.
In fiscal 2026, the Retail Banking franchise further
strengthened its focus on improving customer journeys,
deepening ecosystem participation, and building a more
scalable and digitally integrated retail banking platform.
Our Retail growth model
Granular deposit
franchise
Strengthening salary
relationships and
premium segments while
scaling digital onboarding
to expand stable
retail deposits
Digital-led
customer
engagement
Enhancing payments
ecosystems, digital
servicing, and seamless
banking journeys
Disciplined retail
lending
Expanding retail lending
with strong risk
discipline and diversified
product offerings
Premiumisation &
wealth growth
Deepening affluent
and private banking
relationships
through specialised
advisory and curated
investment solutions
Fiscal 2026 highlights
16%
Term deposit
8%
Retail loan book
40%
CASA ratio
13%
Burgundy Private
AUM y-o-y growth
4th
Largest issuer of
credit cards
72%
Share in total fee
₹44,869 crores
Credit card book
4% y-o-y
I6,735 billion
Retail advances
(55% of total advances)
Retail Banking at a glance
Business Performance Review

Retail lending
Retail lending serves as a powerful catalyst for growth,
inclusion and opportunity across all customer segments.
Each loan empowers individual aspirations, whether for
homeownership, education, business expansion or access
to essential credit. Throughout fiscal 2026, our focus
remained on building a high-quality, digitally enabled,
diversified franchise through disciplined sourcing, improved
portfolio quality, and an expanded market presence across
mortgages, consumer loans and vehicle finance.
Advancing towards fully digital, AI-enabled lending journeys
The Bank is accelerating its transition towards seamless, end to end, AI enabled digital journeys
across retail lending, with fully digital Personal Loans, AI led Home Loans to reduce turnaround time,
and a simplified 7 click Insta Car Loan process enhancing speed and convenience.
Driving sharper sales execution through Siddhi
The Bank is strengthening sales and branch execution through Siddhi, a digitally-enabled,
analytics driven mobile app, supported by a segmented engagement program to enhance Personal
Loan conversions and a unified planning framework to drive discipline, productivity and consistency.
Strengthening ETB sourcing and improving channel stickiness
The Bank is refining its ETB sourcing models to deepen engagement, enhance retention, and improve
conversions through tailored offerings and targeted campaigns, while leveraging its Bharat Banking
network to increase proprietary sourcing and drive asset penetration.
Enhancing product propositions in high-yield segments
Product propositions are being revamped to enhance competitiveness in high yield, high growth
segments, supported by policy refinements in Loan Against Property and Used Vehicles , and a
comprehensive restructuring of the affordable housing offering to strengthen market positioning and
drive incremental growth.
Strategic drivers of retail lending
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - R E TA I L B A N K I N G

Key retail lending products
Home loans
Loan against property
Affordable housing loans
Lease rental discounting
Personal loans
Education loans

Loan against securities

Overdraft against fixed deposits
Overdraft against salary
Car loans
Two-wheeler loans
Commercial equipment loans
Commercial vehicle loans
Supply chain finance
Unlocking liabilities through asset-led customer journeys
Retail deposit mobilisation is being strengthened by integrating savings account origination into
the loan journey and leveraging key touchpoints such as mortgage and vehicle financing to enable
effective cross selling and deepen customer relationships.
Re-engineering processes to improve oversight and customer experience
Internal processes have been revamped to strengthen fraud controls, enhance assurance and reduce
customer friction through Straight Through Processing (STP) journeys, green channel decisioning and
automated onboarding checks, improving the safety and reliability of unsecured lending.
Retail deposits
Retail deposits sustained their strong momentum during
fiscal 2026, driven by robust customer acquisition, seamless
digital journeys, and deeper engagement with premium and
salaried customer segments. This was reflected in a higher
share of wallet and deepening customer engagement.
Together with strengthening the salary account franchise,
digital innovations such as Fixed Deposit (FD) booking via
WhatsApp and the Lock FD feature enhanced customer
convenience and security, reinforcing trust in the Bank s
digital deposit platforms.
I3,441 billion
MEB Savings deposits
11%
Savings deposit
~14%
Salary upload*
~26%
Premium salary acquisition
(no. of accounts) y-o-y growth
*Cumulative salary credits in corporate salary customer accounts
Business Performance Review

acquisition and delivering segment-specific propositions
aligned to diverse customer needs, thereby enhancing
overall engagement. Beyond transactions, we also offer a
sophisticated digital experience, enabling real time controls,
effortless account management, and self-service, allowing
customers to manage their card relationships seamlessly.
Portfolio coverage across global payment networks and key
merchant partnerships ensures universal acceptance, while
continuous product refresh and offerings help us remain at
the forefront of a dynamic payment environment.
16 million+
Total credit cards in force
~14%
Market share of cards in force
₹2,432 billion
Annual card spends
₹4,466 billion
Merchant throughput
26 lakhs+
Merchant terminals
22%
Terminal market share
Merchant acquiring
Merchant acquiring remains a vital part of the Bank s
payments ecosystem, enabling merchants across various
segments to accept digital payments seamlessly. During
the year, the Bank introduced the All-in-One Soundbox ,
a versatile solution that supports both UPI and card
payments and provides multilingual audio alerts. Beyond
simple payment processing, we offer integrated banking
services, including deposits, lending, and third-party
products, helping merchants consolidate their financial
relationships with the Bank. We have also improved our
payment gateway by adding payout features and building a
robust omnichannel payment platform for merchants.
Digital-led payments
Cards and Payments form a key pillar of the Bank s retail
engagement strategy, underpinning everyday payments,
merchant transactions, and customer loyalty. The Bank
offers a diversified portfolio of proprietary and co-branded
credit cards supported by digital issuance, real-time
controls and self-service capabilities.
The franchise is anchored in three core strengths: a varied
card portfolio tailored to diverse customer segments, a
scaled merchant-acquiring platform with integrated banking
solutions, and a strong presence within the UPI ecosystem.
These capabilities enable the Bank to participate in various
payment use cases, driving sustained engagement and
increasing customer lifetime value.
Credit cards
The Bank offers a broad suite of proprietary and
co branded credit cards tailored to a wide range of
customer segments. The portfolio is designed to address
diverse customer needs - from daily payments and credit
access to bespoke rewards and lifestyle propositions. The
launch of IndiGo, SuperMoney, and Google Pay Flex co-
branded credit cards reflects our focus on strengthening
partnerships and expanding customer reach. By leveraging
strong partner ecosystems, we are driving customer
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - R E TA I L B A N K I N G

UPI and digital payments
The Bank has established a strong presence across the UPI
ecosystem through partnerships with leading third-party
application providers. UPI transactions continue to play
a key role in expanding the Bank s digital engagement,
enabling the Bank to integrate seamlessly into customers'
everyday financial lives through high-frequency payment
use cases. During the year, the Bank rolled out biometric
authentication to enable seamless authorisation of low-
value UPI transactions, introduced UPI Reserve Pay
to support single fund block multiple debit constructs
for merchants, and launched Banking Connect - an
interoperable net banking platform.
Digital Currency (CBDC)
During the year, we continued to strengthen our leadership
in the RBI s Central Bank Digital Currency ecosystem by
driving customer adoption and pioneering innovative use
cases. We launched an improved CBDC mobile app with
a refined interface and streamlined payment journeys to
improve the user experience and simplify payments.
The Bank was nominated for four launches at the Global
Fintech Festival in Mumbai, led by senior RBI and Bank
officials. Additionally, we were invited by the RBI to
showcase CBDC use cases at the Singapore Fintech
Festival, making Axis Bank the only private bank among
the four selected from a pool of 19 banks, highlighting our
expertise in digital currency innovation.
We were also the first to enable user-level programmable
CBDC issuance for customers of other banks, expanding
interoperability within the Digital Rupee ecosystem.
7 lakhs+
CBDC users
~1.46 crores
Total transactions processed
~21,500
Average daily transactions
36.2%
UPI market share
(Payer PSP)
21.1%
UPI acquiring
market share
Elevating customer experience
through digital journeys
Digital channels have become the primary
interface for customers across cards and
payments, making journeys faster, simpler and
more convenient. Intuitive interfaces, self-service
capabilities and assisted digital models are helping
reduce manual intervention while delivering a
seamless and consistent experience.
Business Performance Review

Wealth management and global banking
Forex and cross-border remittances
The Bank improved its cross-border remittance services
by leveraging digital innovations and superior operational
efficiency. Customers can now upload documents for
inward remittances online, enabling faster processing and
eliminating the need to visit branches. Furthermore, we
solidified our position as a digital pioneer by becoming one
of the first to adopt the CCIL FXRetail platform integration
with Bharat Connect. This milestone enables customers to
purchase US dollars digitally through leading applications.
~47,000 crores
Forex transaction volume
3 lakhs+
Active customers
Wealth management
The Bank provides curated investment solutions across
diverse asset classes, catering to the unique needs of
HNIs, UHNIs, NRIs, and the emerging affluent. Our digital
ecosystem, anchored by the open by Axis Bank app and the
NextGen portal, enables a seamless investing experience
and deepens client interaction. Dedicated wealth managers
and investment counsellors offer specialised insights,
crafting portfolios aligned with clients aspirations and
risk appetite. Our affluent banking franchise continues
to scale through a network of relationship managers and
wealth specialists across more than 350 branches across
a wide geography, including Tier II and Tier III markets,
bringing sophisticated advisory services to India s emerging
economic hubs.
₹6.78 trillion
Wealth AUM
29%
Wealth AUM CAGR since March 2020
3.8
Products per client
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - R E TA I L B A N K I N G

Awards
India s Best for Next-Gen at the
Euromoney Global Private Banking
Awards 2025
Best Private Bank for HNWIs
Award at the Asset Triple A
Awards 2025
Outlook
Retail Banking priorities
for fiscal 2027
The Bank will continue to
strengthen its Retail Banking
franchise in the following ways:

f Expansion of granular retail deposits

f Disciplined retail lending growth

f Deeper digital payments engagement

f Innovation in digital currency and
payments ecosystems

f Expansion of affluent and wealth
management capabilities
Through these measures, the
Bank will continue to future-proof
its retail franchise and ensure a
superior, integrated experience for
its customers.
Business Performance Review

Fiscal 2026 began amidst concerns around the potential
impact of global tariff actions and trade realignments.
However, India remained resilient through the year,
supported by improving corporate balance sheets, healthy
domestic demand, selective revival in private capital
expenditure and expanding trade linkages with key global
partners. This created a conducive environment for
high-quality credit growth, deeper client engagement and
stronger transaction flows across the corporate ecosystem.
Supported by these underlying tailwinds, our Wholesale
Banking franchise delivered a year of strong, disciplined
performance, underpinned not just by scale, but also by a
decisive shift in the quality of our growth. We are steadily
transitioning from a pure lending led model to a more
relationship-centric, ecosystem-driven franchise, where
depth of engagement, breadth of solutions, and client
primacy define outcomes.
Over the past few years, we have strengthened our
organisational architecture to seamlessly integrate asset
and liability capabilities, enabling more holistic and
enduring client relationships. This evolution is further
reinforced by our commitment to delivering a full-suite
digital ecosystem to our clients, anchored not only in
platforms such as neo, but extending across best-in-class
corporate salary propositions and differentiated digital
solutions tailored for SMEs and corporates. Together, these
capabilities are transforming how we engage, transact, and
scale with our clients.
The impact of this transformation is now clearly reflected
in our performance metrics. Our Corporate book grew
38% y-o-y, of which the Mid-Corporate book grew 33%
y-o-y, while the SME book expanded by 24% y-o-y,
underscoring the strength and breadth of our franchise
across segments. Overall, the Small Business Banking,
SME, and Mid-Corporate businesses together grew 24%
y-o-y and now constitute 24% of total loans, an increase
of ~845 basis points over the past five years, highlighting
a sustained shift towards a more granular, diversified, and
resilient portfolio mix. This growth has been complemented
by stronger liability depth, a rising contribution from fee-
based income, sharper execution capabilities, and improved
capital efficiency.
Overall, this progress has been achieved alongside a
continued improvement in earnings quality, anchored in a
RAROC-led framework, rigorous pricing discipline, sectoral
selectivity, deeper One Axis synergies and unwavering
adherence to risk guardrails, thus positioning the franchise
for structurally superior and sustainable performance.
Scaling with quality, anchored in discipline
Our growth in Wholesale Banking continues to be firmly
anchored in disciplined risk and return frameworks, with
no compromise on underwriting standards. The Wholesale
We are evolving into a relationship-centric,
ecosystem-led banking franchise
Neeraj Gambhir
Executive Director
Vijay Mulbagal
Wholesale
Banking Coverage
& Sustainability
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. E S S A G E F R O M T H E M A N A G E M E N T - W H O L E S A L E B A N K I N G

book s RAROC in fiscal 2026 remained consistent with
fiscal 2025, reflecting our ability to grow while preserving
return integrity. This has been achieved alongside a high-
quality corporate portfolio, with 91% of the book rated A-
and above, and 68% rated AA- and above, underscoring our
continued bias towards stronger credits.
Even in the SME segment, growth has been within our risk
filters. Approximately 87% of incremental sanctions during
the year were extended to SME-3 and better-rated clients,
with 84% of the overall SME rated book being SME-3
and better. This reinforces our commitment to building
a granular yet high-quality portfolio, where expansion is
guided by underwriting rigour, portfolio intelligence, and
disciplined risk selection.
Our fee performance further complements this quality-led
growth framework. Wholesale Banking fees for the full year
grew by 10% y-o-y, while contributing 28% to the Bank s
total fee income. Within this, transaction banking fees,
constituting 71% of Wholesale fees, grew by 8% y-o-y,
reflecting the increasing depth of client engagement and
flow-based revenues. Credit fees, which account for 25%
of the Wholesale fee pool, witnessed robust growth of 19%
y-o-y during the year.
Building a scaled and resilient SME franchise
India s SME sector is undergoing a structural
transformation, with rapid formalisation driving improved
resilience, stronger governance, and a sustained expansion
in credit demand.
Aligned to this opportunity, we have built a consistent and
scalable SME franchise, and we are now progressing with
a clear ambition to establish industry leadership in this
segment. Today, SME represents one of the most profitable
businesses within the Bank, supported by strong Priority
Sector Lending alignment and a balanced risk-return profile.
Our approach to SME banking is anchored in combining
data-driven credit decisioning with simplified product
constructs and increasingly digitised operations, enabling
both faster growth and enhanced customer experience.
We have strengthened the underwriting framework by
leveraging not just the SME rating model but also the large
corporate model, with ~32% of the SME portfolio assessed
using large corporate framework given the large turnover,
while maintaining a strong 86% alignment with PSL priority
sector lending requirements. Further, the portfolio is
well-diversified across geographies, sectors and loan size,
building resilience and reducing concentration risk thus
enabling the business to continue to scale on sustainable
basis across cycles.
We continue to augment this foundation with a robust
early warning and monitoring architecture, incorporating
real-time internal and external data signals along with
transaction-level monitoring. These capabilities provide
enhanced visibility into portfolio behaviour, enabling
proactive risk identification and timely intervention where
required. As a result, the SME portfolio remains well within
the Bank s defined risk guardrails, supported by strong
asset quality metrics with a GNPA of 0.68% and NNPA
of 0.23%.
Our efforts in building a differentiated and digitally-enabled
SME proposition have also been recognised through
multiple industry accolades, including the BFSI Service
Quality Excellence Awards 2026 for Best Omni-Channel
Experience Strategy, recognition at the Bharat Fintech
Summit 2026 for Digital Innovation in MSME through
Merchant Cash Advance solutions, as well as Financial
Inclusion Organisation of the Year for the MSME segment,
alongside wins at BFSI Confex and Awards.
Unlocking liability depth through integrated
client coverage
A defining strategic shift during the year has been the
enhanced focus on deposits as a core pillar of relationship
building, with a deliberate move to bring corporate
liabilities under the lens of Wholesale Banking coverage.
This integrated approach allows us to leverage a single
client relationship more effectively, extending beyond
lending into current accounts, corporate salary, and broader
transactional flows, thereby strengthening our positioning
as a primary banker.
As a result of this strategic alignment, we have witnessed
encouraging traction across key liability metrics, including
a strong 11% y-o-y growth in current accounts. Our
corporate salary franchise has also seen significant
momentum, with a 38% y-o-y growth in premium salary
uploads within the New-to-Bank (NTB) segment,
supported by a 25% growth in premium acquisitions.
These trends underscore the effectiveness of our
ecosystem-led approach in deepening engagement and
enhancing liability capture.
We have continued to expand current account
relationships while deepening engagement through greater
adoption of digital platforms across payments, collections,
trade, forex, and tax ecosystems, including increased
GST-linked flows among Existing-to-Bank customers.
Focused efforts to enhance current account Infinity
adoption are further driving higher float balances and
stronger transaction velocity.
Business Performance Review

Building a market-leading Transaction
Banking franchise
Our evolution into a leading transaction banking franchise
continues to accelerate, with scale, depth, and client
relevance strengthening in tandem. We have significantly
enhanced our capabilities across payments, collections,
cash management and trade, supported by continuous
investments in product innovation and client-centric digital
interfaces. This is reflected in our leadership across key
payment ecosystems, with a 37% market share in NEFT and
27% in IMPS by volume, 8.5% share in RTGS by value, 7.4%
in GST payments, 16% share in Bharat bill payment systems
(BBPS) by value, and 11% share in Foreign Letters of Credit
during fiscal 2026.
This growing scale is not merely a measure of market
presence, but a reflection of our increasing embedment
in the day-to-day operating flows of our clients. As we
deepen our participation across these transaction corridors,
we are building a structurally stronger annuity engine,
with transaction-led engagement translating into higher
fee generation.
Leading in debt capital markets with scale
and consistency
Our capabilities span the full lifecycle of debt markets from
structuring and origination to placement and secondary
market liquidity, allowing us to deliver comprehensive
solutions across varying market conditions. We have
continued to strengthen our leadership position in India s
fast-evolving corporate bond market, reinforcing us
as a trusted partner to issuers and investors alike. We
have consistently built scale and relevance across the
debt capital markets ecosystem, underpinned by deep
market insights, strong client relationships and superior
execution capabilities.
In fiscal 2026, our position further strengthened with a
market share of 17% in placement and syndication of debt
issues, up from 14% in fiscal 2025, reflecting both increased
deal flow and deeper client engagement. This momentum
builds on our continued recognition as the No. 1 arranger
for rupee-denominated bonds, as per the Bloomberg league
tables, underscoring our leadership in primary issuances.
These achievements reflect not just market share gains, but
the growing trust placed in the Bank as a preferred partner
in debt capital markets. As corporate funding requirements
evolve and markets deepen, we remain well-positioned to
capture opportunities by combining execution excellence
with an integrated 'One Axis' approach, thus further
expanding fee pools, strengthening client relationships, and
reinforcing our leadership in this critical segment.
Driving the next phase of growth through
AI and platformisation
We are steadily building digital and AI capabilities across
our Wholesale Banking franchise, embedding intelligence
across the client lifecycle to enhance decision-making,
customer experience and productivity. From lead mining
and Gen AI-driven engagement to AI-assisted onboarding,
fraud detection, and credit underwriting through decision-
support tools, we are making our processes faster, sharper
and more scalable. On the servicing side, data-led insights
are improving cross-sell effectiveness and deepening client
relationships, while strengthening risk visibility across
the portfolio.
Built on this foundation, neo continues to emerge as a
cornerstone of our digital corporate and business banking
strategy, combining scale, experience, and deep ecosystem
integration. We now serve over 5.5 lakh customers,
supported by an expanding API and partner ecosystem
that positions neo as the digital backbone of our Corporate
Banking franchise. Through partnerships with Enterprise
Resource Planning (ERP) platforms such as Tally and Zoho,
and enterprise integrations via neo Connect with systems
like SAP, clients can seamlessly transact and manage
workflows within their native environments - enhancing
convenience and stickiness. Customer experience remains
a key differentiator, with 'neo for Corporates' app ratings
of 4.6 across both Play Store and iOS Store. Our Infiniti
platform has enabled over 60,000 digital account openings,
reducing onboarding turnaround times by up to 50%
through end-to-end digitisation since the launch.
Together, our AI-led capabilities, neo platform, and
innovation-driven product suite are enabling a connected,
intelligent and scalable digital franchise by driving superior
customer outcomes, improving efficiency and supporting
sustainable, future-ready growth.
Way forward: Scaling a future-ready,
ecosystem-led franchise
As we look ahead, we remain mindful of a dynamic
macroeconomic landscape where global uncertainties and
domestic opportunities will continue to coexist. The 'One
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. E S S A G E F R O M T H E M A N A G E M E N T - W H O L E S A L E B A N K I N G

Axis' model will continue to deepen wallet share and
unlock ecosystem value through coordinated engagement,
while Corporate Salary will serve as a strategic moat -
extending client relationships into broader ecosystems and
strengthening liability ownership.
The Wholesale Banking franchise is undergoing a
fundamental shift from a balance sheet-led model to one
that is ecosystem-driven, relationship-centric, and digitally
enabled, where scale is complemented by depth, and
growth is reinforced by resilience, as we continue to invest
strategically in technology and product capabilities to build
best-in-class digital platforms and product suite for this
franchise. We are confident that this strategy positions us
to deliver sustainable, high-quality growth while building
a future-ready franchise. Our aspiration remains to be
the most trusted banking partner to corporate India by
combining scale with discipline, innovation with integration
and growth with enduring value creation.
Neeraj Gambhir
Executive Director
Vijay Mulbagal
Wholesale Banking
Coverage & Sustainability
Business Performance Review

The Bank s Wholesale Banking franchise
partners with India s most dynamic
enterprises across industries, enabling
growth, transformation, and resilience
through economic cycles. Through our
integrated 'One Axis' approach, we
seamlessly blend lending, transaction
banking, treasury, capital markets, advisory,
and digital solutions to serve corporates,
financial institutions, MSMEs, infrastructure
developers, and new-age businesses.
Enabling enterprise growth
with confidence
Through our integrated financial solutions, including lending, transaction banking,
treasury, and capital markets capabilities, we partner with businesses throughout
their growth journeys, enabling them to expand, manage risk, and unlock new
opportunities. Anchored in long-term relationships and digital innovation, we
continue to power sustainable enterprise growth, creating sustained value for
clients and the broader economy.
Material issues linkage
M1
M2
M6
M7
M12
Capital linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - W H O L E S A L E B A N K I N G

As India enters a new phase of investment-led growth,
driven by infrastructure expansion, manufacturing
resurgence, and energy transition, Axis Bank remains
dedicated to being a trusted financial partner, fuelling the
nation s enterprise ecosystem.
Our coverage model combines relationship banking with
sector expertise, digital capabilities, and disciplined risk
management. This approach allows us to support clients
through the entire lifecycle, from growth financing and
trade facilitation to treasury solutions, capital raising, and
employee banking.
In fiscal 2026, the Wholesale Banking franchise further
advanced its transition from a traditional balance sheet
led model to a transaction focused, ecosystem driven
approach, deepening liabilities, expanding annuity
revenues, and strengthening portfolio resilience.
45%
91%
Share of corporate advances
to clients rated A-and above
10% | 11%
y-o-y growth in CA deposits on QAB | MEB
₹4,938 crores
Transaction Banking revenue
~₹613 billion
Incremental financing to sectors
with positive E and S outcomes
0.09%
Wholesale Net NPA
₹1,848 billion
Current Account Deposits MEB book
₹6,933 crores
Fee income
Client segments served
MSMEs across
industry clusters
Multinational
Corporations
Real Economy
Financial Institutions
Start-ups and
Technology Companies
Wholesale Banking at a glance
Public Sector
Undertakings
Large Corporates
& Conglomerates
Business Performance Review

Wholesale Banking strategy
The Bank s Wholesale Banking strategy focuses on strengthening sector expertise, expanding
transaction banking, scaling digital capabilities and maintaining disciplined risk management.
Key pillars of the Wholesale Banking strategy
Ecosystem-led corporate coverage
The Bank continues to deepen engagement across
corporate ecosystems by providing integrated
financial solutions, including lending, trade finance,
forex, treasury products, structured solutions,
and transaction banking. By embedding banking
services into corporate value chains, the Bank
fosters client loyalty while increasing wallet share.
This helps broaden fee income opportunities
across key sectors, including manufacturing,
infrastructure, logistics, healthcare, renewables,
and technology.
Liability-led and transaction-driven
growth
The franchise continues its shift toward
transaction-intensive banking, expanding cash
management, trade finance, and forex flows while
deepening relationships with corporate liabilities.
While supporting clients with integrated financial
solutions throughout their operating cycle, this
strategy boosts the Bank s annuity income streams
and improves balance sheet stability.
Digital-first Corporate Banking
Technology remains central to the Wholesale
Banking transformation. API-enabled connectivity,
host-to-host integrations, digital onboarding
journeys, and analytics-driven insights are
increasingly integrated into corporate workflows.
These capabilities improve turnaround times,
enhance transparency, and boost operational
efficiency for clients, while supporting the Bank's
scalable growth.
Risk-disciplined portfolio management
Wholesale Banking growth is supported by strong
risk governance, including portfolio analytics, early
warning systems, and calibrated underwriting
frameworks. These capabilities enable the Bank to
sustain asset quality while proactively managing
sectoral and macroeconomic volatility.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - W H O L E S A L E B A N K I N G

Opportunities and risks
Fiscal 2026 witnessed strengthening corporate balance
sheets, increasing private capital expenditure and sustained
public investment.
Key opportunities

f Expansion under Make in India and Production Linked
Incentive (PLI) schemes

f Investments in infrastructure and renewable energy

f Growth in digital infrastructure

f Increasing demand for trade and working
capital solutions
Key risks

f Global geopolitical uncertainty

f Interest rate volatility

f Competitive intensity in large corporate lending

f Sector-specific stress pockets
The Bank continues to address these through disciplined
exposure management and proactive portfolio monitoring.
Segment performance
Wholesale Banking Coverage Group (WBCG)
The Wholesale Banking Coverage Group plays a key role
in serving mid and large corporates, financial institutions,
infrastructure companies, startups, and conglomerates
across India. By combining lending, liabilities, treasury,
trade, capital markets and digital solutions, WBCG provides
comprehensive financial services that support clients across
every stage of the enterprise journey.
Key focus areas in fiscal 2026

f Expanding ecosystem-based corporate engagement

f Increasing non-credit income through
transaction banking

f Enhancing digital corporate journeys

f Strengthening portfolio intelligence and risk monitoring

f Customer obsession through dil se open-focused efforts
on faster execution, segment specific playbooks and
stronger service governance reinforced trust and
responsiveness across client relationships

f Talent, culture and productivity capability building,
employee mobility and analytics driven portfolio
management enhanced productivity and supported
a future ready workforce aligned with the Bank s
organisational priorities
I4.13 lakh crores
WBCG Advances
38%
33%
~800
New-to-Bank
credit relationships
Business Performance Review

Commercial Banking Group (CBG)
The Commercial Banking Group is a key driver of the
Bank's growth, providing tailored financial solutions to
MSMEs nationwide, including lending, trade and forex
services, liabilities and transaction banking-based offerings.
The Group s focused strategy is to combine distribution
strength with tailored solutions and differentiated
engagement models to unlock the full potential of India s
MSME ecosystem.
With a consistent focus on devising customer-centric
solutions, CBG continues to expand and diversify its
distribution footprint by leveraging alternative channels
and partnerships, enabling wider reach and faster
₹1.47 lakh crores
CBG Advances
24%
2.6 lakhs+
New client additions
12%
Key focus areas in fiscal 2026

f Expanded innovative MSME financing (merchant cash
advances, rooftop solar, NTB digital loans)

f Adopted sector and cluster-led approach to deepen
MSME ecosystem engagement

f Enhanced targeted outreach, branding and marketing to
build a differentiated franchise

f Launched 'Digital Evolve' to strengthen MSME
engagement and digital positioning
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. U S I N E S S S E G M E N T P E R F O R M A N C E - W H O L E S A L E B A N K I N G

Treasury and Markets
The Bank s Treasury and Markets franchise remains a
key contributor to balance sheet optimisation, client risk
management, and capital market intermediation, offering
a diversified suite of services across forex, derivatives,
debt capital markets, and loan syndication. Through
neo for Markets , Treasury Sales delivers structured risk
management solutions to corporate clients, while trading
desks continue to act as active market makers supporting
liquidity. The Loan Syndication desk facilitates credit
distribution and portfolio diversification across domestic
and international markets.
Ranked #1
Arranger for rupee-denominated bonds as per
Bloomberg League Table
Top arranger - Investors' Choice for primary issues
and Top Sell side firm in the Secondary Market
Outlook
For Wholesale
Banking segment
The Bank s Wholesale Banking
franchise will continue to focus on
profitable and sustainable growth
while supporting India s next phase
of economic expansion.
Key priorities

f Deepening liability-led growth: Expanding
transaction banking and corporate cash
management capabilities

f Scaling digital corporate banking:
Increasing adoption of API banking, digital
trade solutions and analytics-driven
credit monitoring

f Financing India s transformation:
Supporting investments in manufacturing,
infrastructure, renewable energy and digital
ecosystems
Business Performance Review

Under One Axis , the Bank integrates its banking businesses, specialist capabilities, and
subsidiary ecosystem into a unified platform. This enables IT to deliver seamless, end-to-
end financial solutions across retail, commercial, investment, protection, and wealth needs.
By connecting products, channels, and expertise, One Axis helps serve customers more
holistically across life stages and financial journeys.
| Reliable partner across the customer lifecycle

f Everyday banking

f Business growth

f Payments and collections

f Capital and advisory

f Investing and wealth

f Protection

f Digital payments

f Receivables financing
Connecting customer
needs with integrated
solutions across
Banking, Investment,
Protection, Payments,
and Advisory
Retail Banking

f Savings, deposits & cards

f Retail loans

f Wealth: Burgundy/Burgundy Private
Transaction Banking

f Cash management services

f Current accounts

f Custodial services

f Correspondent banking
Commercial Banking

f Working capital & term loans

f LCs/Bank guarantees

f Bill & invoice discounting

f Supply chain finance
Investment Banking Capital Markets

f Debt capital markets

f Equity capital markets

f M&A advisory

f Forex & derivative solutions
Stronger together as One Axis
'One Axis' Group
Customer needs
Universal Banking
Specialist entities of the 'One Axis' ecosystem
Core Banking Platform
Asset management
Investment banking
and advisory
Retail Brokerage
Enterprise
lending solutions
Protection
MSME receivables
financing
Trustee and
custody support
Fintech Platform
Business correspondent
and Technology
Service Provider
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
O. N E A X I S I N A C T I O N S 1

Building a diversified lending business
Axis Finance Limited (AFL) continued to scale and grow as a diversified NBFC, serving Retail, MSME, Small & Medium
Enterprises (SME), RE Funding and Corporate Lending segments across India s enterprise ecosystem, with AUM1 (₹48,175
crores) and AUF1 (₹46,185 crores) registering strong CAGR of 25% and 27%, respectively from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2026,
reflecting growth outpacing the industry average. During the reporting year, the Company reshaped its retail franchise
with the launch of Disha Home Loans, the re launch of Business Loans and Shakti M LAP and improved portfolio
granularity through the introduction of the MSME Retail Banking Group. Concurrently, AFL strengthened its focus on
building a balanced portfolio, diversifying distribution, strengthening underwriting capabilities, and re imagining digital
journeys to support sustainable growth, operating efficiency, asset quality and a superior customer experience.
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f The RAM (Retail, MSME and SME) segment
constitutes 70% of the total AUM at the customer
level, representing a significant shift towards a
retail and enterprise led portfolio, with improved
granularity and a well diversified customer mix

f Increasing the share of small-ticket loans to create
a more granular portfolio and a stronger cross-
sell pipeline. Retail segment: 24% y-o-y growth in
on-book loan portfolio, while maintaining resilient
asset quality

f Focus on high-margin micro secured variants
(newly launched low-ticket housing Disha Home
Loans disbursed ₹1,056 crores and Shakti Micro LAP
disbursed ₹415 crores)

f Launched a direct channel for retail products, which
will be further scaled in fiscal 2027
MSME segment
MSME segment constitutes ~9%, demonstrating 73%
y-o-y growth, well-diversified across education, healthcare,
and hospitality and other sectors. Doubled the distribution
of MSME by launching a dedicated RBG (Retail Banking
Group) vertical targeting ticket sizes of ₹1 crore to 7 crores.
Small & Medium Enterprises: The SME Lending sector
represents exposures to established small and medium
enterprises with annual revenue below ₹250 crores
and formal business credentials, including valid Udyam
registration that are offered customised financing
solutions to support their expansion and evolving
credit needs. This segment contributes ~9% to the total
book structure.
RE Funding: This segment contributes 8% to the total
book, largely comprising ready inventory and late stage
projects. The current portfolio consists of exposures in
selected micro markets and Tier I cities.
Corporate Lending: Contributing 22% to the total book
structure, this segment reflects a strong, high-quality
book with best-in-class asset quality metrics.
Expanded distribution
1,100+ locations, with 72 branches, and incremental
focus on Rural & Semi-Urban (RuSu) geographies.
Digital innovation
Continued investment in digital capabilities, launch
of scorecards, deployment of solicitation engine and
Business Rule Engine, enhancing customer experience
and operational efficiency.
Funding diversification
Diversified borrowings across instruments and
a wide lender base, spanning banks, financial
institutions, mutual funds, insurance companies, and
corporate treasuries.
Capability building
AFL continues to invest in human capital and strengthen
assurance, collections, IT and credit functions.
1. Excluding Treasury
Strategic focus

f To scale micro secured and
unsecured retail products

f Shift the portfolio further
towards RAM

f Expand in RuSu markets

f Increase customer acquisition
through direct and
digital channels
Recognition
Business Performance Review

Strengthening in equity capital markets
Axis Capital reinforced its leadership as a premier full-service investment bank across investment banking
landscape and institutional equity services, navigating complex market conditions with agility and delivering
consistently strong outcomes for clients. The trust and confidence of our clients remain the cornerstone of our
success. In fiscal 2026, the firm successfully executed 61 transactions across Equity Capital Markets (ECM) and
Advisory businesses, demonstrating our deep market expertise and strong execution capabilities.
Strategic focus

f To expand non-ECM businesses, including M&A,
PE, Pre IPO, and InvIT/REIT transactions

f Ensure resilience and sustainable growth in
volatile market environments

f Strengthen relationships with domestic and
foreign institutional investors

f To sustain momentum in IED

f Invest in AI and automation

f Develop future leadership

f Uphold the highest standards of compliance
and ethics
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Maintained market share and leadership in ECM,
executing marquee equity transactions, some of the
large marquee IPOs include LG Electronics, JSW
Cement, Tata Capital, Pine Labs, Physics Wallah,
ICICI Prudential Asset Management, Meesho,
Groww and Lenskart

f Successfully executed marquee M&A deals of
Apraava and 4700BC, and restructuring deals of
Piramal and Siemens

f Continued to be the Most Preferred Banker for
InvITs & REITs. This year, we successfully managed
Ten InvIT & One REIT transactions. Notably, these
deals spanned a wide range of transaction structures,
including IPOs (Raajmarg, TVS Infrastructure Trust,
Knowledge Realty), block transactions (KKR-NHIT,
CPPIB-PowerGrid), as well as Preferential and QIP
issuances (India Grid Trust), among others

f Axis Capital s prolific and popular flagship conference,
Advantage India 2026, was a remarkable success,
with 171 participating corporates and more than 900
investor representatives

f Enhanced thought leadership with a robust pipeline of
thematic research and an 18%+ increase in coverage
universe to 300+ companies, covering 72% of India's
market cap

f 61 investment deals executed

f #3 Rank by number

f #1 Rank by the issue amount of IPOs
Recognition
Best ECM House in 2025 at Finance Asia
Awards
Best Investment Bank in India 2025 at
Euromoney Awards For Excellence
16%
Growth in Investment
Banking revenue
₹259 crores
PAT (61% y-o-y)
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
O. N E A X I S I N A C T I O N S 1

Enhancing investment accessibility
During the year, Axis AMC expanded its investment
platform with new products, including mutual funds,
passive investments, alternative assets, PMS, and GIFT City
offerings. The company improved digital engagement by
enabling micro-investing, supported by AI-driven content
and improved investor communication. Axis AMC also
partnered with other One Axis entities, including DBAT,
Corporate Banking, and Burgundy Private, to expand its
customer base.
Strategic focus

f Continue to launch innovative products
across asset classes

f Grow assets under management through
debt and passive products

f Lead in digital services

f Expand non-mutual fund offerings such as
AIF, PMS and SIF
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f ₹2,000 crores raised through Axis Services
Opportunities Fund NFO

f ₹1,300 crores raised through Axis Multi-Asset
Active Fund of Fund
₹359,601 crores
Quarterly Average AUM
₹596 crores
PAT
4.41%
Market share
Axis Trustee Services Ltd. strengthened its leadership
in fiduciary and debt transactions, delivering strong
performance across diverse mandates. IT continued to
drive innovation across REITs, InvITs, securitisation and
alternate investments, while achieving notable growth in
its Facility Agency business, particularly in multi-currency
debt transactions in GIFT City. The company also expanded
its presence in the AIF space and led several first-of-their-
kind transactions in India, including aircraft leasing and
SM REITs.
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Continued to be the No. 1 Trustee to the
REITs & InvITs with 100% and 71% market
share respectively

f Cost to Income Ratio declined to 42% in fiscal
2026 from 49% in fiscal 2025
11%
Increase in Assets
under Trust y-o-y with
15% CAGR in last 5
years
31%
ROE in fiscal 2026
from 20% in fiscal
Axis Pension Fund Management Ltd., operational since 21
October 2022, manages National Pension System (NPS)
funds across retail, corporate, and government segments.
IT has quickly emerged as the 6th largest Pension Fund
Manager by AUM and subscriber base, and launched the
industry-first Axis PF Golden Years Fund with integrated
accident and disability benefit riders.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
I16,118 crores
AUM
82% y-o-y
4.5%
AUM market share
6.6%
Customer base
market share
Business Performance Review

Advancing digital broking
The business strengthened its retail brokerage franchise
through digital platforms, intelligent servicing, and
enhanced investor engagement. In fiscal 2026, onboarding
was optimised, customer experience improved with
an AI-driven service, and investor education initiatives
expanded. Product innovation introduced new digital
features that helped customers discover investment
opportunities and participate more effectively in
capital markets.
Strategic focus

f Leverage Gen AI

f Enhance the web platform

f Grow digital business

f Maintain high risk and compliance standards
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f Top 3 highest-rated stock broking apps with 4.6+
rating on Google Play Store*

f 7x y-o-y increase in onboarding
basket subscriptions

f 42% y-o-y increase in Net Promoter Score (NPS)

f 22% of customer volumes handled by email bots
with 86% accuracy

f 109 customer education and engagement webinar
sessions, reaching 7,495+ participants

f 32,000+ (11% of online trading base) customers
engaged with YOUnique (AI-enabled feature to
discover new stock ideas)
Recognition
ET HR World Future Skills Awards -
Best Use of Mobile Learning
MCX Awards - Leading Bank Broking
Member
Great Place to Work - India's Best
WorkplacesTM in Investments for 2026
Quantic Excellence Awards 2025 - Best
Use of Customer Experience in Mobile
App Initiatives
*For new apps - Axis Direct Trader & Investor
Fiscal 2026 highlights
I2,78,000 crores+
Throughput
~66,600
Participants onboarded
56.72 lakhs+
Invoices discounted
50%+
Women in the workforce

f ISO 27001:2022 Re-certified

f ISO 27017:2015 Re-certified
Recognition
Fintech Startup of the Year, India Fintech
Summit & Awards 2025
Recognised among the Top 100 companies
in the DEI 100 Index
Facilitating MSME cash flow
Invoicemart addresses MSME credit gaps by enabling
early payments through a digital Trade Receivables
Discounting System (TReDS) marketplace. By connecting
MSME sellers with buyers and financiers through a
transparent bidding process, the platform improves
access to liquidity and working capital efficiency. During
the year, the business reinforced trust and resilience
by prioritising information security, cloud security
and inclusion.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
O. N E A X I S I N A C T I O N S 1

Enhancing digital payment infrastructure
Freecharge Payment Technologies continued to build a
secure, scalable digital payments platform. In fiscal 2026,
the company reorganised into two specialised businesses
effective January 1, 2026, sharpening the Payment
segment's strategic focus. The platform introduced
enhanced merchant tools, stronger fraud and risk controls,
greater reliability, and innovations in UPI-based payments.
Strategic focus

f Prepare for regulatory milestones

f Deepen presence in high-growth sectors

f Expand merchant tools

f Deploy Gen AI across marketing, support,
product and integrations
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f 21% y-o-y throughput growth

f 18% y-o-y net revenue growth from operations

f 4x consolidated throughput growth over 3 years

f 6x consolidated net revenue growth over 3 years
Strategic focus

f Expand further into underserved geographies

f Scale a profitable BC-led distribution model

f Grow secured and unsecured portfolios

f Continue driving technology-led efficiency
for the Bank
Fiscal 2026 highlights

f 220 branches vis-à-vis 100 in fiscal 2025

f ₹600+ crores disbursements with ₹610
crores AUM

f As a technology service provider to Axis Bank,
FreechargeBiz scaled digital lending and servicing
journeys with CKYC, face authentication, and
digital underwriting, reducing rejections by over
90% and enhancing turnaround time

f Removed backend dependencies and increased
collection efficiency to over 99%
Expanding lending and payments
across Bharat
FreechargeBiz advanced its technology-driven platform
during the year to expand financial access in Tier II, Tier
III, and rural markets. The business model integrates a
Business Correspondent-led merchant financial services
network, with a technology centre supporting scalable
digital processes for Axis Bank. In fiscal 2026, the Company
expanded diversified lending and banking offerings
and improved operational efficiency through digital
underwriting, authentication and AI-driven interventions.
Business Performance Review

Fiscal 2026 marked a year of decisive progress, as we
advanced our transformation agenda with discipline
in an increasingly volatile global environment. Even as
geopolitical uncertainties persisted, we sustained strong
growth momentum while reinforcing the foundations of
a resilient, future-ready franchise. The three strategic
priorities we articulated earlier continue to be firmly
embedded in our execution agenda, providing a strong
anchor for building future readiness:

f Transforming our core systems and processes to drive
scale and agility,

f Institutionalising future focused capabilities by
leveraging technological advancements and respond to
evolving customer expectations, and

f Advancing responsible practices into enterprise-wide
standards of corporate citizenship
Strengthening our core
Driving transformation through AI, data
and digital scale
In fiscal 2026, we continued to advance our technology-led
transformation, with a clear focus on simplifying customer
journeys, enhancing resilience, and improving operational
efficiency. Strategic priorities centered on AI-led innovation,
digital channel modernisation, lending transformation, and
payments, resulting in faster, seamless and more reliable
banking experiences.
Building the most tech-focused,
responsible banking institution
Subrat Mohanty
Executive Director
AI adoption scaled across customer service, engineering,
and operations, improving productivity, accelerating release
cycles, and enabling early risk detection with automated
remediation. Axis Deep Intelligence (ADI), our GenAI-based
internal assistant, now supports over 84,000 employees,
resolving more than 81% of branch-level queries, with
~35,000 monthly users handling ~2.8 lakh queries.
Strong digital adoption was witnessed across core business
platforms, with over 94% adoption in Bharat Banking and
84% volume adoption in SBB Working Capital. Tractor
Loans, which was the first product to go live on the new
digital journey being implemented, saw 55% reduction in
its turnaround time and ~75% increase in market share over
the previous year.
Digital channels continued to scale robustly. Mobile
Banking is rated 4.8 across Google Play store and iOS,
with over 35 million registered users and ~16 million
monthly active users. We have maintained leadership
in UPI, with market share improving from ~33% to
~36% over the year, supported by a large VPA base and
~14.3 million daily merchant transactions. We have also
expanded CBDC adoption, crossing 1 million users and
10 million transactions.
Resilient, secure and cloud-native at scale
Core technology capabilities were significantly
strengthened, with 150+ applications on CI/CD pipelines
(Continuous Integration and Continuous Development),
99.99% cloud DevOps availability, and AI-enabled SDLC
(Software Development Lifecycle) adoption across
35+ applications. We have established an enterprise-grade
data Lakehouse and enhanced security through automated
vulnerability management and chaos engineering.
Infrastructure resilience remains foundational, supported
by geographically distributed data centres in Mumbai and
Bengaluru, a near-DR facility (Disaster Recovery), and
embedded SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) practices.
A cloud-first, cloud-native architecture, combined with a
defence-in-depth cybersecurity framework, ensures high
availability, regulatory compliance, and secure, always-on
banking operations at scale.
Building on these advancements, we remain determined to
establish a benchmark in customer experience, operating
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. E S S A G E F R O M T H E M A N A G E M E N T - O P E R AT I O N S A N D T R A N S F O R M AT I O N

efficiency and risk discipline by building an AI-driven, lean
and resilient operations. This approach enables consistent
service standards and predictable experience outcomes
across customer journeys, delivered reliably and at scale.
Investing in capabilities
Enabling a smarter, AI-augmented workforce
Delivering on our customer service promises hinges on
the ability of our employees to engage with customers in a
meaningful and contextual manner. Our employee platform
Siddhi , enables the frontline staff with an extensive access
to products, services and customer engagement journeys.
Today, ~95,000+ employees of the Bank and partners
utilise Siddhi to gain real-time insights and personalised
recommendations, thus enabling their interactions to be
insightful, meaningful, and rewarding. Siddhi has been built
using modern technical architecture and data stack and is
integrated with 35+ systems. We use advanced analytics
to deliver personalised nudges to reinforce daily working
rhythm, provide near real time feedback to employees to
upskill and prepare better for customer conversations/
engagements, thus driving higher impact and customer
satisfaction. These enablers bring >10% uplift on key
productivity metrics and ~10 points higher Net Promoter
Scope (NPS) for 'Siddhi'-led journeys.
The capability is further strengthened by AXIOM, our
enterprise operating model for responsible, scalable
adoption of AI across customer journeys, employee
productivity, core operations, and assurance outcomes.
AXIOM is executed through a central AI team that sets
enterprise strategy and standards, a reusable shared stack
of capabilities, and an enterprise program that drives
delivery, governance, and adoption across businesses.
In fiscal 2026, this translated into measurable scale across
the AXIOM focus areas like Zero Ops (115 Mn+ AI led
document services), Conversational Interfaces (10 Mn+
customer chat interactions), Enterprise Knowledge (ADI
adoption across ~86% of the employee base), RM Copilot
(~66% of branch sales covered through AI-assisted pitch
practice), and Assurance Strengthening (50+ credit models).
Together, these pillars reflect an industrialised approach
to embedding AI into day to day banking processes by
improving speed, consistency, and control at enterprise
scale rather than as standalone initiatives.
Customer obsession
Sparsh, our Customer Obsession program, continues to
be a core priority and a defining area of distinctiveness.
Embedded across 6,275+ branches, every customer
touchpoint and 1,01,300+ employees, IT reflects our
commitment to delighting customers, every day.
During the year, Sparsh evolved further as a structured
operating framework that brings together culture,
ownership, behavioural understanding, results and
excellence in the way we serve. IT is helping strengthen a
culture where customer delight is anchored in disciplined
execution, sharper accountability and consistent action,
while enabling us to respond more thoughtfully to customer
needs, preferences and moments that shape trust,
confidence and ease.
We also deepened our institutional capabilities through
Adi, our Gen AI platform, and Kaleidoscope, our real time
Customer Experience Management platform. As mentioned
earlier as well with Adi query volumes growing 3.5x year on
year and Kaleidoscope interactions growing 5.2x year-on-
year with an increase in average monthly unique users of
128% and 59% year-on-year, respectively, these capabilities
are helping our colleagues serve customers with greater
context, first time right resolution, consistency and speed.
Retail NPS has increased 59 points since its inception in Q1
fiscal 2023, with meaningful improvements across Retail
Liabilities (+60 since inception), Retail Assets (+52 since
inception) and Credit Cards (+53 since inception). We have
retained 2nd rank in India for the third consecutive year in
the independent benchmarking study conducted by Kantar.
Sparsh continues to strengthen customer centricity across
the Bank by combining culture, behavioural insight, digital
capability and governance to create more meaningful
customer experiences across moments that matter.
Elevating customer journeys with data-led
personalisation
Customer delight is delivered through precise, analytics-
led interventions at key moments of truth, powered
by advanced recommended systems. Our enterprise
personalisation engine - operational for over three years -
has consistently improved product conversions, while
processing 3 crores+ transactions daily to generate real-
time insights. Analytics and AI are deeply embedded in
frontline decisioning, with 100+ machine learning models
deployed across credit risk, financial crime, marketing,
and collections - driving consistent, data-led outcomes
at scale. A maturing MLOps framework, supported by
5,000+ curated customer features and AI-driven automated
monitoring toolkits, ensures efficient model development,
deployment, and governance.
Business Performance Review

These capabilities are underpinned by a modern, cloud-
aligned data architecture managing 3+ petabytes of data
through real-time pipelines and lakehouse frameworks -
enabling faster analytics, enhanced resilience and the ability
to deliver enterprise AI use cases at scale.
Curating next-gen premium experiences
Our premiumisation agenda is gaining momentum anchored
by a partner led model in which every relationship is
fine-grained and personalised, powered by the best of
AI capabilities. We continue to view the ₹5 crores to
₹50 crores household segments as the most consequential
opportunity in Indian wealth, given its scale, its under-
penetration by full-service private banks, and its
centrality to the country's next decade of growth, and
we are investing accordingly to build a defensible long-
term advantage. Our commitment to premiumisation
is deliberate and long-term, and the strength of the
Burgundy Private brand today reflects the consistency
of that investment.
The most significant capability investment underpinning
this agenda is our platform for Burgundy Private,
designed to transform three dimensions of the franchise
simultaneously. For clients, IT powers a new class of highly
tailored conversations and experiences at scale, ensuring
that every family we serve, no matter how large or small,
receives the intelligence, due diligence and rigour one
would typically associate only with a CIO serving the
largest relationships. For Partners, IT delivers a non-linear
improvement in productivity by automating the analytical
and preparatory work that has traditionally consumed most
of an advisor's day, freeing capacity for the conversations
and judgement calls where the human relationship matters
most. And for the quality of advice itself, IT brings the firm's
house view, model portfolios, suitability frameworks and
live market intelligence into every interaction, delivered
through the Partner with the right tone, the right timing
and the analytical depth.
Strengthening the fraud prevention model
Digitisation of banking services continues to create both
new opportunities and emerging risks across multiple
areas. Fraud prevention is one such domain where
digitisation presents a dual challenge, as both a threat and
an opportunity. At Axis Bank, we remain firmly committed
to keeping banking safe, secure and trustworthy for
our customers.
We continue to invest in real-time transaction and
stakeholder monitoring, dynamic onboarding controls, and
the extensive use of analytics and advanced technology
across our businesses. These efforts not only mitigate fraud
risk but also position fraud prevention as a core strength
and a long-term competitive advantage. By fostering
a strong risk-first culture, complemented by customer
centricity, analytics, and technology, the Bank is building
a robust and resilient defence against fraud, proactively
safeguarding customer trust and contributing to a safer,
more secure financial ecosystem.
Being a responsible corporate citizen
We continue to be guided by the objective of offering
Banking that leads to a more inclusive and equitable
economy, a thriving community, and a healthier planet.
Over the year, we strengthened our stakeholder-focused
ESG culture across the Bank. Our CSR initiatives now
reach millions of participants across India. The Sustainable
Livelihood Program, our flagship initiative since 2011,
achieved a major milestone by impacting over 2.75 million
rural families across 33,517+ villages, across 32 States
and Union Territories (cumulatively) as of March 31 2026.
Last fiscal, the Bank introduced sports as a new thematic
area to support interventions from the grassroots to the
Olympics and Paralympics level. This year, as a long-term
commitment to nation-building through sport, the Bank
continued to prioritise institution-led interventions aimed
at creating a sustainable pipeline of future Indian athletes.
Navigating change with confidence
and clarity
In an environment defined by elevated global risks,
rapid AI-led disruption, and increasing cyber security
threats, our focus remains clear and unwavering. We are
leveraging next-generation technologies to reimagine
processes, empower our workforce, and drive sustained
productivity, while elevating customer experience within
a secure and resilient ecosystem. As we move ahead, we
remain confident in our strategy, disciplined in execution,
and firmly committed to strengthening our franchise and
delivering enduring value for all our stakeholders.
Subrat Mohanty
Executive Director
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
M. E S S A G E F R O M T H E M A N A G E M E N T - O P E R AT I O N S A N D T R A N S F O R M AT I O N

How the 'One Axis' ecosystem works
The 'One Axis' ecosystem brings together the Bank and its subsidiaries to serve customers more completely across
their financial journey. Each business adds a specialised capability, while the wider Axis franchise provides reach,
relationships, data, distribution and trust. Together, this creates a stronger proposition for customers, deeper
engagement for the Group and more resilient value creation.
'One Axis' matrix: How our businesses grow stronger together
Business
Primary role
How IT supports/enables within
'One Axis'
Shared value created
Investment solutions across
mutual funds, passive funds,
alternatives, PMS and GIFT
City offerings
Access to Axis Bank s affluent
and wealth customers,
corporate relationships,
Burgundy and Burgundy Private
channels
Customers get a wider
investment suite; the Group
deepens wealth relationships
and strengthens fee income
Investment banking, capital
markets advisory, M&A
and institutional equities
expertise
Leverages Axis Bank s corporate
relationships, balance sheet
insights and transaction banking
connects
Corporate clients receive
banking and capital markets
solutions together; the
Group strengthens its
position across the corporate
lifecycle
Retail, MSME, SME, RE
Funding and Corporate
Lending
Benefits from Axis Bank s brand,
customer base, branch network
and risk insights
Expands credit access
across ticket sizes; improves
customer retention through
broader lending options
Retail broking and
investment participation
platform
Leverages Axis Bank s retail and
wealth franchise for customer
acquisition and engagement
Customers can move
from savings to investing
seamlessly; the Group
increases product holding
and customer stickiness
Payments, merchant
acquiring and digital
commerce infrastructure
Supports Axis Bank customers
and merchants through digital
payment journeys
Strengthens the Group s
payments ecosystem,
merchant engagement and
digital transaction flows
Merchant-focused financial
services and technology
solutions for Bharat markets
Extends Axis Bank products to
Tier II, III and rural merchants
through digital and assisted
channels
Helps smaller merchants
access banking and credit;
supports Bharat Banking and
financial inclusion priorities
Digital invoice discounting
and working capital access
for MSMEs
Complements Axis Bank s
MSME and supply chain
financing relationships
Improves MSME liquidity;
strengthens Axis Bank s role
in the broader enterprise
Pension fund management
and retirement savings
Connects with Axis Bank s long-
term savings, retirement and
wealth customers
Supports lifecycle financial
planning; strengthens
customer relationships
beyond active earning years
Life insurance, protection
and long-term savings
Uses Axis Bank s distribution
reach and customer
relationships to offer insurance
Customers receive
protection and savings
products alongside banking;
the Group diversifies
revenue and deepens trust-
based relationships
Business Performance Review

Creating
lasting value
At Axis Bank, lasting value is rooted in trust. Through
our dil se open approach, we create banking
experiences shaped by understanding, empathy,
and relevance.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

At Axis Bank, we believe that banking goes beyond transactions and that every
interaction is an opportunity to either create or strengthen a relationship built on
empathy, responsiveness, and trust. That is how we turn everyday interactions
into experiences that create value in the moment and endure over time.
Making every
interaction meaningful
We understand that customer value is cultivated
not solely through products, processes and
transactions. IT relates to our ability to listen
and understand the context in an interaction,
address needs with care, and make banking
more meaningful for the customer.
Material Issues Linkage
M6
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B A N K I N G B E Y O N D T R A N S A C T I O N S S 4

How we create customer value
Customer obsession
Embedded through Sparsh
95,000
Frontline colleagues
~90%
of retail business covered
through Siddhi journeys
Listen with intent
Understand needs, context
and friction points
Respond with speed
Improve journeys, resolution time
and service quality
Serve with intelligence
Equip teams with real-time,
actionable insights
Build trust over time
Turn interactions into
deeper relationships
Sparsh: The architecture of customer obsession
Sparsh is the Bank s customer-obsession program, designed to embed
customer centricity into how the Bank listens, acts, improves and
grows. Built on customer insights, employee conversations, and external
benchmarking, Sparsh has evolved from a strong cultural foundation into a
sharper execution framework. This transformation involved strengthening
governance, service discipline, journey design, and the connection
between customer experience and tangible business outcomes.
In fiscal 2026, the key shift was from broad experience intent to focused
journey redesign - an important evolution in the Bank's customer
agenda, from building awareness of customer centricity to redesigning
experiences in ways that are more deliberate, practical and measurable.
This belief is brought to life each day by 1 lakh+ dil se open bankers across the
country. By combining human empathy with sharper listening, better journey
design, and intelligent frontline tools, we ensure our service is both relevant at
the moment and more valuable over time.

Our operating model
Listen better
Respond faster
Deepen relationships

f Customer empathy

f Voice of the customer

f Journey diagnosis

f Behavioural understanding

f Journey redesign

f Lower-effort pathways

f Clearer ownership

f Faster and smarter resolution

f Better service experiences

f Higher trust and loyalty

f Stronger customer relevance

f More durable value creation
Why Sparsh matters
IT creates the philosophy, discipline and
institutional rhythm that helps customer centricity
move from intent to everyday execution.
What changed this year

f Shift from broad intent to focused
journey redesign

f Prioritisation of senior citizens and NRIs

f Sharper customer understanding and
journey simplification
From insight to action
The Bank is strengthening its customer focus by turning
insights into actions. Throughout the year, the Bank
prioritised the needs of senior citizens and NRIs, using
structured empathy workshops and design thinking to
map key journeys and identify friction points. The process
has allowed us to translate customer understanding into
actionable improvement roadmaps.
Voice of the customer as a repeatable engine
In parallel, we are scaling proactive listening into
a repeatable voice-of-customer engine, which has
already informed a prioritised roadmap to address key
friction points:
Driving digital
adoption
To lift adoption where
digital penetration
is low
Optimising speed
Reducing digital
turnaround time where
they currently lag
assisted journeys
Enhancing resolution
Increasing first-time
resolution rates
Simplifying workflows
Streamlining
processes to create
a more seamless
customer experience
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B A N K I N G B E Y O N D T R A N S A C T I O N S S 4

How customer insight is being
translated into actionable roadmap

f Empathy workshops

f Journey mapping

f Friction diagnosis

f Behavioural interventions

f Cross-functional execution ownership
Senior citizens
The Bank s specialised program for senior citizens was
grounded in the philosophy of Silver Linings . IT included
health camps, will creation support, and fraud awareness
sessions delivered in partnership with local police and the
fraud control team. An Open Day for Senior Citizens was
held across various branches and attended by 25,000+
customers, with sessions on fraud awareness, will creation
and the Silver Linings program.
NRIs
Curated dialogues with the NRI group captured
expectations across service quality, wealth support,
ownership clarity and digital journeys. These insights are
being consolidated into a prioritised action agenda with
cross-functional ownership. NRI Homecoming events were
held in three cities, with 150+ NRI customers participating
in sessions on wealth creation, fraud awareness and
query resolution.
Understanding customers at key
journey points
We continue to deepen our understanding of how
customers behave at key journey points and use those
insights to simplify interactions - offering simpler choices,
clearer signals and easier routes, supported by Siddhi
and Adi.
Sparsh Week 2025
While Sparsh provides the overarching framework,
Sparsh Week brings that philosophy to life on a larger
scale. In 2026, this initiative translated customer intent
into tangible actions across the franchise through
leadership involvement, customer engagement, capability
development, idea creation and hands-on execution.
More importantly, the event emphasised that customer
obsession is now embedded in the institutional rhythm.
With the active involvement of leaders, frontline teams, and
off-role colleagues, Sparsh Week made customer obsession
visible, action-oriented and a collective endeavour
throughout the Bank.
Outcomes of Sparsh Week
1.97 lakhs+
Customers reached
across 9+ cohorts
1 lakh+
Leads generated
40,000+
Opportunities
converted
Leaders mobilised
Cities covered
1,700+
Locations activated
1.5 lakhs+
Employees engaged
12,000
Ideas through Ignite
90+
Sparsh squads across
65 locations
Live sessions
79,000+
Social media impressions
297+
PR stories
47,000+
Microsite interactions

Platforms such as Axis Promise, Adi,
and real-time CX tools are helping
operationalise customer obsession
through better visibility, smarter tools
and faster resolution.
Recognition
The Bank was recognised as
a CX Star and Best-in-Class
in Banking and Financial
From care to commitment
The true strength of a customer-focused organisation is revealed in moments that matter. Customer obsession
is not built merely into frameworks and platforms; IT is also expressed through the judgement, empathy, and
ownership demonstrated by employees on the ground. IT is in these everyday banking interactions that trust is
protected, loyalty is reinforced, and lasting value is created. This approach is also echoed in the Bank s broader
commitment to prioritising customer experience.
Sparsh stories: 'One Axis' spotlight
September-November 2025
When a reputed corporate group, in collaboration
with the Government of India, approached Axis
Bank with an urgent, high-value import transaction,
IT became a mission of national importance. The
request involved facilitating the repatriation of the
sacred Piprahwa relic of Lord Buddha to India, a
matter of deep heritage value and a source of national
pride. With limited time and no scope for error, teams
across the Bank moved with unmatched alignment
and ownership.
The Coverage team ensured continuous client
engagement; the Trade team secured overnight
regulatory and compliance clearances; MWBC
Mumbai validated documentation with precision;
and the TFC team enabled swift backend approvals.
Within 45 minutes of receiving the final instruction,
the transaction was executed end-to-end, well ahead
of the global deadline.
The flawless coordination and accountability
demonstrated the Bank s hallmark reliability and
responsiveness, earning appreciation from both the
client and senior government officials. This case
stands as a true reflection of Axis Bank s values in
action, placing the customer first, taking charge of
outcomes and delivering with speed, collaboration,
and purpose.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B A N K I N G B E Y O N D T R A N S A C T I O N S S 4

Siddhi: Frontline intelligence in action
If Sparsh defines the Bank s customer philosophy, Siddhi enables its execution at the frontline. Siddhi is a large-scale
transformation initiative that empowers frontline teams through an analytics-driven, mobile-first platform. Designed as
a bank in your pocket for employees, IT provides proactive, intelligent, personalised, and comprehensive insights to help
them improve customer engagement.
What Siddhi enables

f Sales and service journeys

f Performance insights

f Meeting and day planning

f Contextual customer conversations

f Real-time customer and employee lifecycle information
Built on a cloud-native, agile architecture, Siddhi seamlessly
integrates over 35 backend systems to deliver real-
time insights across the entire customer journey, from
onboarding, service, to relationship management. IT also
supports key aspects of the employee lifecycle, such as
capability building, coaching, and supervisory reviews.
Its innovative machine learning-based nudge framework
provides timely, contextual prompts that enable users to
engage in more personalised and meaningful conversations
with customers.
How Siddhi is changing the frontline

f Stronger frontline productivity

f Better customer satisfaction

f More relevant conversations

f Improved service responsiveness

f Scalable intelligence at the point of interaction
95,000
Frontline team
40+
Sale journeys
Service journeys
90%
of retail business covered
35+
Backend systems
integrated
What comes next?
Siddhi is continuing to
evolve with
AI-led capabilities such as:

f Prioritised nudges

f Call scoring and insights

f Personalised learning modules
IT is also being expanded to
more segments, including
Wholesale Banking.

Axis Bank is creating digital experiences in retail and wholesale banking that are
simpler, safer, and more intuitive, enabling customers to transact, manage, grow
their wealth and achieve their financial goals with confidence and control.
Banking made simpler, safer,
and more open
By strengthening our core journeys and
expanding self-service adoption during fiscal
2026, we deepened customer relationships
across both Retail and Wholesale Banking.
These reliable, scalable platforms ensure
every transaction is seamless, driving greater
efficiency and aligning our digital-first strategy
with critical global sustainability goals.
Material Issues Linkage
M5
M6
M7
M9
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B A N K I N G I N T H E D I G I TA L- F I R S T E R A S 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Creating reliable customer experiences
Digital banking at Axis Bank continues to shape how customers experience trust, accessibility and everyday
value. During fiscal 2026, the focus remained on strengthening reliable, scalable, and intuitive digital journeys
that enable seamless transactions, servicing and engagement. As digital adoption expands, digital channels are
becoming central to extending the Bank s reach and deepening customer relationships. By strengthening core
journeys, expanding self service adoption, and ensuring consistency across platforms, the Bank continues to
deliver improved customer experience, greater efficiency and stronger customer confidence.
Digital Banking highlights
4.8
Rating on
Google Play Store
250+
Number of digital
services available
4.8
Rating on
Apple App Store
1.55 crores
No. of mobile banking-active
71%
Service requests are
adopted digitally
25%
Growth in mobile banking
transactions in fiscal 2026
Simplified journeys
Digital journeys continued to
become more seamless and
intuitive, enabling easier services
and engagement.
Stronger trust
Security-focused innovations
enhanced trust in digital
banking by giving customers
greater control over how they
authenticate, transact and
protect their accounts.
Scalable engagement
Higher self-service adoption
and intelligent digital workflows
led to faster outcomes,
greater consistency and
improved scalability across
customer interactions.
Digital Banking deliverables in fiscal 2026

Making Digital Banking safer
We improve trust in digital banking by making security straightforward, visible, and firmly under the
customer s control. As digital adoption grows, we continue to enhance safeguards across all interactions
to ensure that convenience does not come at the expense of trust. Our approach is designed to protect
customers of all ages and usage levels, enabling them to bank with greater confidence every day.
Our safety
Mobile App OTP
Safer, faster authentication
Mobile app OTP generates one-time
passwords directly within the Axis Mobile
app, reducing dependence on SMS and
lowering exposure to SIM-swap and
interception fraud. IT improves both
security and reliability, making everyday
authentication faster and
more seamless.
Safety Centre
Security controls placed
directly in customers hands
The Safety Centre within the Axis Mobile
app gives customers direct control over
account security. They can manage
transaction settings, control login access,
choose authentication methods, block
cards, stop payments or report concerns
instantly through the app.
Lock FD
Added protection for long-term savings
Fixed deposits often represent years of
disciplined saving, especially for senior
citizens and customers seeking security.
Lock FD adds a simple but powerful
safeguard by preventing premature closure
through internet or mobile banking.
Any closure request requires an in-person
branch visit with identity verification.
DIY Face
Authentication
High security without added complexity
The Bank introduced an industry-first, fully
DIY Face Authentication framework across
select digital journeys. Using advanced
facial recognition, customers can securely
verify their identity while completing
sensitive actions digitally, with less friction
and greater confidence.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B A N K I N G I N T H E D I G I TA L- F I R S T E R A S 2

Helping customers bank with greater clarity
Digital banking provides more value when IT helps clients
make better financial decisions. Throughout the year, we
continued to improve key customer journeys by adding
smart digital features that reduce effort, boost relevance
and deliver better outcomes for customers.
My Money
My Money, the personal finance manager in the Axis
Mobile app, helps customers better understand their
finances by consolidating balances, spending habits, credit
health, and investments in one place. Customers can
monitor their net worth, review their spending, access their
credit scores, and receive personalised insights to promote
healthier financial habits.
Intelligent digital capabilities at scale
We consistently implement intelligent digital capabilities
across critical processes to reduce manual intervention
and improve overall efficiency. Routine interactions are
increasingly managed through AI-enabled automated
processes. This shift supports the ongoing transition toward
self-service-oriented, low-touch journeys while ensuring
appropriate controls and oversight.
The new Axis Bank website
The new website enhances the Bank s digital interface
with customers by improving performance, clarity, and
navigation. IT serves as an important access point for
information, services and guidance for users.
open Dialogue by Axis Bank
open Dialogue fosters transparent, informed conversations
about finance, the economy, and emerging trends,
extending customer engagement beyond transactions.
Social media engagement
The Bank also expanded its presence across social media
platforms to remain visible and accessible where customers
are most active, supporting a more connected and
customer-focused digital ecosystem.
Scaling digital capabilities across customer segments
Neo: Strengthening the Digital Wholesale
Banking proposition
neo, Axis Bank s digital wholesale banking solution,
continued to experience strong growth in adoption and
usage during the year. Designed around client journeys and
enterprise workflows, IT integrates payments, trade finance,
foreign exchange, and servicing into a unified platform, with
API connectivity enabling corporates to embed banking
operations directly into their processes
and enhance efficiency.
neo's
components

S
F

h
T

fi

P
Recognition
Our digital initiatives continued to earn recognition
across industry forums throughout the year,
highlighting the advances we have made in innovation,
customer experience, and responsible technology use.
Among the awards are the following:

f Agentic30 Disruptors Award

f Infosys Innovation Awards 2025 for neo
for Corporate

f Indian Domestic Digital Transformation Bank of
the Year

f FINNIXX Summit Award for Best SEO Strategy

f 4th BFSI Awards 2026 for Merchant Cash Advance

f Recognition linked to participation in CBDC
(Central Bank Digital Currency) at Singapore and
the Global FinTech Festival (GFF) 2025

f Financial Express - Best Digital Bank Award (2025)

Built on local relevance, last-mile reach and digital enablement, Bharat Banking continues to
open new pathways to growth across rural and semi-urban India.
Bringing banking closer to Bharat
Bharat Banking is Axis Bank s dedicated
franchise for India's rural and semi-urban
regions, created to meet emerging customer
needs through relevant, accessible and scalable
services. IT combines a robust physical network
with technology-driven delivery and ecosystem
partnerships to expand access, boost local
engagement, and carve out a differentiated
presence in RuSu markets.
In fiscal 2026, Bharat Banking expanded into
underserved areas while delivering profitable
growth, enabling self-sufficient Priority
Sector Lending (PSL), and promoting financial
inclusion. The franchise continues to evolve as
a key growth driver, combining local insights,
disciplined execution and a long-term approach
to franchise development.
Material Issues Linkage
M1
M6
M7
M9
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B H A R AT B A N K I N G S 3
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Bharat Banking at a glance
₹1,026 billion
Agri loan book
4% y-o-y
50,000+
New accounts opened
via BCs
20,922
CSC VLE network
16 lakhs+
Aadhaar Enabled Payment
System (AePS) transactions
3,252
Gold-enabled branches
Business Correspondent
Banking Outlets (BCBOs)
Why Bharat Banking matters
Bharat Banking is more than just a distribution-focused rural business. IT is a strategically vital franchise that helps the
Bank expand its footprint in high-potential RuSu markets, strengthen customer relationships, diversify its asset base,
enhance liabilities, and develop a more inclusive banking model at scale.
Four strategic pillars
Profitable growth with granularity
Bharat Banking continues to build a more
granular and diversified business franchise
through focused expansion across RuSu
markets, supported by physical reach, alternate
distribution and ecosystem engagement.
Inclusion through last-mile access
By extending reach into underserved
geographies and simplifying access to formal
banking, Bharat Banking helps bring more
individuals, households and local enterprises into
the financial mainstream.
Stronger Priority Sector relevance
The franchise plays an important role in
strengthening PSL performance through
focused growth in Bharat-centric products and
deeper participation across agriculture and
allied segments.
Long-term franchise deepening
With a balanced focus across assets and
liabilities, Bharat Banking is building enduring
local relevance while strengthening the Bank s
presence in emerging growth markets.
Pillar 1
Pillar 3
Pillar 4
Pillar 2
Strategic priorities in fiscal 2026

f Expand last-mile reach

f Drive profitable growth

f Build PSL self-sufficiency

f Advance financial inclusion

f Deepen RuSu ecosystem engagement

Growth across core Bharat-centric segments
Core products designed to serve the unique needs of
Bharat, such as Microfinance, Tractor Finance and Gold
Loans, saw robust growth throughout the year, driven
by improved market penetration and greater customer
relevance across RuSu markets. These segments are key to
the Bank s strategy to strengthen its resilient rural franchise
and support PSL priorities.
Operating model in action
Expanding relevance through product
and digital innovation
The Bank continued to introduce targeted product offerings
and digital process improvements designed around the
needs of rural customers, field teams and distribution
channels. The aim is to enhance convenience, reduce
turnaround time, and build a more efficient and scalable
operating model.
New products launched
Physical distribution
Low-cost alternative channels
Bharat-centric offerings
Local market penetration
Ecosystem-led sourcing
Tech-enabled onboarding
Building a distinctive franchise across Bharat
Throughout the year, Bharat Banking continued to strengthen its business model by innovating in Bharat-focused
products, expanding involvement in rural ecosystems, and improving customer acquisition and service quality. The Bank s
strategy remains centred on building a scalable and distinctive franchise in both assets and liabilities.
Deepening participation across rural
value chains
The Bank strengthened its presence across agri-allied
ecosystems such as dairy, livestock, fisheries and poultry,
enabling diversification of its farm lending portfolio into
more granular customer segments. This ecosystem-led
approach is helping broaden engagement across the
rural value chain while supporting sustainable growth in
agriculture and allied sectors.
Strengthening the deposit franchise in
RuSu markets
On the liabilities side, the focus remained on deposit
mobilisation from Bharat branches through targeted
Bharat-centric offerings, simplified onboarding processes,
and deeper ecosystem engagement. These efforts helped
strengthen the Bank s local deposit franchise and enhance
its presence across RuSu geographies.
Agri Gold
Designed to serve Bharat customers through need-
based, locally relevant secured lending solutions.
MSME Gold
Extends small enterprises access to credit through
products tailored to local business realities.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C U S T O M E R S - B H A R AT B A N K I N G S 3

Simplifying Bharat journeys through digitisation
Facilitating field teams in onboarding customers with
minimal or no reliance on paper. They are supported by
convenient pre-screening processes. During fiscal 2026, the
Bank introduced four essential digital enablers across the
Bharat division.

f eKYC, including UIDAI
face authentication

f eNACH, to
improve collections

f eSign, to drive zero-
paper onboarding

f eStamp, across
select states
These initiatives have reduced turnaround times and costs
while improving productivity and customer convenience.
Digitisation has strengthened risk controls in Gold Loan and
Microfinance (now fully paperless), and integrated agricultural
lending with the RBI Innovation Hub for digital land
record access.
Digital progress, designed for Bharat

f Minimal to zero paper usage

f Faster decisioning

f Improved productivity

f Lower TAT

f Better risk control
Scaling Bharat Banking for the
next phase of growth
Bharat Banking continues to create value at multiple levels,
enhancing access and convenience for customers, deepening
financial inclusion to the benefit of communities, and building
a more granular, scalable and strategically differentiated
franchise for the Bank. As we advance, the focus will remain on
strengthening this model across products, ecosystems, liabilities
and technology.
How Bharat Banking creates lasting value
For customers
Greater access to formal financial solutions through simpler
journeys, wider reach and products aligned to rural needs.
For communities
Deeper financial inclusion, stronger participation in the
formal economy and expanded support across rural
livelihoods and allied ecosystems.
For the Bank
A stronger RuSu franchise, improved PSL mix,
deeper deposit mobilisation and scalable long-term
growth opportunities.
Outlook
Focused on the
next horizon
The Bank aims to outpace industry growth in
key segments such as Microfinance, Tractor
Finance and Gold Loans, while supporting
momentum in its liabilities at Bharat branches.
Technology will remain a key enabler, with
continued investment in customer journeys
customised to the Bharat demographic to
enhance service delivery, productivity, and
The Bank also intends to continue
strengthening its PSL mix through segments
such as MFI-Retail, Tractor Finance, and Gold
Loans, and expand the Kisan Credit Card
portfolio across allied agricultural sectors,
including dairy, fisheries and poultry. Low-cost
alternative distribution channels and strategic
partnerships will continue to play a vital role
in expanding access and deepening market
presence across underserved regions.
Bharat Banking remains central
to building a more inclusive,
scalable and future-ready
banking franchise.

As banking becomes more digital and deeply woven into everyday
life, human capability in sustaining trust and accountability becomes
even more defining. Our people bring the insight, judgement, and
responsibility needed to uphold this trust, sustain performance
today and create lasting value over time.
Enabling our people to
grow and lead
Our people are central to the value we create
and sustain. They build customer trust, translate
strategy into execution, strengthen our culture,
and enable the Bank to respond with agility in a
fast-changing environment. As banking becomes
more digital, data-led and increasingly embedded
in everyday life, distinctly human capabilities
such as judgement, empathy, accountability,
collaboration and customer focus have become
even more important as we translate intelligent
systems into responsible outcomes, and
innovation into lasting impact. These qualities
shape how we serve today and how we build a
modern AI workspace for tomorrow.
Material Issues Linkage
M11
M13
Capital Linkage
UN SDGs Linkage
F. O R E M P L O Y E E S S 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

We therefore approach human capital with a long-term lens where technology augments human judgement rather than
replacing IT. Across the employee lifecycle, we continue to invest in attracting the right talent, building future-ready
capabilities, deepening leadership, fostering inclusion, strengthening well-being, and enabling a values-led performance
culture. Our objective is to create an environment where people are heard, supported, developed and empowered
to contribute meaningfully so that growth remains responsible, resilient and lasting. During the last fiscal, we have
continuously strived to leverage AI across platforms and practices to simplify work and improve decision quality to make
space for employees to focus on higher-value outcomes ensuring that while systems become smarter, accountability
remains human, and capability remains central to value creation.
1.01 lakhs+
Total no. of employees
30,500
Women in the workforce
₹0.24 crores
Profit per employee
Attracting talent to shape tomorrow
During fiscal 2026, the Bank continued to strengthen its
talent engine with a clear focus on future readiness. Hiring
efforts remained aligned to leadership, specialist, digital,
frontline and other critical roles, ensuring the workforce
build-out kept pace with evolving business priorities and the
changing demands of banking.
Campus engagement and employer branding initiatives played
an important role in widening access to emerging talent pools
and strengthening the talent pipeline. Programs such as
Moves, WeLead and ABle deepened engagement with young
talent while reinforcing the Bank s positioning as a forward-
looking institution.
Launched in 2025, Moves emerged as the largest corporate
competition of its kind, attracting more than 21,000 students.
Beyond visibility, the initiative generated insights into Gen Z
aspirations and increased the Bank s campus presence, leading
to role placements at nearly 20% of participating institutions.
We continued to scale the campus hiring ecosystem, which
contributed to over 11,000 hires and improved the quality,
diversity, and sustainability of the Bank s talent pool.
31,665
Total new hires
37%
Hiring diversity rate
22.4%
Employee turnover rate
₹6,106
Average hiring cost per FTE
₹123 billion
Staff cost
Hiring highlights

Campus Hiring
Programs in
Fiscal 2026

H
ire
-T
ra
-D
ep
lo

A
xis
S
al
es
A
ca
de
my

Y
ou
ng
B
ke
rs
P
ro
gr
am

(H
TD
) P
ro
gr

(
A
S
A)

A
B
YB
A
xis
B
k

A
BL
We
Le
ad
A
H
E
A
As
en
As
pi
re
26 management trainees
and 63 interns
Leadership pipeline from top-tier
B-schools such as IIMs and XLRI
10 women
leaders
Diversity-focused
program
onboarding
women from
executive MBA
cohorts into
mid-senior roles
132 hires
Builds functional
talent for
Corporate and
CoE roles from
new IIMs and
equivalent institutes
405 hires
Builds a talent pool from
Tier-2 B-schools across
business functions
142. BROs
Engineers hired from
IITs, NITs and top
technology universities
7,444 hires
Hire-Train-
Deploy model
for liability
sales frontliners

2,521 BROs
Flagship
program for
onboarding branch
banking officers

Multiple units
Customised
models for Retail
operations, Retail
Lending, Bharat
Banking and
other functions
F. O R E M P L O Y E E S S 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Building capability through continuous learning
We enhanced our learning ecosystem to help employees
develop relevant skills, adapt and take ownership of their
growth. Learning at Axis Bank is now more embedded,
personalised, and aligned with business priorities.
At the centre of this ecosystem is the AI-powered open
Learning Lab (OLL), which brings together role-based
learning, certifications and leadership development on a
unified platform. This is complemented by 11 Capability
Factories and academies, which provide structured, role-
specific development pathways across functions. The Build
Your Own Career (BYOC) framework enables employees
to pursue personalised growth journeys aligned with their
current responsibilities and future aspirations, including
internal mobility pathways through Thrive.
The year also saw us continue to cultivate a culture of
self-driven learning. Initiatives such as Learning on Your
Own (LOYO) and Learning of the Day (LOTD) encouraged
continuous capability building through flexible, embedded
formats. In fiscal 2026, 100,921 employees accessed
learning, completing 6.7 million+ learning hours, averaging
59.47 hours per employee.
Average person-hours of training
59.47
Average person-hours of training - All employees
57.98
Average person-hours of training - Men
62.96
Average person-hours of training - Women
Learning highlights
6.7 million+
Total learning hours in fiscal 2026
~1 lakh
Employees trained
11+
Skill factories
Training delivery
(%)

Online/e-learning

Classroom-based
Externally acclaimed learning impact
Our learning ecosystem won industry recognition
during the year, with Axis Bank receiving the ATD
BEST Award 2025 and honours at the Brandon Hall
Excellence Awards. Axis Burgundy Private Limited
was also awarded at the Global Private Banking
Innovation Awards 2025 for excellence in learning
and development.
Leadership and supervisory development
During the year, the Bank further deepened leadership
capability through a portfolio of experiential programs,
coaching interventions and leadership forums that support
leaders at different stages of their journey.

f Leadership Signature, launched in fiscal 2026,
brought together advanced interventions for senior
leaders through theatre-based workshops, group and
executive coaching, and outside-in perspectives from
industry leaders to strengthen leadership maturity and
enterprise impact.

f Building a Culture of Coaching remained a key pillar of
leadership development, bringing under its ambit one-to-
one executive coaching, 360-degree feedback and peer-
led Development Circles focused on communication,
influence, presence and feedback.

f 1000 Change Leaders, the Bank s flagship program for
mid to senior leaders, was refreshed during the year to
help leaders translate strategy into action through real
business challenges and experiential learning

f Leaders Class continued as a monthly learning forum
where senior leaders shared their perspectives
on a variety of themes such as purpose-led
leadership, resilience, ethical clarity and exponential
growth mindsets

f The High-Performing Leader (HPL) program continued
to build structured people-management capability
among managers through a phased supervisory
development journey. This included the rollout of the
Intermediate pathway alongside onboarding into the
Beginner pathway
Other high-impact capability initiatives

f Headstart - An induction program for new employees

f Go Beyond - A 6-24-month skill-building initiative for
frontline employees to improve productivity

f Academia - The program trains and deploys freshers
through classroom and on-the-job learning

f Knowledge Transfer Process (KTP) - This short-form
learning-led mentoring for frontline employees during
the first 90 days was extended to additional roles during

f Axis Competency Profiler - Online skill assessment
for employees

f High-Performing Professional (HPP) - A Bank-wide
initiative to strengthen core professional skills through
curated, multi-level modules

f Learning on Your Own (LOYO) - A self-directed learning
initiative with 88% enrolment and 84% completion

f Learning of the Day (LOTD) - A daily micro-learning
initiative for frontline staff, with 60,000 employees
participating, and a 92% completion rate

f SIDDHI Calling - A personalised daily micro-learning
based on call scores to improve customer engagement,
with 7,500 employees and 90% completion
95.5%
Eligible employees completed
annual mandatory compliance
training - Mandatory module
96.2%
Eligible employees trained in
AML & related laws - KYC/AML
97.0%
Eligible employees trained in
cybersecurity - Aware2Secure
Risk and compliance culture
As a financial institution, Axis Bank's capability-
building extends beyond sharpening performance and
productivity to fostering strong risk awareness, compliance
discipline, and ethical judgement. During the year, we
continued to invest in creating a more risk-conscious and
accountable organisation.
The Bank requires all employees up to the level of the
President to complete mandatory annual compliance
modules, covering areas such as KYC, Anti-Money
Laundering (AML), Information Security, Data Protection,
Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH), Business
Continuity Plan (BCP), and the Code of Conduct. These
certifications help reinforce regulatory discipline and
consistent behavioural standards across the organisation.
To strengthen the leadership mindset around risk, the
Bank delivered a targeted intervention for all Senior Vice
Presidents II (SVPIIs) and Executive Vice Presidents (EVPs),
using real-life decision-making scenarios. This was aimed
at building ethical clarity, accountability and leadership
responsibility in risk management.
We further enhanced the capacity of our assurance
functions through targeted training initiatives for Risk
and Compliance professionals. The academies of Risk
and Compliance provided self-directed, multi-tiered
learning opportunities to equip professionals with vital
functional expertise, while RBI-mandated certification
pathways deepened the technical proficiency. The focused
development of the Central Audit and Risk Officers
(CARO) cohort through blended learning modalities further
reinforced governance and assurance frameworks.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R E M P L O Y E E S S 5

Strengthening internal talent pool and leadership depth
Alongside external hiring and structured learning, we continued to deepen internal talent pools and create stronger
pathways for leadership progression through the following programs.
All Stars
Fiscal 2026 marked the introduction of All Stars, an
industry first talent identification and development
program for frontline sales personnel. The program is
designed to identify high-potential employees, build their
capabilities through intensive bootcamps and prepare them
for roles with expanded portfolios.
In its inaugural year, the program saw ~12,000 applicants,
of whom 465 were trained in customer management,
relationship building, portfolio management, digital and AI
skills, grooming, communication and professional presence.
Frontline employees to be trained in the next
fiscal through All Stars program
Astros
During the year, the Astros program continued to serve
as a structured acceleration pathway for mid-level leaders
identified through assessment. Participants undergo
specialised development through interactions with senior
leaders, workshops, projects, and peer networking,
and are fast-tracked for promotion with industry-
competitive compensation.
Fiscal 2026 saw the selection of the program s third
cohort, with 70 selects currently undergoing a curated
development journey. Participants in this program also
engage in career conversations with leaders and HR to
support long-term growth. ~200 Astros are now part of
the Enterprise AI Group s Evangelist program, in which
departmental representatives will build AI capabilities,
learn to identify use cases and work with the central
team to customise solutions. The program commences in
April 2026.
Mentorship
Our mentorship program serves as a structured and trusted
platform for leadership development across the Group.
The program includes ManCom members, Subsidiary CEOs
and several Group Heads as mentors, with select SVP I+
employees participating as mentees.
The platform is designed as a safe space where leaders
can discuss their aspirations, goals and challenges while
benefitting from the experience and guidance of senior
leaders. Each mentee develops four meaningful individual
connections during the year, with the structure and
cadence being shaped by the mentor-mentee relationship.
Mentees interacted with 73 mentors through the
Mentorship program in fiscal 2026

Embedding performance, fairness and a values-led culture
The Bank s performance philosophy is built on
transparency, objectivity, fairness and accountability.
Employees are assessed through clearly defined Key Result
Areas (KRAs), achievement targets, and developmental
feedback. Moderation committees chaired by senior
leaders play an important role in this assessment, ensuring
consistent, bias-free evaluations. Learning support is also
provided to managers to make performance conversations
and feedback more constructive and growth-oriented.
To ensure market competitiveness and pay fairness, the
Bank collaborates with Aon Consulting to benchmark
compensation, reward high performance through variable
pay and reinforce the principle of equal pay for equal work.
CEO compensation
The remuneration of the Bank s Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer is in accordance with the directives
issued by the RBI on November 4, 2019. Performance is
evaluated using a Balanced Scorecard that covers Financial,
Internal Process, Compliance, People, Execution, and
Subsidiary metrics. Variable compensation includes a
performance-linked bonus and stock-linked incentives,
structured in line with regulatory requirements and
deferred payout provisions. A specific portion of the bonus
is deferred over three periods, while stock-linked incentives
vest over 48 months. All variable pay components are
subject to malus and clawback clauses in accordance with
the Bank s policies.
Values-led culture
Following the Values Refresh, the focus during the
year shifted to making values more visible in leadership
behaviour and team environments. This was enabled
through 54 Culture Councils, led by Department Heads,
which used survey insights to identify cultural gaps and
drive structured action plans.
Reimagining careers: Skills, mobility & growth
At Axis Bank, internal careers are a distinctive
organisational advantage - enabling us to build leaders who
understand our business, culture, and customers deeply.
We believe that leadership is cultivated by navigating
career opportunities and taking bold bets.
To enable this, we launched our Internal Mobility
proposition - thrive, designed to empower employees to
take charge of their careers, develop diverse skills and
think beyond traditional growth paths.
Our approach is anchored in an internal-first philosophy,
prioritising homegrown talent over external hiring, backed by
robust policies, aligned recruiter and business mindsets, and
an evolved operating model that rewards career progression
through year-round promotions and salary corrections.
Axis Bank is the first Indian Bank to introduce mid-year
promotions, reinforcing this commitment. This initiative
was launched with senior leadership sponsorship and active
engagement with business managers to drive behavioural
change across levels. In parallel, we are working to increase
employee participation on our platform, reaching the last
mile while navigating legacy processes and systems.
As we continue to expand, skills are emerging as the
foundational context layer powering this transformation.
The skills framework sits at the core of our HR ecosystem,
increasingly shaping performance conversations,
promotion recommendations, and feedback processes with
greater objectivity and precision - marking the next phase
of our shift towards a truly skills-based organisation.
At the heart of this evolution is our fully in-house talent
marketplace platform, built with skills as the foundational
layer, where every employee has a distinct profile defined
by unique skill signatures that enable more personalised,
data-driven talent decisions.
17,732
Internal movements*
6,046
Promotions*
Driving cross-functional movements
As part of our internal mobility proposition, we encourage
cross-functional movements, enabling employees to transition
into roles adjacent to their current skill sets. This approach
helps employees acquire new skills, enhances the Bank s skill
intensity, and serves as a retention lever for those seeking
career pivots. 35% of selections this year are cross-functional,
fostering versatility and skill diversity across the Bank.
*over past 3 years
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R E M P L O Y E E S S 5

Values scorecard
Customer Centricity

92%
Transparency

92%
Ownership

90%
Teamwork

89%
Ethics

81%
Creating a Workplace Where People Belong
Fiscal 2026 marked five years since the Bank formally
articulated its Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) charter,
embedding inclusion as an organisational capability. Since
then, we have progressed from defining the foundational
principles to scaling implementation, strengthening
governance, measuring outcomes and integrating inclusion
more deeply into leadership practices, employee experience
and customer systems.
This journey has been guided by a clear ambition - to
achieve 30% women representation by fiscal 2027.
During the year, the Bank advanced this milestone by a
year, reflecting sustained progress and the strength of its
ecosystem-led approach.
At Axis Bank, the institutional foundations of inclusion
were laid through frameworks such as the DE&I Policy,
Human Rights Policy and ComeAsYouAre Charter. These
set the standards for equitable treatment, respectful
conduct and inclusive participation. In parallel, inclusion
capability was embedded early through onboarding and
induction, helping build awareness from the beginning of
the employee journey.
Evolving the language and capability of inclusion
Over time, the Bank s DE&I journey has evolved in a deliberate sequence:
Pause for Bias Gold strengthened the manager's
capability in applying inclusion standards to
everyday people's decisions
Pause for Bias encouraged employees to pause and
reflect, creating awareness around unconscious bias
Gateway to Inclusion reinforced intentional
inclusive behaviours across teams and leadership
routines awareness around unconscious bias
Every day, Inclusion sets the expectation
that inclusion must be demonstrated daily
through leadership conduct, team norms and
routine decisions
The number of Axis Value
Realisers (AVRs) increased from
2,339 to 2,658, reinforcing values-
led behaviour through broader
outreach and recognition.

Governance, leadership, ownership and
community building
The Bank strengthened governance through a DE&I
Council, enabling greater alignment, accountability and
follow-through across groups. Employee Resource Groups
(ERGs) continued to play an important role in building
community and shared ownership.
The Women in Sales ERG focused on improving women s
participation and progression in frontline roles through
sponsorship, mentoring and barrier removal. Pride365,
the LGBTQIA+ ERG, expanded from 7 members to over
1,000 members, strengthening allyship, advocacy and
community support.
Inclusive products and services
The Bank s inclusion journey also continued to shape
customer-facing propositions and product design.

f LGBTQIA+ inclusion: Since its launch in September
2021, the charter has enabled inclusive policies (dress
code, partner benefits, leave) and customer access
(joint accounts, nominees, 'Mx' title). In fiscal 2026,
digital enablement extended this further, allowing all
life partners, including queer partners, to access credit
cards online.

f Women s Banking Program: The program offers women
tailored financial solutions, lending support, travel
privileges, curated benefits linked to life-stage and
lifestyle needs, and improved access to credit. Together,
these initiatives reflect a broader belief that inclusion
must be experienced through access, recognition
and design.
External ecosystem engagement
Our DE&I agenda also extends beyond the organisation
through engagement with students, communities and
peer institutions.

f Students as future DE&I champions: The Bank s
DE&I curriculum on building and leading inclusive
organisations reached 700 students across 18
sessions nationwide.

f Axis Women in Motion: The program continues its
grassroots outreach across towns, hinterlands and
talukas to strengthen women s confidence, aspirations
and financial agency; over five years, the program
has reached 52,000 people through one-to-one and
virtual engagements.

f Axis VIBE (Varsity of Inclusive Business Enterprises)
Since 2022, this platform has reached 157 corporates
through events, seminars and formal engagements to
encourage inclusive business practices.
Research and thought leadership
The Bank continues to participate in broader conversations
on inclusion through research and thought leadership.

f Pink Capital: The Spectrum of Queer Money analysed
LGBTQIA+ participation across financial activities and
access barriers, emphasising inclusive documentation
and product design; the Bank serves over 7,000 gender-
diverse accounts who identified as transgender or
selected the gender neutral title 'Mx'

f The Missing Half: Women and India s Growth
Challenge', led by the Chief Economist, highlights
women s economic participation as a key growth
lever, drawing on global evidence and a survey of
~11,000 women across 42 cities to identify aspirations,
constraints, and system-level levers
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R E M P L O Y E E S S 5

Listening with intent, acting with insight
The Bank has an established listening architecture designed
to ensure employees feel heard, valued and supported.
IT integrates structured surveys, AI-enabled real-time
sensing and responsive support channels to translate
employee voice into action.
Amber, the AI-driven conversation platform, engaged
more than 45,000 employees through over 87,000 chats,
now extending from Day 3 onboarding onward. The year
also saw the launch of Values Voices Survey, aligned to
the Bank s five core value and a refreshed ISAT Survey for
senior roles, using AI to derive deeper insights.
Average feedback touchpoints per employee,
captured annually across our structured
listening platforms
HResponse, our centralised HR query resolution platform,
handles employee queries, enabling a more seamless
support experience.
~1.35 lakhs
Employee queries handled during
the year by HResponse
RetrACE enables employees to revisit their performance
journey and raise grievances regarding performance pool
outcomes, which are reviewed by a Senior Management
Apex Committee. During fiscal 2026, IT was extended to
include earlier performance-stage grievances, allowing
employees to raise concerns during mid-year check-ins
rather than only at year-end. The extension will provide
employees with a more timely and equitable channel
for redressal.
Performance feedback by employee category* (in nos.)
Received from
Fiscal 2024
Fiscal 2025
Fiscal 2026
Top Management
Senior Management
Middle Management
11,506
12,893
12,641
Junior Management
57,150
66,528
67,937
Caring for our people
During fiscal 2026, the Bank continued to invest in creating
an environment where employees feel supported and
empowered to thrive. The efforts included strengthening
access to preventive healthcare, improving financial
protection and expanding well-being support across
physical, emotional and family needs.
Physical well-being and health support
Axis Bank organised several health camps across India in
fiscal 2026, investing more than ₹3 crores in preventive
healthcare and proactive health management, and reaching
over 4,000 employees.
The year also saw enhancements to Group Medical
Coverage, with limits increased for maternity care, cataract
treatment, and ambulance services to reduce out-of-pocket
expenditure and strengthen the employee safety net.
A series of well-being webinars and health sessions
was conducted during the year to promote healthier
habits and greater awareness among employees. These
sessions covered a range of themes, including yoga, office
ergonomics, heart health & cholesterol, eye care, nutrition
and gut health.
Mental wellness ecosystem
The Bank s mental wellness ecosystem is designed to
ensure accessibility, confidentiality and a non-judgemental
experience, enabling employees and their families to
seek support with confidence. Experienced professionals
deliver care and are responsive to both personal and work-
related challenges.
In fiscal 2026, key elements of the mental wellness
ecosystem included the following:

f Queer-affirmative and inclusive care for LGBTQIA+
employees and their families, as well as support
for women, persons with disabilities and diverse
family structures

f Multiple therapeutic approaches, including dance
movement therapy and psychodrama, alongside
conventional counselling

f Group sessions on stress, burnout, grief and
emotional regulation

f Family support services covering relationships,
parenting, trauma and life transitions

Recognising contribution
Recognition remains an important lever for reinforcing
our organisational culture, for celebrating excellence and
strengthening a sense of belonging.
The Champions Awards, the Bank s highest recognition
platform, honoured employees across the Axis Group
who exemplified the organisation s core values. From over
15,000 stories, 117 winners were celebrated by senior
leaders at a gala event, with Mr Swaminathan Janakiraman,
RBI Deputy Governor, as the Chief Guest.
The Bank also continued to run quarterly recognition
platforms, such as Anchors, which recognised 3,590
employees for demonstrating ownership mantras, including
Own the Customer, Own the Brand, Act with Speed, and
Zero Pendency.
Through the OGS program, the Bank celebrated 5,913
employees who completed long-service milestones.
Leadership also honoured 105 employees who completed
25, 30 and 35-year milestones.
Additional recognition platforms included:

f Ahead of the Curve, through which we recognised
384 managers for promoting diversity, inclusion and
team empowerment

f Retiring with Pride, which honoured 32 retiring
employees for their contributions

f Squad Keepers, launched in fiscal 2026, which
recognised 12,364 managers who maintained zero
attrition in frontline teams every quarter, with 570
managers sustaining zero attrition through the
entire year
22,393
Employees recognised through
multiple programs during fiscal 2026

f On Board with Boards, supporting families during exam
periods by addressing anxiety and academic concerns

f Return-to-work support for women and birthing
parents, alongside manager sensitisation

f Wellness Sherpa, a peer-support initiative that trains
employees to provide initial emotional support and guide
colleagues to professional care

f Certification for Sherpas to ensure quality and
consistency in supportive conversations
2,500+ hours
Of counselling sessions organised
in fiscal 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R E M P L O Y E E S S 5

Employer of Choice, By Design
During the year, several recognitions confirmed the Bank s standing as an Employer of Choice.
Among the honours were the following:
Enabling a better employee experience through technology
Technology continues to enhance the employee experience
by making IT simpler, more responsive, and productive.
During the year, the HR Technology team made this
possible by ensuring stronger self-service, better process
controls, analytics and smarter decision support.
A major milestone was the launch of Adi, the Bank s GenAI-
powered HR virtual assistant. Designed to deliver accurate,
first-time-right responses to HR queries, Adi has ingested
more than 1,400 FAQs and 52 policies, significantly
expanding the depth and quality of self-service support.
There was a significant increase in the number of HR
queries handled by Adi during the year, establishing IT as
a primary HR self-service channel.
The Bank also strengthened process controls by automating
critical hiring checks such as PAN deduplication and credit
score verification. The One Axis App continued to provide
a unified self-service experience across the Bank and its
subsidiaries, enabling employees to access attendance,
leave management, travel and query resolution through
a single platform.
In parallel, there was sufficient progress in developing
an Employee Data Lake to centralise lifecycle data and
strengthen analytics across organisation design, headcount,
attrition, productivity, and KRA alignment. We also invested
in an AI-driven Talent Marketplace to support skill-based
internal mobility. Such initiatives are helping simplify
processes, improving decision-making and strengthening
the digital foundations for scale.
61%
Increase in HR queries handled by Adi in fiscal 2026,
making IT a primary HR self-service channel
Embedding sustainability, ethics, integrity and ESG in HR
The Bank s people agenda is closely linked to its broader
commitment to ethical banking, responsible growth and
long-term value creation. By embedding sustainability,
integrity, ethics and ESG principles into HR practices, we
are building a workforce of responsible bankers who uphold
high standards of conduct, support inclusive growth,
and contribute to outcomes that are resilient, trusted
and enduring.
During the year, equity, inclusion and responsible leadership
became more deeply embedded across the people agenda.
We believe lasting value is created when performance is
grounded in trust, capability, fairness and integrity, and
our approach to people continues to reflect this focus with
clarity and discipline.
30%
Women's representation milestone
advanced by a year
Certified by the Top
Employers Institute, and the
only Indian private-sector
bank to feature on the list
Featured among
the Best Places to Work
by The Hindu and WorkL
Included in the
TIME Best Companies
Asia-Pacific list for the
second consecutive year
Awarded the ATD
Best Awards for fostering
a strategically driven
talent management culture

As India s growth deepens through domestic manufacturing, accelerating urbanisation,
digital payments, developing AI ecosystem, increasing rural development, GCC
expansion and rising aspirational consumption, Axis Bank is distinctly well-positioned to
enable this transformation by scaling premium and affluent banking, deepening Bharat
and MSME engagement, and driving digital banking through AI/tech-led efficiencies
across the franchise.
Sustainable wealth creation
for shareholders
As the global economy navigates increasing
geopolitical tensions, emerging financial
vulnerabilities, and a more fragmented and
risk-averse policy landscape, uncertainty
has become an inherent characteristic of
the international system. India, however,
approaches this phase from a position of
relative strength, supported by resilient
domestic demand, credible macroeconomic
buffers, a high degree of strategic autonomy,
and deeper integration into global markets
through recent trade partnerships.
Material Issues Linkage
M2
M15
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage
F. O R I N V E S T O R S S 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

This momentum is further reinforced by the Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSME) sector, long considered
the backbone of the Indian economy, which is gaining structural strength through formalisation, digital enablement,
and improved access to credit, thereby promoting inclusive and broad-based growth. Aligned with these shifts, Axis
Bank is well positioned to harness India s growth trajectory by combining its expansive physical franchise with best-
in-class digital and AI driven capabilities, delivering long term value for investors while contributing to broad based
economic development.
CAGR returns (Axis Bank vs. Indices) as of March 31, 2026
Shareholder wealth creation
The Bank has delivered strong, risk-adjusted returns, outperforming market indices over the near-and medium-term -
underscoring the effectiveness of its strategy focused on sustainable growth, disciplined capital allocation and prudent
risk management. Shareholder returns are further supported by a balanced capital allocation that rewards investors while
preserving financial flexibility for future growth. The Bank s Dividend Declaration Policy targets a minimum payout of 25%
of the equity share s face value from the net profit earned during the year, reflecting its commitment to providing stable
returns to shareholders while retaining sufficient capital to strengthen the balance sheet, invest in growth, and enhance
long-term intrinsic value.
3-year CAGR
Axis Bank
11.3%
Nifty 50
9.3%
Bank Nifty
(5.1%)
1-year CAGR
Axis Bank
5.4%
Nifty 50
(5.1%)
Bank Nifty
(2.5%)
Read more about our Dividend Declaration Policy
https://www.axis.bank.in/docs/default-source/quarterly-reports/dividend-declaration-policy-of-the-bank.pdf
5-year CAGR
Axis Bank
10.8%
Nifty 50
8.5%
Bank Nifty
8.2%

Execution
Financial & operational metrics
Driven by its GPS (Growth, Profitability, Sustainability) strategy, launched in 2019, the Bank has sustained its
transformation momentum and elevated performance standards. A consistent focus on prudent risk management,
disciplined execution, and targeted investments in people, processes, and technology has enabled the Bank to deliver
beyond its GPS commitments, building a stronger, more agile and resilient all-weather institution.
(1) CAGR for fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2019
(2) CAGR for fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2026
(3) Common Equity Tier-1
(4) Excluding technical write-offs
Lifted the growth momentum
Improved profitability considerably
Strengthened the Bank significantly
Advances Market Share
Deposits Market Share
Operating Revenue Growth
Consolidated ROE
NIM
Consolidated ROA
CET 1(3)
PCR(4)
Net NPA
FY 2018-19
4.9%
FY 2025-26
5.7%
FY 2025-26
5.0%
FY 2018-19
4.3%
FY 2018-19
8%(1)
FY 2025-26
13%(2)
FY 2025-26
1.46%
FY 2018-19
0.66%
FY 2018-19
11.27%
FY 2025-26
14.38%
FY 2018-19
62%
FY 2025-26
70%
FY 2018-19
2.06%
FY 2025-26
0.37%
FY 2025-26
3.69%
FY 2018-19
3.43%
FY 2025-26
13.59%
FY 2018-19
8.58%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R I N V E S T O R S S 5

Digital & innovation
Advances in AI and technology-driven disruption are
transforming finance by boosting productivity, refining
risk management, and enabling personalised, scalable
customer engagement.
At Axis Bank, we continue to develop and enhance our in-
house AI capabilities to empower employees via our super
app, 'Siddhi'. Our ongoing investments in technology, data
analytics, and digital infrastructure continue to strengthen
our competitive position. The Bank is also among the
first private banks certified for the Artificial Intelligence
Management System (AIMS), ensuring our commitment
to secure, ethical and accountable AI deployment across
Our digital-first approach is evident in strong customer
adoption and high ratings for our mobile app. The 'Sparsh'
initiative promotes a consistent service culture with
leadership and frontline involvement nationwide. While
leveraging traditional strengths, the Bank is leading India's
digital banking evolution, maintaining top position as a UPI
payer PSP, with lowest decline rates and strong market
share across merchant acquisition, credit card, NEFT and
IMPS transaction volumes, demonstrating the Bank s
execution capabilities in a digital-first economy.
Digital payments leadership (NPCI Data)
36%
Market share in UPI Payer PSP by volume
27%
Market share in IMPS by volume
37%
Market share in NEFT by volume
22%
Market share in merchant acquiring terminals
~14%
Market share in credit cards, ranking as
India s 4th largest player

Value protection
Capital allocation & risk
Axis Bank s approach to long term shareholder value
creation is anchored in disciplined stewardship, with a clear
focus on building a resilient and high quality franchise
across economic cycles. The Bank prioritises profitable
growth underpinned by prudent risk management, strong
capital and liquidity buffers, and a diversified earnings mix -
ensuring sustainability of returns rather than short term
optimisation. This discipline was evident in fiscal 2026,
when the Bank continued to gain market share in advances
despite a cautious industry wide slowdown in retail lending,
by selectively deepening its presence in corporate and
MSME segments while preserving the overall risk adjusted
returns (RAROC).
Central to this strategy is a sustained focus on operational
efficiency and productivity, driven by continued
investments in digital platforms, data led decision making,
and the responsible deployment of advanced analytics
and AI across processes. These initiatives enhance
scalability, strengthen customer engagement, and
improve cost efficiency, while reinforcing governance
and control frameworks. Despite opening 400 branches
in fiscal 2026, the Bank s total headcount declined by
3% and cost to assets improved by 18 bps y-o-y during
this fiscal, reflecting tangible gains in employee and
branch productivity.
With a strong capital position, including a CET 1 ratio of
14.38% which is ~638 bps (including capital conservation
buffer) above regulatory minimum, Axis Bank combines
balance sheet strength, execution discipline, and
technology enabled efficiency to remain firmly committed
to compounding shareholder value through consistent,
risk adjusted returns over the long-term.
Cost efficiency
Cost-to-assets improved
by 18 bps y-o-y in fiscal
Branch expansion
Opened ~400 branches in
Staff strength
Total headcount of 1 lakh+
Capital strength
CET-1 ratio at 14.38%
16.42%
CRAR
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R I N V E S T O R S S 5

Governance and transparency
The Bank s Fair Disclosure Code provides a clear framework
to ensure timely, transparent, and equitable disclosure of
any Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) that
could impact the market value of the Bank s securities.
In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Bank
ensures that such information is first disseminated through
stock exchanges, followed by other public platforms, to
ensure universal, non-selective access.
The Bank consistently shares key updates, including
financial results, corporate announcements, and material
developments, in accordance with the regulatory guidelines
set out in the Fair Disclosure Code. These disclosures are
designed to enable investors and market participants to
make informed decisions. Some of the disclosures available
on the Bank s website include:

f Quarterly earnings investor presentation, earnings press
release and financial results

f Earnings call transcripts and audio/video recordings

f Investor presentations for road shows, conferences and
specific events

f Investor presentations on specific businesses or
subsidiaries of the Bank
Stakeholder engagement
Shareholders form a core pillar of the Bank s growth
ecosystem, supporting both capital formation and long-
term strategic execution.
Likewise, Bondholders are a critical pillar of the Bank s
diversified capital structure, serving as long term partners
in funding growth and balance sheet resilience. The debt
capital market provides the Bank with flexible access to
non equity, non deposit funding, enabling the issuance
of tenor specific instruments and subordinated debt that
strengthens regulatory capital through Tier II qualification.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank successfully raised ₹5,000
crores through the issuance of long term Infrastructure
Bonds in India, aligned with funding requirements for
infrastructure and affordable housing. In the same
year, subordinated debt aggregating ₹1,500 crores and
Infrastructure Bonds amounting to ₹3,000 crores matured,
reflecting the Bank s disciplined liability management and
proactive refinancing strategy.
We engage proactively with our shareholders and
bondholders through disciplined, transparent, and timely
communication, fostering long term partnerships built on
trust and clarity.
The Bank conducts regular interactions through a
structured mix of in-person and virtual meetings, including:

f Post-quarterly earnings calls, the Annual General
Meeting and analysts meetings

f Domestic and international conferences and non-
deal roadshows

f One-on-one and group meetings
Consistent and meaningful engagement enhances market
understanding of the Bank s strategy and performance,
strengthens price discovery and underpins fair valuation -
contributing to sustained investor confidence over the
long term.

As one of India s leading financial institutions, our purpose extends well beyond
banking. We believe meaningful progress is achieved only when communities flourish
- when opportunity, dignity and well-being are not distant ideals, but everyday
realities for every Indian. Anchored in the Anchored in our ethos of 'dil se open',
we approach community development with empathy, openness and an enduring
commitment to inclusion.
Enabling inclusive,
lasting progress
At the heart of our CSR strategy lies a deep
focus on unlocking human potential and
building long-term resilience, especially for
underserved and marginalised communities.
From strengthening rural livelihoods and
expanding access to quality education in
difficult-to-reach regions, to empowering
women through financial literacy and
economic participation, each initiative is
a deliberate step towards a more just and
equitable India.
Material Issues Linkage
M9
M10
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

F. O R C O M M U N I T I E S S 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Our CSR programs are supported by a robust institutional
governance framework. They are guided by the CSR
Committee of the Board and fully aligned with Section
135 of the Companies Act, 2013. We remain committed
to global best practices, drawing inspiration from the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN
SDGs) to ensure our initiatives create lasting social and
environmental impact.
In fiscal 2026, our work spanned diverse geographies and
thematic areas - from border villages to urban informal
settlements; from natural resource management and
climate resilience to cancer care, grassroots sports, and
academic research. Each milestone we achieved was
underpinned by a shared purpose and the collective effort
of communities, partners and institutions committed to
driving meaningful change.
Lives and livelihoods
Fostering income security
through locally relevant
livelihood opportunities
Our core
focus areas
Other
focus areas
A comprehensive
approach to well-being
and community resilience
Education
Transforming access and
quality of education in
India s remotest corners

Lives & livelihoods
In rural India, people's livelihoods are deeply connected to
local economies, community ties, natural resources, and
traditions. While rural communities contribute significantly
to agriculture, livestock, dairy, textiles, artisanal production
and essential public services-the benefits of economic
progress remain uneven across households. Shrinking
landholdings, climate change, water shortage, limited
market access and skill gaps restrict opportunities. Coupled
with changing aspirations and economic pressures, these
challenges are leading to migration and underemployment,
particularly among the youth.
Established in 2011 by Axis Bank Foundation, the
Sustainable Livelihood Program (SLP) is structured to
empower rural households by enhancing their capacity,
improving access, and fostering sustained engagement
towards the betterment of their lives and livelihoods. The
program operates across diverse geographies nationwide
with a focus on aspirational districts, rainfed regions and
other underserved areas where poverty is more prevalent.
IT works with small and marginal farmers, landless, tribal
regions, women, youth, artisans and disadvantaged groups
through context-specific interventions.
SLP combines traditional knowledge with modern practices
to create sustainable livelihood opportunities. IT promotes
capacity-building through training, exposure visits, peer-to-
peer learning, and community institutions. To complement
capacity building, IT aims at improving access to technology,
markets, finance, government welfare schemes and
advanced agricultural techniques. By strengthening
linkages with local institutions such as Panchayati Raj
Institutions (PRIs), three-tier institutions promoted by the
National Rural Livelihood Mission, with market actors and
other stakeholders, the program helps communities build
resilience, enhance incomes and achieve long-term socio-
economic progress.
SLP s integrated model
SLP applies a three-pronged approach of Capacity, Access, and Engagement across various key livelihood areas including
natural resource management, farm productivity, livestock management, enterprise development and health.
45,000+ hectares of land
Brought under watershed management
1.2 million
Trees were planted through afforestation and
horticulture
3,500+
Major and minor lift irrigation systems were made
functional
2,500 hectares
Of pastureland were restored
Natural resource management
SLP strengthens community-led management through
village-level or watershed-level planning while improving
access through integration with Panchayati Raj institutions
and promoting collective action for effective resource
stewardship. Demonstrated outcomes include improved
water accessibility, enhanced soil moisture conservation,
afforestation, development of pasture lands, increased
availability of fodder and water for livestock, formation
of collaborative user groups, fair access for all users, and
consistent maintenance over time.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C O M M U N I T I E S S 5

Farm productivity
Improved access to water enables higher cropping
intensity, supporting multiple harvest cycles and resulting
in increased farm productivity. This is further reinforced
through crop diversification, more reliable water availability,
the introduction of horticulture and floriculture, improved
seed quality, and weather-appropriate crop selection.
Capacity building is complemented by access to locally
produced organic manure and seeds, innovative cultivation
techniques, adoption of small tools and micro-irrigation
systems, and a shift to renewable energy. Farmer
engagement is strengthened through knowledge-sharing
platforms, collective procurement of inputs, aggregation of
produce for sale, and value addition activities that improve
market access and price realisation.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
3.68 lakhs+
Households supported with livelihood planning
3.45 lakhs+
Households supported for Kharif (monsoon farming)
4.19 lakhs+
Households supported for Rabi (winter farming)
Livestock development
Livestock is integral to rural lives and in some regions
households have traditionally reared livestock. SLP builds
community capacity in breed improvement, animal health,
feeding practices and livestock management. Access is
strengthened through linkages to the public veterinary care
system, quality feed suppliers and higher-value markets.
The program also promotes collective action to purchase
feed, manage pasture lands for better water and fodder
access, and for aggregated sales.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
2 lakhs+ households
Supported to improve livelihoods through livestock

Artisanal livelihoods
In rural areas, artisans represent the second-largest
workforce after farmers. While traditional crafts have lost
some of their functional relevance, growing appreciation
for handcrafted products has created new market
opportunities for artisans.
SLP supports artisans through product innovation, design
development, trend integration through incorporation of
seasonal colour palettes, enhancement of quality standards,
and improvement of production capacity. IT helps artisans
develop competencies in product design, market analysis,
customer engagement, and digital tool utilisation. These
measures are progressively strengthening or revitalising
income prospects and encouraging younger generations to
consider traditional craft as a sustainable career path.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
5,000+
Artisans supported
Rural entrepreneurship
Interest in self-employment is rapidly growing among
rural youth. Anticipating increased demand for non-
traditional goods and services in rural areas, SLP has
been supporting aspiring entrepreneurs to set up small
businesses, access various government schemes for
subsidies, conduct market research, product and service
testing, and develop business plans. IT has also been
equipping them with financial literacy, competition analysis,
unit economics, and fundamental management skills
necessary to start or operate profitable enterprises while
enabling them to engage with other entrepreneurs through
supportive networks.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
21,000+
Entrepreneurs supported
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C O M M U N I T I E S S 5

Health and well-being
Good health is fundamental to overall well-being and
resilient livelihoods, particularly in rural India, where
poor health outcomes remain closely linked to persistent
intergenerational poverty, especially among women. SLP
promotes strengthened health-seeking behaviour through
awareness generation, better access to public health
systems, and deeper engagement with frontline providers
across various life stages and groups, including infants,
pregnant women, young mothers, adolescents, and youth.
The program is enabling this shift and facilitating intentional
change toward better health consciousness.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
~1,03,000+
Women trained in better health-seeking practices
~28,000
Households supported with Water,
Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) initiatives
~5,000
Health camps organised
~22,000
Households linked with various health schemes
Mission 4 Million
Rural challenges are dynamic and interconnected, requiring
responses that go beyond short-term support. Building on
two completed phases, SLP has now entered its Mission
4 Million phase, with a sharper focus on scale and depth.
The program seeks to strengthen local capacities, deepen
institutional linkages, and enable meaningful community
participation to build resilient, adaptive rural systems that
can sustain long-term improvements in incomes and quality
of life.
Fiscal 2026 highlights*
2.76 million
Rural households across 33,510+ villages,
across 32 States and Union Territories
supported by Mission 4 Million
This includes
2.65 million
Rural households supported
1.12 lakhs+
Youths trained in vocational skills,
including 31K+ people with disabilities
*As of March 31, 2026

SLP highlights of fiscal 2026
7.12 lakhs+
Households have been positively
impacted
6.93 lakhs+
Of these were rural households
~20,000
Youth were trained in vocational
skills, 6,000+ among them were
persons with disabilities
From unemployment to entrepreneurship
At 29, Manoj from Uttar Pradesh faced multiple challenges. Living with a locomotor disability and caring for
his mother, who has paralysis, he struggled to find a sustainable source of income despite completing Class XII.
Limited awareness of suitable livelihood opportunities kept him unemployed for a prolonged period, placing
significant strain on the household.
His journey towards self-employment began when he was introduced to a project under the Sustainable
Livelihood Program. Through a 10-day Entrepreneurship Development Program, Manoj gained foundational
business skills and exposure to viable livelihood options. Post training, he received support to start an ironing
service in his village and connected with a local entrepreneur for mentorship and handholding.
As his enterprise gained community acceptance, he expanded by opening a small cosmetics shop alongside his
ironing service. This diversification has strengthened his income, enabled better medical care for his mother,
and improved his confidence. Today, Manoj stands as a self-reliant individual and a role model for others in
his community.
Education: Learning with heart, learning for life
Education remains one of the most powerful catalysts for unlocking human potential and driving long-term community
transformation. At Axis Bank, we recognise education not merely as a fundamental right, but as a pathway to dignity,
opportunity, and self-reliance - particularly for children and youth across 20+ states, including some of India s most remote
and underserved regions.
Fiscal 2026 highlights
~16 lakhs
Participants reached across 20+ states
~550 schools
Supported across 6 Northeastern states, where the
Bank has a strong on-ground presence;
10,000+ schools reached across India
~2.3 lakhs+
Educators supported pan-India
60+
Scholars and 130+ advanced researchers supported
across 8 premier higher education institutions
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C O M M U N I T I E S S 5

Our education portfolio follows a three-pillar approach that addresses key barriers across the
learning lifecycle while strengthening access, quality, and outcomes:
Three pillars of Education
Axis DilSe - Access and enabling infrastructure
Launched in 2017, Axis DilSe is our flagship program,
committed to transforming education in India s most
remote and underserved regions. What began with
early investments in difficult geographies has evolved
into a multi-state initiative across the Northeast and
other aspirational regions.
Rooted in our dil se open philosophy, the program
works closely with grassroots organisations and
institutions to strengthen access, improve school
ecosystems, and enable pathways for students to
realise their aspirations. Through residential learning,
school transformation, and community engagement,
Axis DilSe is ensuring that children in geographically
isolated regions are not left behind in India s
growth story.
Through Axis DilSe , the Bank supports Centres of
Excellence across the Northeast, providing structured,
residential coaching for competitive examinations to
underserved youth, with centres supporting 120-280
students over multi-year cycles.
This is complemented by holistic schooling models
such as the Hummingbird School in Majuli, which
provides inclusive residential education to 300+ tribal
students annually, including hostel support.
School transformation and ecosystem strengthening
initiatives with partners such as Sunbird Trust and
Tata Steel Foundation have enabled infrastructure
upgrades, foundational learning interventions, and
community engagement, reaching over 80,000
students across 800+ schools and 950+ anganwadis
in remote geographies.

System strengthening
Our interventions focus on strengthening public
education systems at scale by improving learning
outcomes, teacher capacity, and classroom practices
through structured, long-term partnerships with state
governments and institutions.
Large-scale programs have driven
measurable impact:

f In Odisha, digital maths and science learning is
reaching 4.86 lakhs students across 6,400+ schools,
supported by 18,600+ teachers through curriculum-
aligned digital content

f In Madhya Pradesh, the CM Rise Teacher
Development Program is targeting ~3 lakhs
teachers across all 52 districts, with downstream
impact on ~90 lakhs children

f District-led initiatives such as Shikshagraha have
reached 3.76 lakhs students and 9,200+ educators,
demonstrating improvements in school readiness
and foundational learning

f The Rupantar program has impacted 26,000+
teachers and 3.5 lakhs students, enabling a shift
towards competency-based, experiential learning
At the community level, focused interventions such
as Yellow Rooms and Muheem Leader Fellowship in
UP with a collective reach of 3,500+ students, LIFI
in Madhya Pradesh and Haryana reaching ~ 1,000
students, and English Bridge Program in Chhattisgarh
with a reach of 12,000 students are strengthening
foundational literacy, inclusion, and retention across
high-need geographies.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C O M M U N I T I E S S 5

Higher education, research and innovation
We support academic excellence through long-
term investments in higher education institutions,
research ecosystems, and scholarships, contributing to
innovation and future-ready talent for the country.
Key initiatives include:

f The Axis Bank Centre for Mathematics &
Computing at IISc, supporting 61 scholars and
engaging over 2,100 participants through advanced
research and academic programs

f The FutureTech Building at Plaksha University,
enabling cutting-edge work in AI, robotics, and
emerging technologies, alongside PhD and faculty-
led research

f Partnerships with Ashoka University, supporting
118 PhD scholars and 13 postdoctoral fellows,
and strengthening interdisciplinary science and
research capabilities

f Scholarships across Plaksha, Ashoka and ISDM,
enabling access to quality higher education and
leadership pathways
Together, these pillars enable a continuum of learning
- from strengthening foundational education in
remote and border villages to supporting higher
education, research, and innovation - thus helping
learners realise their full potential.
Our efforts in education are aimed at not only to help
children learn but also towards enabling communities
to aspire, participate, and lead. By investing across
access, systems, and excellence, Axis Bank is building
an education ecosystem where every learner,
regardless of geography or background, has the
opportunity to thrive.

Well being - A comprehensive approach to resilience
Beyond Sustainable Livelihoods and Education, our CSR efforts are designed to address
interconnected social and environmental challenges that influence the overall well-being
and resilience of communities.
Financial inclusion & literacy

f Financial literacy is a critical pillar of our CSR
strategy, with a strong emphasis on enhancing
women s economic participation and financial
capability to enable greater agency, self-reliance,
and long-term financial security. Our initiatives
reached ~2.6 lakhs people across India, including
the empowerment of nearly 1.6 lakhs women
through our partnership with Kalanjiam Foundation

f In addition, our teams conducted ~2,200 financial
literacy and awareness programs and launched
the FI Model Village initiative across 80 villages,
while digitising ~1,000 SHGs to promote cashless
transactions and deepen financial inclusion
Health

f We adopt a systems-oriented, infrastructure-
led, and patient-centric approach, prioritising
cancer care, mental health, paediatric and
developmental healthcare, and specialised tertiary
services. Recognising that sustainable health
outcomes depend on strong institutions, trained
professionals, digital systems, and enabling
care environments our interventions in fiscal
2026 focused on long-term capacity building,
institutional strengthening, and creation of critical
healthcare infrastructure instead of short-term
service delivery

f Through our health initiatives, we reached over
~16,000 direct participants - including patients,
children in institutional care, caregivers, healthcare
professionals, and students - and indirectly
benefitted over ~1.2 crores individuals through
mass awareness initiatives and systemic, national-
level interventions

f The interventions spanned Maharashtra, Uttar
Pradesh, Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, West
Bengal, and pan-India national programs
Environmental sustainability

f Under this theme, we focus on restoring,
conserving, and sustainably managing natural
ecosystems while strengthening community
resilience to climate variability and resource
stress through a landscape based, community led,
and science backed approach. In fiscal 2026,
the portfolio expanded to include rural water
security and watershed based interventions,
recognising water as a critical ecological and
livelihood resource

f During the year, we planted approximately 15 lakhs
saplings and restoring nearly 3,000 hectares of
land, creating dense, community managed urban
green patches and promoting climate resilient,
native species in rural landscapes to improve soil
health, water retention, and ecosystem resilience.
Interventions also supported habitat restoration,
agroforestry, soil and water conservation, and
biodiversity protection - particularly in buffer
zones of national parks and wildlife sanctuaries -
to strengthen ecosystems, support livelihoods and
reduce human-wildlife conflict

f Climate resilience efforts included solar-powered
cold chain infrastructure to reduce post-harvest
losses and flood resilience measures in riverine
regions. Anchored around ecosystem restoration,
biodiversity conservation, water security, climate
resilience, community stewardship, and science-led
planning, the theme program reached over
2 lakh direct participants across 13 states
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R C O M M U N I T I E S S 5

Sports

f Continuing its focus on sports development, Axis
Bank supported athletes across high-performance
and grassroots pathways during the year. Through
its partnership with the Foundation for Promotion
of Sports and Games (FPSG) under the Olympic
Gold Quest program, the Bank supported ~500
athletes and para-athletes across 10 Olympic and 8
Paralympic disciplines

f The Axis Bank Judo Development Program, in
collaboration with the Inspire Institute of Sport
(IIS), provided foundational training to 560 judokas
in Manipur and advanced, fully-funded residential
training to 47 female judokas at the IIS campus in
Karnataka, targeting LA 2028 podium outcomes.
Additionally, Axis Bank partnered with Lakshya
Shooting Club to establish a state-of-the-art High
Performance Centre in Navi Mumbai to develop an
emerging and elite shooting talent
Disaster response and community resilience

f Under the Humanitarian & Relief theme,
we provide timely, need-based support to
communities affected by climate-induced disasters,
particularly floods and cloudbursts, with a focus
on reducing immediate vulnerability and enabling
early rehabilitation

f In fiscal 2026, interventions were concentrated
on flood-affected hill and plain regions, addressing
urgent needs such as food security, temporary
shelter, winter protection, sanitation, and essential
household support. Dry ration kits were provided
together with warm clothing, insulated temporary
shelters, sanitation facilities and school supplies,
with priority given to the most vulnerable groups

f Overall, the interventions reached ~6,000+ directly
affected people across Uttarakhand, Himachal
Pradesh and Punjab
Corporate citizenship initiatives
Axis Cares
Axis Cares is the Bank s flagship employee
engagement platform that fosters a culture of
empathy and encourages Axisians to contribute
meaningfully to society. Rooted in the values of
giving back and personal social responsibility,
IT provides employees with avenues to support
causes they care about through both financial
contributions and volunteering.
Over the years, Axisians have extended their
support across a wide range of social and
environmental causes, including education for
children, environmental and wildlife conservation,
care for senior citizens, preservation of cultural
heritage, promotion of sports and disaster relief
efforts. Employees have also actively contributed
their time by mentoring and coaching young
aspirants preparing to enter the workforce.
Axis Cares reflects a shared commitment among
Axisians to make a positive difference, reinforcing
the Bank s belief in collective responsibility and
purposeful engagement beyond the workplace.

National development requires institutions that are reliable and responsive. Axis
Bank collaborates with central and state governments to strengthen public finance,
service delivery and digital infrastructure, thereby improving outcomes for citizens.
Lending a hand in nation-building
Material Issues Linkage
M9
M10
Capital Linkage
UN SDGs Linkage
F. O R P A R T N E R S - G O V E R N M E N T S 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

A trustworthy, reliable partner
The Bank s Government Business promotes inclusive
growth, transparency, and digital transformation.
Collaborating with state and central governments, IT
facilitates sustainable public finance aligned with initiatives
such as Digital India and national priorities such as financial
inclusion and ESG. The Bank continues to expand its
delivery capabilities and broaden its national footprint to
meet growing banking needs, while investing in technology
to automate and digitise processes, improving efficiency.
The Bank is committed to advancing the government
banking sector and reimagining customer experiences
through a range of tailored products and services.
Currently, the Bank has the mandate to collect direct taxes, state taxes, GST, customs duty, railway
e-freight, civil, defence and railway pensions, Public Provident Fund (PPF), Sukanya Samriddhi Scheme,
and Kisan Vikas Patra. The Bank is among the top performers in the Public Financial Management
System (PFMS) and is an active participant in the Government E-Marketplace (GeM).
RFID Solution
Prepaid card for
pilgrims' expenses
Drone
Aerial Survey
& Mapping
Payment Disbursement Solution
End-to-end digital
procurement
payment process
Fund Management Solution
Fund allocation module
& MIS Dashboard
Loan Management Solution
Loan Disbursement
Platform & Dashboard
WhatsApp Chatbot
Automated
AI-driven messaging
Wallet Management Solution
Wallet solution for
e-Ticketing
Inventory Management Solution
Automated Inventory &
Vendor tracking Module
Tax & QR Collection
Multi-model Payment &
Collection Model
HRM & Solution
Payroll, Employee
Data Management
E-Auction & E-Tendering
End-to-end Collection
& Refunds
Citizen App
Service request &
Utility Payments
Driving Government Business through distinctive beyond banking proposition

Transforming agriculture through Digi-culture
Enabling smarter urban transformation
As a strategic partner to India s ambitious Smart City
Mission, the Bank collaborates closely with municipal
bodies, city administrations, and state governments to
deliver tailor-made banking solutions that meet local needs.
We maintain strategic relationships with over half of India's
Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) to support urban governance.
Our solutions that digitise and streamline municipal
operations ensure seamless payment and collection
processes, thereby enhancing transparency and civic
engagement. By integrating digital technology into public
service delivery, we help cities become more responsive,
sustainable and inclusive.
Among the solutions are:

f Integrated digital services platform enabling efficient
citizen services across ULBs

f QR code-based doorstep property tax solution

f App-based platform that activates digital certifications,
handles grievances, manages revenue and provides
social security services

f Drone-based aerial solutions to strengthen disaster
response and urban planning

f Digital door-numbering solution, enhancing service
delivery, responsiveness and community inclusion
We empower this vital sector through reliable, transparent,
and technologically advanced solutions that create ease
and convenience for farmers and stakeholders within
the agricultural value chain. Our premier digital platform
for electronic procurement facilitates secure, prompt
payments to farmers in accordance with government
procurement regulations. Engineered to manage large-scale
disbursements accurately, the platform provides real-time
reconciliation, bulk transfer functionalities, and a fully
automated interface that minimises delay, mitigates fraud
and fosters trust.
Implementing Direct Benefit Transfers
(DBT) ensures that every rupee
reaches the intended recipients
on time.
Our agricultural engagement spans key states, where we
collaborate with procurement agencies and cooperative
organisations to deploy scalable and effective solutions.
Key engagements in the agricultural sector

f Uttar Pradesh Upbhokta Sahakari Sangh

f Food & Civil Supplies Corporation - in West Bengal,
Madhya Pradesh, and Tamil Nadu

f Bihar State Vegetable Processing & Marketing
Cooperative Federation

f Andhra Pradesh State Farmers eVikraya Corporation

f Himachal Pradesh State Agriculture Marketing Board
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R P A R T N E R S - G O V E R N M E N T S 5

Health & education
We support government institutions with banking solutions
and technology-enabled platforms that enhance efficiency
and citizen access. In healthcare, we introduced AI-based
facial recognition and HRMS software for Bihar's Health
Department to address issues such as absenteeism. This
initiative was replicated in Puducherry and Dadra &
Nagar Haveli under the National Health Mission. We also
collaborate on health projects, such as Gujarat's Ayushman
Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission, contributing to the
development of inclusive health systems.
In the education sector, we enable secure and seamless
transactions through digitised fee-collection platforms for
various state boards and institutions. We also provide fee
automation, reporting dashboards, and customised banking
products to schools, colleges, and universities, including the
Directorate of Education, Goa.
Driving digital mobility infrastructure
We partner with municipal authorities to facilitate efficient
and future-oriented vehicular movement. In Guwahati,
we inaugurated India s first AI and FASTag-enabled
smart parking system in partnership with the Guwahati
Metropolitan Development Authority, thereby eliminating
manual ticketing, enabling contactless entry and exit, and
establishing a new standard in urban mobility.
DBT initiatives
The Bank plays an essential role in enhancing India s
Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) ecosystem by connecting
government welfare initiatives directly with their intended
beneficiaries, ensuring the timely, transparent delivery
of funds. Our DBT platforms support a diverse array
of state and centrally sponsored schemes, including
programs for women and child development, tribal welfare
and urban transformation missions. Through seamless
integration, real-time validation, and direct account
crediting, we prevent leakages and uphold the dignity of
social assistance.
DBT schemes handled

f Krantijyoti Savitribai Phule Bal Sangopan Yojana -
Women & Child Development Department, Maharashtra

f Chief Minister s Atmanirbhar Asom Abhijan - Assam

f Department of Adi Dravidar and Tribal Welfare -
Tamil Nadu

f AMRUT (Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and
Urban Transformation)

f Swachh Bharat Mission (SBM)
In Delhi, we became the exclusive
acquiring bank for RFID-based
FASTag fee collection at Inter-State
Bus Terminals (ISBTs), streamlining
fee collection, reducing congestion,
enhancing transparency, and
promoting cashless transportation.
The Bank aims to be a trusted partner in
nation-building by using technology, scale, and
governance to grow sustainable government
business. The focus remains on digitisation,
inclusion, and transparency to create long-term
stakeholder value.

Environmental stewardship is key to creating lasting value. IT guides us in our endeavour
to finance responsible growth, strengthen resilience and reduce our operational
footprint. Through disciplined capital allocation, climate-aware risk management and
resource-conscious operations, we support the transition to a low-carbon economy
while delivering sustainable value for our stakeholders.
Supporting a lower-carbon
future
As a leading Indian bank, we support
India s development in line with the United
Nations Sustainable Development Goals
(UN SDGs) and the Paris Agreement through
responsible capital, climate risk management,
decarbonisation, resource stewardship, and
habitat restoration.
Since 2021, our ESG Committee has guided
our climate and environmental strategies
and helped strengthen the enterprise risk
frameworks.
Material Issues Linkage
M8
M12
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage
F. O R T H E E N V I R O N M E N T S 6
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Advancing low-carbon
operations
Energy and emissions
Aligned with India s climate goals and global
standards, we target a 3.5% reduction in per-
employee emissions by fiscal 2027, using fiscal
2023 as the baseline. Our decarbonisation
approach focuses on measurable action across
direct operations, purchased electricity, and
select indirect activities to enhance efficiency
and resilience.
We manage emissions across Scope 1, 2, and
3. Scope 1 emissions are tracked through
monthly monitoring of diesel expenditure and
refrigerant leaks, while Scope 2 emissions
are evaluated by tracking monthly electricity
usage and tariff data. Scope 3 impacts, such as
air travel and paper use, are addressed through
digital solutions.
Our key environmental impact arise from energy consumption at our branches, diesel generator
and paper usage, which we have significantly reduced through digitalisation, improved
operational efficiency and investments in green technologies.
Fiscal 2026 ESG highlights
₹45,511 crores
Green lending portfolio
Proposals assessed under the IFC
Performance standards for the
ESG compliances
4.16 million
Trees across 9 geographies
11,594 tCO2e
Scope 1 emissions
145,734 tCO2e
Scope 2 emissions
44,212 tCO2e
Scope 3 emissions
Large offices fully powered by
renewable energy
3.58 million kWh
Annual savings due to CEMS
and other energy efficiency
interventions

f Commissioned a 2 MW
solar power plant in Solapur,
significantly reducing our
carbon emissions

f Procured ~1 MW of solar
energy annually (3.50 lakhs
units) through a PPA for our
Bengaluru Data Centre

f Ensured that our four large
offices - Axis House, Worli;
Data Centre in Bengaluru;
MIDC, Andheri; and The
Ruby, Dadar - operate on
100% renewable energy

f Implemented a cloud-based
CEMS across 600 major
branches and offices

f Enabled remote monitoring
and control of air conditioning
and lighting, resulting in
substantial reductions
in energy consumption,
and maintaining optimal
ambient conditions

f Maintained unity power
factor through Automatic
Power Factor Correction
(APFC) panels at significant
locations, including Axis
House in Mumbai and Axis
House in Noida

f All branches and offices
have LED systems, resulting
in a significant reduction in
energy use

f Electrical vehicle charging
facilities are available at large
buildings, including Axis
House in Mumbai, MIDC
Andheri, and Axis House
in Noida

f Installed star-rated, energy-
efficient air conditioners,
replacing outdated units
and motion sensors at
strategic locations to enhance
energy conservation
Renewable energy
Centralised Energy
Management System (CEMS)
Operational energy
efficiency
Measurable impact in fiscal 2026
2,043.38 tCO2e
Emissions avoided annually
from the Solapur solar
power plant
4,245.80 tCO2e
Avoided renewable energy
procurement for the Bengaluru
Data Centre
~3,336.52 tCO2e
Emissions avoided by not printing
the papers (Digital Banking
interventions)
We continue to invest in renewable energy and energy management initiatives, renew the Green Building
Certification at Axis House-Worli, adhere to IGBC standards at One Axis-Kolkata, and implement green building
and power purchase agreement (PPA) projects in Noida.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R T H E E N V I R O N M E N T S 6

Water conservation
We recognise water as an invaluable resource, essential for sustaining life and our daily operations. We actively implement
measures to conserve water through efficient management, recycling and responsible use practices. Through rainwater
harvesting and innovative recycling solutions, we seek to minimise our water footprint and create a positive impact on the
environment and the communities around us.
Key actions include

f Implementation of a closed-loop water system at the
Bengaluru Data Centre to eliminate water usage in
cooling operations

f Rainwater harvesting infrastructure at Axis
House, Mumbai

f Sewage treatment facilities that recycle water and
reduce freshwater demand

f Sensor-based washbasins, aerators and bio-blocks at
select offices to reduce wastage
Key achievements in fiscal 2026
~2.0 KL
Rainwater harvested annually
at Bengaluru Data Centre
~5.5 KL
Rainwater harvested annually
at Axis House Mumbai
1.
All emission calculations, including intensity assessments, energy
calculations with intensity considerations, water consumption, and
waste estimations, encompass solely Axis Bank s operations within
India. These calculations exclude any subsidiaries.
2. The reporting boundary for waste management is limited to 12
offices for Paper, 6 offices for Plastic, 4 offices for Metal, 1 office
for Battery waste, 12 offices for organic waste, 2 offices for C&D
Waste and E-waste reported for pan-India basis.
3. Scope 1 - Diesel-related emissions are calculated on estimation
basis and Scope 1 - AC - fugitive emissions are calculated on
estimation basis. Similarly, Scope 2 emissions are calculated basis
unit level consumption and expenditure.
Responsible waste management
We continue to strengthen responsible waste management practices through waste segregation, recycling initiatives, and
digital solutions across our operations. Our approach is designed to reduce environmental impact, divert waste away from
landfills and support a circular economy.
Key actions include

f Centralised systems at Axis House, Mumbai and select
major offices across India for segregation and recycling
of dry waste into usable stationery

f Collaboration with certified vendors for safe disposal of
electronic waste from branches and offices nationwide

f Digital banking initiatives, including digital account
opening, e-statements and e-welcome kits, to
significantly reduce paper consumption
Key achievements in fiscal 2026
230.79 MT
Of dry waste (includes paper, plastic, metal & glass)
recycled in select offices (through authorised vendors)
46.18 MT
Of e-waste recycled
pan-India (through
authorised recyclers)
34.76 million
Sheets of paper saved
annually as a result of
various Digital Banking
Habitat restoration
As part of the Bank s ESG commitments, we have
set an ambitious target of planting 8 million trees
by 2030. As of March 2026, through our CSR
initiative, the Bank has planted approximately
4.16 million trees across 9 geographies in India,
including all its plantation programs. This reflects
our effort to create environmental value that
extends beyond our immediate operations and
contributes to a more resilient future.

Investing in a sustainable future
As a leading Indian financial institution, we are committed
to advancing the nation s development priorities
in alignment with the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (UN SDGs) and India s obligations
under the Paris Agreement. Our investments focus on
sectors that foster inclusive growth while promoting
environmental stewardship backed by enabling policies and
strong oversight in place.
Since 2021, the Board-level ESG Committee has provided
strategic oversight of climate-and broader ESG risks,
guiding the continued evolution of our sustainability
agenda. With strong Board direction, and led by the
Risk Management Department, we are strengthening
enterprise-wide climate risk management capabilities and
embedding climate considerations into key risk processes.
This proactive approach enhances operational resilience
and enables us to leverage opportunities arising from the
transition to a more sustainable economy.
Introduced in August 2021, our Sustainable Financing
Framework, aligned to the UN SDGs, serves as a
structured approach for ESG-linked issuances. IT was
the first such framework by an Indian bank to obtain a
Second Party Opinion. Recognising the environmental
and social implications of its operations, the Bank embeds
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) considerations
into its investment decision-making through its ESG Policy
for Lending.
Managing ESG and climate-related risks
Climate related risks are fast emerging as significant
financial risks with implications for businesses, households,
financial institutions and the wider economy. Driven by
both physical climate impacts and the urgency to transition
to a lower carbon economy, these risks, transmitted
through multiple channels, require an integrated risk
management approach as they can potentially affect
business profitability, household wealth and overall financial
stability and may also result in stranded assets.
For financial institutions, climate risks can manifest as
elevated credit, market, underwriting, operational and
liquidity risks, resulting in higher default rates, changes in
asset valuations, gaps in insurance coverage, operational
disruptions and increased pressure on liquidity.
Focus areas of actions undertaken under the Risk functions
Governance
Strengthening Board-level oversight on
climate and ESG risks
Climate and ESG risks are integrated into the Bank s risk
taxonomy and governed under the oversight of the Risk
Committee of the Board, supported by guidance and
oversight of the ESG Committee. The Bank continues to
enhance the Committee s governance and supervision
over these risks and embed them further within its Risk
Management Framework. Under the ESG Policy for
Lending framework, key proposals are also reviewed by
the Committee of Directors of the Board, within the Bank s
overall risk management strategy.
Policy and controls
Inclusion of ESG and climate-related risks
and opportunities in ICAAP
The Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
evaluates ESG and climate-related risks as material risks,
covering both physical risk and transition risk.
Strengthening the ESG Policy for Lending
Since 2015, the Bank s ESG Policy for Lending incorporates
environmental and social risk assessment into its credit
appraisal process in alignment with the IFC Performance
standards and other pertinent global standards. The
implementation of the policy is overseen by the specialised
Environmental and Social Management Group within the
Credit function.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R T H E E N V I R O N M E N T S 6

Adoption of the Sustainable Financing
Framework
The Sustainable Financing Framework, launched in 2021 in
alignment with global standards such as the International
Capital Market Association (ICMA) Principles and the
Green Loan Principles, and with a Second Party Opinion
from Sustainalytics. The Bank has in place an ESG Working
Group that works under the ESG Committee s oversight
to ensure effective management of its sustainable
financing activities.
Risk toolkits
In-house ESG rating model to support credit
assessment
Piloted in fiscal 2023, the ESG rating model has been
adopted as part of the credit appraisal process for select
Wholesale Banking clients. Developed internally in close
alignment with the International Finance Corporation (IFC)
performance standards, IT covers 80+ parameters across
ESG pillars and reinforces the integration of E, S and G
considerations in the Bank s lending practices. During
the current fiscal, the model was further strengthened to
deepen borrower-level ESG assessment.
Building capabilities for stress testing
The Bank is developing stress testing and scenario
analysis capabilities in line with regulatory guidance and
supervisory expectations. External best practices are
also being studied to accelerate learning and strengthen
internal preparedness.
Development of climate risk dashboards
Since last fiscal, the Bank has been enhancing its climate
risk-related disclosures by expanding coverage of key
physical risks and transition risk metrics as well as lending
and financing activities aligned with its Sustainable
Financing Framework. As part of the dashboard, the Bank
actively tracks its transition risk exposures, highlighting
asset quality in identified sectors that IT deems to have
elevated transition risks such as coal and thermal power.
IT also assesses physical risks across retail, rural and SME
portfolios against four major natural hazards in India,
namely cyclones, droughts, heat waves and floods. The
climate risk dashboard is kept updated and presented to the
ESG Committee through the year.
Capacity building
Bank-wide ESG education and participation
During the year, the Bank partnered with Deutsche
Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ)
GmbH, along with IPC GmbH and AuctusESG, to
strengthen its capacity in climate adaptation finance. The
capacity building program covered representatives from
the Bank s Wholesale Banking Coverage, Risk, Treasury,
Sustainability, and Credit teams who participated in a 2
day, intensified training workshop aimed at building an
understanding of climate adaptation finance to be able to
integrate its principles into the Bank s risk management
and lending practices. The program also facilitated cross-
functional collaboration, enhanced internal capabilities
to identify climate vulnerabilities, and approaches for
incorporating adaptation considerations into credit
appraisal and portfolio monitoring processes. This
collaboration also supports stronger institutional readiness
for climate-resilient lending and aligned to India s wider
global collaboration on sustainable development.
Engagement with peers and regulators
The Bank actively engages with industry peers and
regulators on matters relating to ESG and climate-related
risks, and sustainable finance. The Bank s senior leadership
participates in pertinent domestic ESG- and climate-
related committees and formal working groups, including
those under the RBI, Indian Banks Association, CII and
FICCI. During the current fiscal, the Bank participated in
an in-depth engagement with the regulator on physical
risk assessment data and methodology under the Reserve
Bank Climate Risk Information System. The Bank submitted
its inputs and responses to the regulator as part of
this engagement.

ESG Policy for Lending
Formulated in 2015, our ESG Policy for Lending is aligned to the IFC performance standards and other pertinent
international standards and benchmarks. IT is applied to various financial products, including project loans,
corporate loans, lines of credit, bridge loans, overseas funding, consortium/multiple banking, syndicated loans, and
refinance transactions, subject to internal criteria and threshold limits. The Policy also includes an Exclusion List
listing the themes and activities the Bank refrains from lending to.
Fiscal 2026
Cat A
Cat B+
Cat B
Cat C
Cat FI
Total Count
Cases eligible for ESDD
Nil
Nil
COD cases
Review of Project portfolio/Group Companies portfolio w.r.t. IFC Performance standards for the ESG Compliances
Total cases in fiscal 2026
Proposals assessed under ESG
Policy for Lending in fiscal 2026
Cases reviewed by the Committee
of Directors during the year
~₹1,00,000 crores
Total value of proposals
reviewed under the ESG Policy for
Lending in fiscal 2026
The categorisation of cases reflects the status as of March 31, 2026. IT is to be noted that due to material changes in the proposal or project, the
categorisation of cases can also change over the duration of the loan.
In fiscal 2022, projects were categorised as A, B+, B, C, FI under our ESG Policy for Lending. We undertook a self-assessment of the policy under the IFC s ESMS
diagnostic tool, which benchmarks environmental and social management systems (such as our ESG Policy for Lending) against IFC s performance standards and
global best practices. The tool evaluates based on nine parameters, such as policy, due diligence, governance, capacity, and the control environment, categorising
them as State of the Art , Developed , and Emerging . Our ESG Policy for Lending scored State of the Art on four parameters and Developed on three.
The summary of project categories and due diligence under the policy are accessible:

www.axis.bank.in/docs/default-source/default-document-library/document-lists/our-policies/ESG-policy-and-procedure.pdf
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R T H E E N V I R O N M E N T S 6

Cases highlighting Environmental and Social Due Diligence (ESDD)
conducted under the ESG Policy for Lending
Environmental and social
risk assessment
in e-bus portfolio
Axis Bank has financed electric buses
(e-buses) and charging infrastructure to
support intra-city public transport across
multiple states. While aligned with low-
carbon mobility, the Bank conducted a
comprehensive Environmental and Social
(E&S) risk assessment to strengthen
portfolio risk management.
Key risk areas assessed included:

f Physical climate risks affecting e-bus
depots and charging infrastructure

f Electric vehicle (EV) battery-related
fire risks

f Road safety considerations

f Gender-Based Violence and Harassment
(GBVH) risks in public transport settings

f Supply chain risks associated with EV
components and infrastructure

f Water usage risks, particularly in regions
classified as high water stress zones
A key focus was evaluating Emergency
Preparedness and Response Plans (EPRP)
for on-road operations to ensure passenger
safety and operational resilience. This
approach reflects the Bank s commitment
to embedding strong E&S safeguards and
ensuring its clean mobility investments are
both sustainable and responsible.
Enhanced due diligence
in renewable energy
lending
Axis Bank has supported large-scale renewable
energy projects as part of its low-carbon
transition. Despite the sector s White
Category classification and limited regulatory
requirements, the Bank undertook rigorous due
diligence to identify and mitigate risks across the
project lifecycle.
Key assessment areas included the following:

f Labour and working condition risks within the
supply chain

f Biodiversity risks arising from project and
surrounding activities

f Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement
risks, including stakeholder grievances

f Community and stakeholder grievance
management mechanisms

f Potential microclimatic impacts such as the
albedo effect (changes in surface reflectivity)
The Bank conducted biodiversity assessments
using IBAT aligned with IUCN standards,
alongside detailed avian studies to assess species,
habitats, and environmental impacts. This
reflects Axis Bank s commitment to exceeding
regulatory norms and ensuring renewable
investments are environmentally responsible and
socially sustainable.
Case study
Case study

In 2021, under the oversight of the ESG
Committee of the Board, the Bank committed
to accelerating its lending activities towards
defined sustainability goals. In fiscal 2026, the
public target for ESG-aligned lending under
Wholesale Banking was achieved, and revised
its public targets for Retail Two-wheeler and
Four-wheeler EV lending upwards and remains
on track in line with the revised targets.
The Bank shall continue to review these
targets periodically, considering the evolving
macroeconomic environment and sectoral
developments across both the Wholesale
Banking and EV lending portfolios. The targets,
along with the Bank s performance against
them in fiscal 2026, are presented here.
₹60,000 crores
Incremental financing under Wholesale Banking to sectors with
positive social and environmental outcomes by fiscal 2030
(from fiscal 2021)
8%
Increase in share of EV loans in
two-wheeler loan portfolio by 2027*
7%
Increase in share of EV loans in
four-wheeler passenger loan portfolio by 2027*
9.01%
Penetration* for two-wheelers
7.2%
Penetration* for four-wheelers
Target
Revised target
Fiscal 2026 achievements
Fiscal 2026 achievements
*Penetration achieved in each fiscal in 4W and 2W segments, respectively
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R T H E E N V I R O N M E N T S 6

Scaling the green wholesale portfolio
We continue to strengthen our Wholesale
Banking portfolio by expanding lending
to sustainable sectors such as renewable
energy generation, urban mass transport,
electric mobility and green infrastructure.
Through this approach, the Bank aims to
support the development of low-carbon
and future-ready infrastructure while
aligning its financing strategy with broader
sustainability objectives.
Decarbonising our lending portfolio
In line with its internal targets, Axis Bank is progressively
moderating its exposure to carbon-intensive sectors such
as thermal power and coal within its Wholesale Banking
portfolio, thus actively aligning with India s Net Zero
aspirations. While thermal power is expected to continue
to play a role in supporting the country s economic
growth over the medium term, the Bank recognises that
India s long-term transition to a low-carbon economy
will be shaped by accelerated investments in renewable
energy, green hydrogen, carbon markets and clean
technology innovation.
In this context, Axis Bank remains committed to aligning
its financing approach with the evolving energy transition
landscape. The Bank also acknowledges that this
transition must be inclusive and equitable, ensuring that
vulnerable communities and sections of society are not
disproportionately impacted in the process.
1.4%
Percentage of exposure to thermal power generation
and coal mining, logistics and trading in the Bank s
total exposure (as of March 31, 2026)
Impetus to Retail EV financing
In line with its ESG commitments, the Bank has
established strategic partnerships with Original Equipment
Manufacturers (OEMs) to support the steady growth
of Electric Vehicle (EV) adoption. Reflecting its strong
ambition in this area, the Bank revised its EV lending
targets upward during the year.
The target share of EVs in the two-wheeler loan portfolio
has been increased from 6% to 8%, while the target share
in the four-wheeler passenger vehicle loan portfolio has
been raised from 4% to 7%, both by 2027 (measured as
the percentage share of EVs in rupee terms). This upward
revision underscores the Bank s commitment to enabling
cleaner mobility solutions and supporting India s transition
towards a lower-carbon transportation ecosystem.
22,400
EV loans offered in fiscal 2026
The Bank promotes EV adoption through a combination
of customer-focused offerings and strategic partnerships
with OEMs. A market-leading interest rate discount
of up to 0.5% for retail EV customers, coupled with
special arrangements with select OEMs and higher
payout structures, has helped strengthen the Bank s EV
financing proposition.
During the year, the Bank further deepened its engagement
with EV ecosystem participants, including dealers,
manufacturers and other stakeholders in the commercial
EV segment. These partnerships have enabled the Bank
to expand its reach and remain responsive to sectoral
developments such as advancements in battery technology
and changes in subsidy support.
Reflecting its continued confidence in the sector, the Bank
has also communicated to the ESG Committee its intention
to set fresh targets for EV financing across two-wheeler
and four-wheeler loan portfolios.
Green Lending Portfolio (in ₹ crores)
FY 2025-26
45,511
FY 2024-25

22,160
FY 2023-24

18,907
FY 2022-23

18,142
FY 2021-22

12,255
FY 2020-21

9,753

Partnering to accelerate EV transition in India
Axis Bank continues to play a pivotal role in accelerating India s electric mobility transition through innovative, guarantee-
backed financing structures. Under its guarantee agreement with GuarantCo, IT is enabling scalable capital deployment across
both retail EV adoption and electric public transportation. From supporting green bond issuances for electric two-wheelers to
financing large-scale e-bus fleets under government programs, the Bank is actively deepening its presence across the
EV value chain.
Muthoot Capital s ₹1.5 billion Green
Bond Issuance
In 2025, in association with GuarantCo under the
broader Axis Bank e-mobility framework, Muthoot
Capital Services Ltd. raised a ₹1.5 billion listed
green bond, backed by a 65% partial guarantee
from GuarantCo. The financing is to be used for
on-lending to customers for the purchase of new
electric two-wheelers, thus supporting the growth
of the e-mobility ecosystem.
Extending ₹2.22 billion loan to
Chartered Speed
In December 2025, under its partnership with
GuarantCo, the Bank approved a ₹2.22 billion
loan (currently ₹10 million has been disbursed) for
CSL Mobility I Pvt. Ltd. (subsidiary of Chartered
Speed Limited) under the PM e-Bus Sewa scheme.
Backed by GuarantCo s 66.66% partial credit
guarantee, this financing will support the scaling
and operation of a 300+ fleet of e-buses and
associated charging infrastructure across four
cities in Chhattisgarh and one city in Meghalaya,
advancing clean public transport in India.
Axis Bank: Consistently at the forefront of sustainable financing in India
Axis Bank s sustainable financing journey reflects a sustained effort to build frameworks, access capital, and support
thematic financing aligned with climate and broader sustainability priorities. Over the years, the Bank has marked several
important milestones in this space.
First Indian bank to issue Green Dollar Bond
In 2016, Axis Bank became the first Indian bank to establish a Green Framework and raise $500 million
through a Green Dollar Bond, while also maintaining a Green Register to track project allocations
and utilisation.
First Asian Bank to raise ESG-complaint Dollar AT1 Bond ($600 million in 2021)
In 2021, the Bank further strengthened its sustainable finance architecture by implementing its
Sustainable Financing Framework and raising an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)-compliant
Additional Tier 1 Dollar Bond of $600 million, with Sustainalytics serving as the Third-Party Opinion
provider. The framework also supported diversification of sustainable funding sources through dollar
loans from foreign banks, including HSBC and MUFG.
RBI issued Sovereign Green Bond Framework (Nov 2022)
In fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India came up with its inaugural Green Bond Issuance and the Bank
participated actively in such issuances.
IFC s largest Green and first Blue Loan ($500 million loan) (Sept 2024)
More recently, in September 2024, Axis Bank secured the International Finance Corporation s largest
Green Loan and first Blue Loan of $500 million, reflecting the Bank s commitment to both climate and
water sustainability across areas such as renewable energy, energy efficiency, and water and sanitation.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. O R T H E E N V I R O N M E N T S 6

Green Retail Products
Green Home Loans
In November 2023, Axis Bank partnered with Mahindra
Lifespace Developers Limited to provide home loans for
green homes, enabling Mahindra Lifespaces customers
to access home loans at interest rates 0.25% lower than
standard home loan rates. The collaboration also features
a seamless application and disbursal process with reduced
paperwork, supporting efficient document management
and lower paper use.
Through this partnership, the two organisations aim to
encourage customers to choose sustainable housing
projects and adopt eco-friendly practices in their daily lives.
Mahindra Lifespaces stated that its portfolio is 100% green
and that IT is committed to building only Net Zero homes
from 2030 onward.
Rooftop solar
In fiscal 2026, Axis Bank continued to strengthen its green
financing portfolio by expanding rooftop solar financing
across multiple customer segments. The Bank supported
the clean energy transition in the agricultural sector
through its PM KUSUM offering, enabling financing for
solarisation-related investments under the Government s
renewable energy program. IT also scaled support for
enterprises through the Axis Bank MSME Rooftop Solar
Finance Scheme, helping MSMEs adopt rooftop solar
solutions and improve energy efficiency.
For residential customers, the Bank further advanced
sustainable retail lending through its green home loan
proposition, supporting the integration of environmentally
responsible features within home financing solutions.
In addition, Axis Bank entered into an MoU with SIDBI
under the GIFT Scheme to deepen green investment
financing, including support for renewable energy, green
buildings, transport and energy-efficient assets. Through
these initiatives, the Bank is enabling wider adoption of
clean energy solutions while contributing to India s low-
carbon and inclusive growth agenda.
Other marquee transactions
Sustainable Club Loan of $150 Mn from
HSBC & MUFG
The Bank concluded a Sustainable Club Loan from HSBC
and MUFG for a total of $150 million in GIFT City branch
in May 2023, aligned with its Sustainability Financing
Framework*.
$200 million bilateral loan from MUFG under
the Sustainable Financing Framework
The Bank availed a $200 million bilateral loan from
MUFG in March 2024 aligned to its Sustainable Financing
Framework. The purpose of the loan is to finance and/
or refinance eligible green projects and/or eligible
social projects.
Lead arranger in Biocon s acquisition
of Viatris
Axis Bank was the lead arranger for a sustainability-linked
loan in the pharmaceuticals and biomanufacturing sector
in the Asia-Pacific region, with the proceeds earmarked to
support Biocon Biologics acquisition of the global Biosimilars
business of its partner, Viatris Inc. This is one of the largest
outbound cross-border M&A financings from India.
Engagement with subsidiary entities
Under the One Axis framework, the Bank works closely
with its business segments and subsidiaries to strengthen
ESG understanding, alignment, and implementation across
the wider Axis ecosystem. Through regular engagements
with subsidiary companies, IT helps build their ESG
capabilities, share best practices, deepen awareness of
emerging priorities, and foster a One Axis approach to
sustainable value creation. These interactions help enhance
preparedness, encourage knowledge exchange, and support
the Bank s collective efforts to embed ESG considerations
more effectively across the Group.
*Read about our Sustainable Financing Framework
https://www.axis.bank.in/docs/default-source/default-document-
library/axis-bank-sustainable-financing-framework.pdf

Governance
At Axis Bank, governance combines oversight,
accountability, and ethical conduct to strengthen
trust and support the long-term sustainability
of our franchise.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Governance
Governance

Enduring value is created when leadership is anchored in transparency, rigorous
oversight, and responsibility. Our governance framework helps ensure that every
decision reflects integrity and fairness and upholds long-term stakeholder interests.
Beyond mere compliance, this model reinforces our corporate culture, clarifies
accountability, and strengthens institutional resilience.
Institutional excellence through
a disciplined approach
At Axis Bank, our governance framework
serves as a strategic compass, guiding
decision-making, risk oversight and ethical
conduct within a dynamic banking landscape.
Built upon principles of transparency
and fairness, this model ensures prudent
expansion while upholding the highest
standards of integrity and stakeholder
confidence.
Material Issues Linkage
M1
M2
M3
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

C. O R P O R AT E G O V E R N A N C E
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Governance at a glance
Directors on the Board
Independent Directors
61.54%
Board independence
Women Directors
23%
Women's representation on the Board
>99%
Average attendance at Board meetings
Committees chaired by Independent Directors*
* Excluding the Committee of Whole-Time Directors and the Review Committee,
which cannot be chaired by an Independent Director.
Why this matters
Governance is central to how we preserve
trust, maintain regulatory rigour, strengthen
oversight, and create enduring value for
customers, shareholders & investors
employees, regulators, and communities.
Our model includes an experienced and diverse Board, specialised Committees of the Board,
disciplined leadership, robust control functions and clear lines of accountability, all of which safeguard
stakeholder interests and promote sustainable growth and value creation.
Governance

A governance framework designed for clarity,
oversight and disciplined execution
Our governance framework is anchored in transparency,
accountability and ethical conduct, reflecting our
value system across every layer of our culture, policies
and stakeholder relationships. With a commitment to
responsible leadership and openness to scrutiny, IT clearly
defines roles, responsibilities and reporting structures
across the Board, Board Committees, executive leadership,
management and operating functions.
The Bank s governance structure is multi-tiered, enabling
a strong balance between strategic guidance, independent
oversight, disciplined execution and operational
accountability. This ensures that decisions are aligned with
the Bank s purpose, risk appetite and long-term strategic
priorities, while responsibility remains clearly assigned at
every level.
Governance supports value creation
Clear Accountability | Strong Oversight | Ethical
Conduct | Effective Risk Governance | Better
Institutional Resilience
Multi-tiered governance architecture
Sets the strategic direction for the Bank
and oversees governance, performance,
risk and stakeholder stewardship
Provide focused oversight on specific areas
including audit, risk, remuneration, customer
service, digital strategy, ESG and fraud monitoring
Drive performance, operational
excellence and implementation of
Board-approved strategies
Lead strategic execution and oversee
major business verticals and
institutional priorities
Execute operations, deliver
services and manage risks in
alignment with governance
and strategic goals
Beyond compliance
The Bank believes in going beyond the law to uphold
best-in-class corporate governance practices,
supported by strong Board processes, internal control
systems and a rigorous audit mechanism.
Board
of Directors
Board
Committees
MD & CEO and
Executive Directors
Executive Committees
Business units and
supporting functions
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
C. O R P O R AT E G O V E R N A N C E

A Board shaped by independence, diversity and depth of expertise
The Board is constituted in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013; the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015; the Banking Regulation Act, 1949; the RBI
guidelines; the Articles of Association of the Bank; and
other applicable laws and amendments as notified by the
regulators from time to time. Its composition ensures a
combination of executive insight, independent judgement,
sectoral knowledge and long-range strategic perspective.
As of March 31, 2026, the Board comprised 13 Directors,
including the Managing Director & CEO, three Executive
Directors, eight Independent Directors and one Nominee
Director from the Life Insurance Corporation of India,
the Bank s promoter. The Board continues to be led
by an Independent Director and Part-time Chairman,
reinforcing the strength of balanced oversight and
independent governance.
Board profile

f 62 years - average age of the Board

f 10 Directors with more than 35 years
of experience

f 7.5 hours of training attended by Directors
Board tenure

f 9 Directors with tenure of less than 4 years

f 2 Directors with tenure of 4-6 years

f 2 Directors with tenure of more than 6 years
Diverse Board skills
We believe that a diverse and engaged Board is essential to long-term success. Our Board brings together distinguished
professionals with experience across diverse fields, including finance, banking, risk management, information technology,
business management, human resources, law, agriculture, & rural economy, small-scale industry and others. This breadth
enables more informed oversight of both current priorities and future transitions.
Accountancy
% of Directors
Number of Directors
38%
Agriculture & Rural Economy
% of Directors
Number of Directors
23%
Banking
% of Directors
Number of Directors
69%
Economics
% of Directors
Number of Directors
15%
Finance
% of Directors
Number of Directors
85%
Co-operation
% of Directors
Number of Directors
8%
Law
% of Directors
Number of Directors
15%
Small-Scale Industry
% of Directors
Number of Directors
15%
Information Technology
% of Directors
Number of Directors
77%
Governance

Committee oversight that deepens
rigour across the Bank s material priorities
To enable focused deliberation and more effective oversight, the Board has constituted several Board-level
Committees. These ensure a detailed review of matters critical to the Bank s resilience, service quality, digital
readiness, stakeholder trust and responsible growth. Committee Chairpersons regularly brief the Board on key
discussions and outcomes, ensuring continuity of oversight and informed governance at the highest level.
Stewardship, Assurance and Control
Audit Committee
Reviews audit findings, internal controls, compliance
matters, functioning of the whistleblower and
vigilance mechanism, related party transactions and
financial reporting integrity. IT also oversees the
appointment of auditors, the Group Chief Compliance
Officer, and the Group Chief Audit Executive.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
I Re
Special Committee of the Board of Directors for
Monitoring and Follow-up of cases of Frauds
Monitors fraud cases, staff accountability, and the
functioning of the Fraud Review Council,
ensuring systemic corrections and
timely reporting to regulators.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
C. I Re
Risk Management
% of Directors
Number of Directors
69%
Payments & Settlement System
% of Directors
Number of Directors
31%
Human Resources
% of Directors
Number of Directors
85%
Business Management
% of Directors
Number of Directors
77%
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
C. O R P O R AT E G O V E R N A N C E

IT and Digital Strategy Committee
Oversees IT strategy, cybersecurity incidents,
technology alignment with business objectives,
IT operations and digital transformation journey.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
C Re
Review Committee
Considers proposals relating to the classification of
borrowers as wilful defaulters.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
C I
Risk Management Committee
Oversees the Bank s risk strategy, risk appetite, risk
management policies, monitors limits across risk
categories and reviews the appointment of the Chief
Risk Officer.
Capitals impacted
Stakeholders impacted
I Re
Acquisitions, Divestment and Mergers Committee
Reviews and recommends proposals relating
to mergers, acquisitions, strategic investments
and divestments.
Capitals impacted
Stakeholders impacted
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Guides the Bank s ESG strategy, highlights material
ESG issues, reviews ESG-related policies and advises
on performance metrics and targets.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
N. Re V Ra
Committee of Directors
Oversees credit policy, exposures, settlements,
treasury investments and critical business proposals.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
C. I Re
Strategy, technology and future-readiness
People, stakeholders and service governance
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Oversees Board and senior management composition,
performance, remuneration and human
resource strategy.
Capitals impacted
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
I Re
Stakeholders impacted
E
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Oversees security holder grievances and adherence
to service standards.
Governance

The Bank has additionally established a Committee, comprising the
Whole-Time Directors (i.e. the Committee of Whole-Time Directors), to
oversee delegated operational, administrative, and business matters.
Customer Service Committee
Reviews complaints, customer-centric policies,
initiatives to enhance customer service standards and
the overall customer experience.
Capitals impacted

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Oversees CSR strategy, CSR projects, fund allocation
and alignment with the Bank s social and
environmental commitments.
Capitals impacted

Stakeholders impacted
N. I Re
Stakeholders impacted
Read more about the Committees in the
Statutory Reports section from page 301-312
forming part of this report.
A culture anchored in ethics, compliance and accountability
Our policy framework aims to strengthen integrity, fairness,
accountability, and responsible decision-making
in daily actions.
Our policies
Code of Conduct and Ethics
Our Code of Conduct and Ethics embodies the Bank s
dedication to ethical conduct and integrity, and
commitment to its fundamental values. IT delineates
expectations for employee behaviour, promotes adherence
to regulatory standards, and establishes mechanisms for
reporting ethical violations. New employees acknowledge
the Code, while current personnel reaffirm their
commitment annually.
Whistleblower and Vigil Mechanism
The Bank upholds a strict zero-tolerance policy regarding
violations of the Code of Conduct and the Ethics Policy.
Its Whistleblower Policy and vigil mechanism facilitate
the reporting of fraudulent, illegal, corrupt, or unethical
conduct while safeguarding the whistleblower's anonymity
and interests through a dedicated online platform.
Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery
The Vigilance function of the Bank is overseen by a Board-
approved policy and led by the Chief of Internal Vigilance.
This role entails promoting preventive vigilance, assisting in
policy development, and reporting to the Audit Committee.
Principal initiatives include Vigilance Awareness Week,
annual staff declarations, training programs, and
measures to ensure that service providers also adhere to
vigilance standards.
Conflict of Interest Policy
The policy aims to identify, prevent, and manage conflicts
between employees and stakeholders. Employees are
expected to avoid situations that compromise objectivity, to
prioritise the Bank s interests, and report potential conflicts
to the Ethics Department.
Strengthening compliance in a
demanding regulatory environment
During fiscal 2026, the regulatory environment for Indian
banking continued to evolve, with an increased emphasis
on financial stability, digital resilience, customer protection,
data privacy, governance discipline, and responsible
banking. In response, the Bank continued to enhance its
compliance framework, refine regulatory oversight, and
reinforce enterprise-wide accountability.
The Compliance function provides critical support to the
Board and senior management through periodic updates on
regulatory developments, compliance risk exposures, and
emerging vulnerabilities. Additionally, the Bank has utilised
technology to automate regulatory tracking, compliance
monitoring, and reporting, thereby enhancing visibility and
responsiveness across the organisation.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
C. O R P O R AT E G O V E R N A N C E

People's capability in compliance
In fiscal 2026, the Bank conducted a
comprehensive assessment of its compliance
staffing and skill sets. IT enhanced its capabilities
through targeted recruitment and training
initiatives, ensuring that each business sector
is supported by advisory resources with the
appropriate regulatory expertise.
Group governance and
One Axis alignment
As a financial conglomerate, the Bank has
enhanced oversight across its subsidiaries through
a more cohesive Group governance framework.
This encompasses policy alignment, Group-
level compliance monitoring, review of licensing
conditions, structured oversight by the Subsidiary
Governance Committee, and coordinated guidance
from the Group Chief Compliance Officer. This
strategy underpins the One Axis philosophy by
fostering enhanced conduct, aligned regulatory
engagement, and integrated compliance oversight
throughout the Group.
layered authentication protocols, 24/7 real-time transaction
monitoring, enterprise analytics, and ecosystem-level
interventions to combat scams, phishing, and cybercrime.
Additionally, the Bank continued investing in more robust
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) monitoring and enhanced
due diligence through AI-driven and workflow-led systems.
Six pillars of the Fraud Prevention
Framework
Customer empowerment
and control
Zero-trust onboarding and
identity verification
Robust authentication
and access security
Real-time transaction
monitoring
Data-driven analytics
and automation
Ecosystem-level fraud
prevention
Building a resilient, trusted and
fraud-resistant Bank
Safeguarding against fraud and money laundering is vital for
customer trust, regulatory confidence, and financial system
integrity. As digital banking grows, the Bank continues to
improve governance, analytics, technology, and awareness
to help customers transact with confidence and to make IT
more difficult for fraudsters to exploit systems.
The Financial Crime Intelligence function draws its
mandate from the Bank s commitment to ethical conduct,
regulatory compliance, and customer trust. Our fraud risk
management strategy is founded on sustained investment
in advanced controls, data intelligence, analytics,
AI-enabled detection, and proactive risk management.
Rather than merely mitigating risk, we aim to position fraud
prevention as a significant differentiator for the Bank.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank reinforced its fraud prevention
framework by implementing customer-controlled digital
security features, zero-trust onboarding procedures,
Governance

Building resilience in a changing world
As the operating environment grows more complex, resilience becomes defined
by strong judgement and governance. At Axis Bank, we see risk management
as a strategic lever for sustainable growth, enabling us to anticipate emerging
risks, respond with agility, and advance with confidence and responsibility.
In an environment characterised by regulatory change, rapid digital transformation, evolving customer
behaviours and climate change, our approach to risk management remains proactive, disciplined, and
thoroughly integrated into decision-making processes.
Risk Management Framework
Our approach to risk management extends beyond merely
safeguarding assets; IT aims to reinforce confidence in
each decision. Founded on clearly articulated governance
structures, comprehensive policies, disciplined oversight,
and collective accountability, our Risk Management
Framework empowers the Bank to anticipate uncertainties,
respond proactively, and pursue opportunities
with responsibility.
The framework facilitates the proactive identification,
evaluation, monitoring, and mitigation of risks across the
organisation. Supported by an independent Risk function
and strict Board oversight, this framework enhances
resilience across the Bank's business units, operational
processes, and digital ecosystem.
Risk Governance Structure
The Board of Directors maintains overarching responsibility
for risk oversight. This obligation is exercised directly
through the Board's Risk Management Committee (RMC),
which serves as the primary authority for risk governance at
the Board level. The RMC is supported by an independent
Risk function led by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), ensuring
risk considerations remain integrated into strategic and
operational decision-making.
At the executive level, specialised committees provide
targeted oversight across critical risk domains. These
include the Credit Risk Management Committee,
Operational Risk Management Committee, Asset and
Liability Management Committee, Information Systems
Security Committee, Central Outsourcing Committee,
Business Continuity Planning Management Committee,
APEX Committee, Subsidiary Governance Committee,
and Enterprise & Group Risk Management Committee.
Collectively, these committees promote enterprise-
wide vigilance, prompt escalation, and disciplined
implementation of authorised policies and frameworks.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
R. I S K M A N A G E M E N T

Board of Directors Ultimate Oversight
Risk Management Committee Primary Risk Governance
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Independent Risk Function Strategic & Operational Integration
Executive Level Committees
Risk Management Committee members
Key achievements of RMC
in fiscal 2026

f Enhanced governance around
risk appetite

f Stress testing framework

f Strengthened cybersecurity

f Enhanced monitoring for unsecured
lending, including models

f Regulatory reporting enhancement

f Risk & compliance culture
Key focus areas for
fiscal 2027

f Process simplification

f Ensuring cybersecurity

f More focus on unsecured lending,
Bharat & Digital

f AI-led processes and technology

f Risk & compliance culture
Proactive management of these issues
will contribute to credit-led growth
in the retail space while maintaining
a necessary focus on cybersecurity,
technological resilience, and the
embedding of sustainability through a
robust risk culture.
G. Padmanabhan
Chairperson,
Independent Director
Girish Paranjpe
Independent Director
Pranam Wahi
Independent Director
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
Enterprise-Wide Risk Visibility | Timeline Escalation | Disciplined Execution
Credit Risk Management
Committee (CRMC)
Information Systems Security
Committee (ISSC)
Apex Committee
Subsidiary Governance Committee (SGC)
Operational Risk Management
Committee (ORMC)
Central Outsourcing Committee (COC)
Asset & Liability Management
Committee (ALCO)
Enterprise & Group Risk Management
Committee (EGRMC)
Business Continuity Planning
Management Committee (BCPMC)
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director
& CEO
Governance

Foundational pillars of Risk Management
Risk philosophy
At Axis Bank, risk management is regarded as a
collective responsibility. We acknowledge that
trust is priceless; consequently, adherence to
compliance standards, integrity, and safeguarding
stakeholder interests are imperative. This
understanding cultivates a culture where
prudent behaviour and responsible development
coexist harmoniously.
Risk appetite and policies
A clearly defined risk appetite, approved by the
RMC and the Board, supports informed decision-
making across the organisation. Board-approved
policies transparently define our risk-taking
boundaries, while executive committees and
the Risk Management Department ensure
disciplined implementation.
Risk identification and mitigation
The Risk Management Department monitors
emerging risks vigilantly and reports them through
established mechanisms such as ICAAP and risk
dashboards. In close coordination with business
units, IT facilitates prompt mitigation measures
and promotes greater ownership of risk in
daily operations.
Risk culture
A robust risk culture is reinforced at all levels of
the Bank. The Board and senior management
lead by example, while the Compliance function
and Risk Management Department help embed
accountability, transparency, and openness across
the enterprise.
R. I S K M A N A G E M E N T
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Managing material risks with discipline and depth
Our Risk Management Framework is designed to address material risks proactively through clear accountability, defined
methodologies, and regular review. Across financial and non-financial risks alike, our objective is to protect balance sheet
strength, preserve stakeholder confidence, and support responsible growth in a changing operating environment.
Mitigation measures
Wholesale Banking: Internal ratings form
the core of our risk management, guiding
risk acceptance, setting exposure limits,
supporting sanction approvals, informing
pricing, and determining review cycles.
Retail portfolio: Product-specific
scorecards are employed for retail clients,
including small businesses and small
agricultural borrowers. An independent
validation team rigorously assesses
these credit models to ensure strong
discriminatory power, accurate calibration,
and sustained performance over time.
Credit Risk
Credit risk is the potential financial loss arising when a counterparty, such as a customer,
borrower, or security issuer, fails to fulfil contractual obligations. Our credit risk
management aims to maintain asset quality and control concentration risk across both
individual exposures and the overall portfolio.
Capitals impacted

Risk status
UN SDGs impacted
Mitigation measures
Comprehensive framework: The Bank s
market risk management framework
is guided by well-defined policies and
processes for identifying, measuring,
monitoring, and reporting exposures
within its risk appetite.
Independent oversight: RMD monitors
portfolios independently, ensuring
adherence to risk limits and timely
reporting of deviations.
Measures: The Bank uses statistical
tools like VaR, stress tests, back tests,
and scenario analyses, along with non-
statistical measures like position limits,
mark-to-market (MTM) evaluations, and
stop-loss limits to manage risk.
VaR methodology: VaR is calculated
through historical simulation at 99%
confidence over a one-day horizon, based
on 250 days of data, and supplemented
with regular backtesting and stress tests.
Market Risk
Market risk stems from potential losses in both on- and off-balance sheet positions due to
movement and volatility in market prices, which can affect the Bank s earnings and capital.
Key drivers include changes in interest rates, equity prices, and foreign exchange rates.
This risk primarily stems from our trading and investment activities, conducted for both
client facilitation and proprietary purposes.
Capitals impacted
Risk status
UN SDGs impacted
Increase in Risk
No change
Governance

Mitigation measures
Comprehensive framework: The Bank s
Asset Liability Management (ALM)
Policy details a comprehensive liquidity
risk management system, supported
by supplementary policies on intraday
liquidity, stress testing, contingency
funding, and branch-level liquidity.
Monitoring & oversight: Liquidity profiles
are assessed through static and dynamic
gap analyses, key ratios, and stress testing,
with continuous supervision by the ALCO
and the RMC.
Regulatory adherence: The Bank
complies with RBI guidelines and Basel
III requirements, such as the Liquidity
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable
Funding Ratio (NSFR), ensuring metrics
remain within regulatory norms and the
Bank s risk appetite.
Mitigation measures
Comprehensive ORM Policy and
governance: A structured Operational
Risk Management (ORM) Policy guides
proactive risk identification, assessment,
mitigation, and risk monitoring, reinforced
by a clear governance framework.
Evaluation and Committee oversight
All new products, processes, and changes
undergo rigorous risk assessment by
the Operational Risk team, with support
from Product/Change Management
Committees and the Outsourcing
Committee. The Information System
Security Committee oversees risks related
to information systems.
Measurement system and continuous
enhancement: A dedicated Operational
Risk Measurement System documents,
assesses, and periodically reviews risks
and controls across all business lines.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity refers to a bank's ability to finance asset growth and fulfil expected and
unexpected cash and collateral obligations at a reasonable cost. Liquidity risk arises when
the bank cannot meet these obligations without compromising its financial condition.
Operational Risk
Operational risks can arise from inadequate or missing controls within internal
processes, personnel management, and systems, as well as from external
events or a combination of these factors.
Capitals impacted
Risk status
UN SDGs impacted
Capitals impacted

Risk status
UN SDGs impacted
Increase in Risk
No change
R. I S K M A N A G E M E N T
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Increase in Risk
No change
Mitigation measures
Robust framework and governance:
The Bank has established a comprehensive
information and cyber security framework
to address risks arising from unauthorised
access, misuse, manipulation, or loss of
sensitive data and digital assets. Oversight
is maintained by the Information System
Security Committee in accordance with
defined policies, standards, and oversight
mechanisms aligned to recognised
regulatory and industry frameworks,
including NIST, ISO/IEC 27001, ISO/
IEC 27017 (cloud security controls), ISO/
IEC 27018 (protection of personally
identifiable information in cloud
environments), ISO/IEC 27034 (application
security), ISO/IEC 42001 (AI management
systems), and PCI DSS. These frameworks
ensure alignment with evolving threat
scenarios, emerging technologies, and
regulatory expectations.
Proactive security measures:
The Bank has implemented a combination
of technical and administrative controls
to mitigate cybersecurity risks and
protect the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of systems and data. These
include strong access controls, encryption,
secure configuration standards, and
identity and authentication mechanisms.
Prior to deployment of IT infrastructure
or applications, security reviews,
vulnerability assessments, and penetration
testing are conducted to identify and
address weaknesses.
Defence-in-Depth and 24x7 Monitoring:
A layered defence-in-depth approach
is adopted, supported by continuous
monitoring through 24x7 Security
Operations Centres (SOC). This enables
timely detection and response to cyber
threats and suspicious activities, thereby
reducing the likelihood and impact of
service disruption, data compromise,
and cybersecurity incidents. The Bank
also engages with regulators and
industry bodies to strengthen cyber
resilience and implement recommended
security measures.
Information and Cyber Security Risks
Information and cybersecurity risks for banks arise from the possibility of unauthorised
access, manipulation, or theft of sensitive data and assets. Cybersecurity breaches,
whether through hacking, phishing, or malware, can disrupt services, compromise
customer information, and erode trust in the Bank's operations. Strong security
measures, such as encryption, multi-factor authentication, and regular audits,
protect the institution and its customers from evolving cyber threats.
Capitals impacted

Risk status
UN SDGs impacted
Governance

Mitigation Measures
Global framework alignment and climate
risk integration: The Bank publishes
TCFD-aligned disclosures in line with RBI
guidelines, recognising climate risk as a
factor that impacts credit, operational,
market, reputational, and liquidity
risks. Through scenario analyses and
stress testing, we monitor physical and
transition risks, with the oversight of the
ESG Committee.
Robust governance and strategic
oversight: Since 2021, the ESG Committee
has guided the Bank s approach to
climate and ESG risks, focusing on
high-transition-risk sectors and natural
hazards to strengthen risk management
and resilience across retail, rural, and
SME portfolios.
Building capabilities and fostering a
climate-conscious culture: Our Climate
Risk Dashboards and ESG e-modules,
along with specialised training, promote
climate awareness. Partnership with
industry bodies and regulators helps
safeguard operations and advance the
Bank s broader sustainability goals.
Climate Risk
Climate risks broadly fall into two categories:
Physical Risks: This category includes both chronic and acute impacts of climate
change. Chronic risks involve long-term changes in temperature, precipitation
patterns, agricultural productivity, and sea levels, whereas acute risks encompass
more immediate events, such as heat waves, floods, cyclones, and wildfires.
Transition Risks: These arise from shifts in policy, regulation, technology, or
consumer preferences as the world moves toward a low-carbon future.
Capitals impacted

Risk status
UN SDGs impacted
R. I S K M A N A G E M E N T
Increase in Risk
No change
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Other components of Risk Management
Internal Audit
The Bank s Internal Audit
function independently
assesses internal controls,
governance mechanisms, and
risk management practices
and reports to the Board on
compliance with internal and
regulatory guidelines. Guided
by the RBI s Risk-Based
Internal Audit standards, the
function maintains a strategic
focus on emerging risks while
enhancing its effectiveness
through technology-enabled
audits and continuous
capability development.
Business Continuity
Management
Business Continuity is managed
by the Business Continuity
Planning Management
Committee, which guarantees
effective implementation and
testing of essential internal
operations. Regular exercises
and scenario-based reviews help
prepare the Bank for disruptions
and ensure continuous service
and operational resilience.
Fraud Detection and
Mitigation
Guided by a comprehensive
Fraud Risk Management Policy,
the Bank maintains robust
processes and systems to
prevent, detect, investigate, and
respond to fraud risks. Real-
time transaction monitoring,
enterprise-wide AML systems,
prompt alert generation, and
dedicated fraud management
platforms enhance cross-
channel surveillance and enable
timely intervention.
Governance

At Axis Bank, openness in banking is anchored in uncompromising security.
Our cybersecurity and data privacy framework ensures that while digital
engagement deepens, customer trust remains protected through strong
governance, intelligent controls and resilient systems.
Security you can bank on
C. Y B E R S E C U R I T Y A N D D ATA P R I V A C Y
During fiscal 2026, the Bank bolstered its core
infrastructure of trust and security by improving
fraud prevention, enhancing authentication
across digital touchpoints, tightening governance
around in-house technology development
and data platforms. These initiatives, which
increased cyber resilience across enterprise
systems, helped minimise risk, boost reliability,
and ensure that customer data remains
protected, well-governed and compliant with
evolving regulatory standards.
Material Issues Linkage
M5
M1
M4
Capital Linkage
UN SDGs Linkage
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Our approach is rooted in the conviction that openness in banking must always be supported by rigorous
control, vigilance, and accountability. As digital engagement expands through mobile banking, internet banking,
payments, APIs, AI-driven services, and cloud-enabled platforms, we continue to incorporate security, privacy,
and resilience into every design. By integrating these baseline requirements into our cloud-enabled platforms,
we ensure that innovation never comes at the expense of safety.
High-reliability payments
A commitment to high-reliability infrastructure supports
our strong performance in the UPI ecosystem, with high
market share and near-zero UPI technical decline.
Responsible AI leadership
First BFSI organisation to secure ISO/IEC 42001:2023
certification, validating our leadership in responsible AI and
robust technology governance.
Stronger digital authentication
Risk-based checks now strengthen authentication
across major digital journeys.
Governed data foundation
A unified DataMart and centralised servicing of critical data
are improving consistency, quality, and control.
Cyber resilience in action
We have fortified our enterprise defence through enhanced
monitoring, automated SOC playbooks, and stronger
controls over identity, access, and privileged operations.
Secure ecosystem expansion
Centralised API control, stronger encryption, and
governed inventory management are reinforcing secure
data exchange.
Trust, secured at scale
Security and privacy are treated as baseline requirements across all technology operations. Policy-led controls
such as role-based access, advanced encryption, and auditable logs help the Bank ensure that digital engagement
is both protected and transparent. These measures, alongside stronger authentication, governed data flows, and
responsible AI practices, help the Bank deliver digital experiences that are secure, seamless, and dependable.
Security in action
Governance

How cyber resilience is engineered across the enterprise
The Bank s cybersecurity employs a layered defence-in-depth model that incorporates policies, technology, governance,
and continuous assurance. In an evolving threat landscape, we are proactively enhancing detection, response, and
recovery while maintaining oversight across technology, third-party, and customer systems. Cybersecurity and data
protection are vital and guided by policies on identity, access management, network security, encryption, monitoring, and
data use to ensure compliance with regulations and the Bank s data protection obligations.
In fiscal 2026, the Bank s cyber defence saw major advancements with improved threat detection, automated incident
response, vulnerability management, data controls, and governance. Measures such as endpoint hardening, network
segmentation, analytics, and monitoring controls have provided enhanced visibility and faster response times. Cyber
resilience was further fortified by a Zero Trust security model, which combined continuous monitoring, automated SOC
playbooks and privileged access controls to reduce attack surface and threats. To ensure peak readiness, we conduct
regular simulations, breach testing, and threat hunting to keep our defences robust.
Board and management oversight
Board-level
oversight

f IT and Digital Strategy
Committee

f Risk Management Committee
Management
oversight

f Information System
Security Committee

f Senior management reviews
cyber risks, assurance,
and compliance
Execution
and assurance

f Security Operations Centre

f Technology, Risk, and
Business teams

f Periodic audits

f KRI-based monitoring

f Structured cyber
risk reporting
Resilience by design

f Zero-Trust in action: Attack surface reduction, stronger
visibility, and better protection against modern threats

f Continuous monitoring: Automated SOC playbooks
and always-on security monitoring strengthen
response readiness

f Advanced testing: Red teaming, breach-and-attack
simulations, and proactive threat hunting expand
detection coverage

f Cloud and third-party control: Risk-based onboarding,
continuous assessments, and automated external
monitoring via cybersecurity rating agencies
How cybersecurity became more
robust in fiscal 2026

f Greater automation in incident response

f Expanded detection through threat hunting
and simulations

f Tighter control over privileged operations
and identity

f Stronger visibility through micro-segmentation
and analytics

f Deeper oversight across third-party technology
providers and cloud environments
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
C. Y B E R S E C U R I T Y A N D D ATA P R I V A C Y

How security is embedded into every
digital journey
As customer journeys become more digital and real-time,
security must be integrated into the interaction. In fiscal
2026, the Bank upgraded mobile and internet banking
with advanced monitoring, an intuitive interface, and
new safety tools that give customers more control. With
the development of key modules, such as mobile PIN
and Safety Centre, entirely in-house, we have reduced
reliance on external providers while improving governance,
operational agility, and security. Risk-based authentication
now supports core digital activities, building trust during
onboarding, access, and transactions.
In the Payments domain, the Bank has achieved a high
degree of reliability and security within the UPI ecosystem,
with near-zero technical failures. AI-driven fraud detection
and device biometric checks enhance safety. Additionally,
the deployment of Smart Payout APIs enables secure,
automated disbursements, improving control and
customer experience.
AI-powered service tools speed up query resolution, secure
interactions, and improve compliance through voice-
enabled workflows and CRM integrations. AI tools also help
identify risks early, reduce vulnerabilities, and automate
remediation under a strict governance framework.
The Bank strengthens operational reliability with regular
disaster recovery drills, Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)
practices, automated testing, Infrastructure-as-Code,
and centralised log analytics, reducing downtime and
improving resilience.
Key advancements in fiscal 2026

f Safer Digital Experiences: New safety features across
mobile and internet banking give customers more
control over security settings

f Secure Payments at Scale: Strong UPI performance,
with high reliability, high market share, and near-zero
technical decline

f AI with Accountability: AI-based bots, voice-enabled
workflows, and AI-supported development tools are
improving service, security, and compliance

f Operational Resilience: Regular disaster recovery drills,
SRE practices, automated testing, and Infrastructure-as-
Code are improving continuity and stability

f Technology Recognition: Recognised at the Infosys
Finacle Innovation Awards 2025 and ICC Emerging
Asia Banking Awards for Best Bank in AI and
ML Implementation
Privacy by design. Compliance by
discipline. Trust by practice.
The Bank is continuously enhancing controls, governance,
and accountability to protect data in a connected
environment. Data protection is strengthened through
encryption, data minimisation, tokenisation, and better
consent management. Data classification, retention
governance, and lineage support responsible data handling.
Compliance with data protection laws is ensured through
controlled access, API security, and privacy assessments,
including the Digital Personal Data Protection framework.
A unified DataMart and improved data tracking ensure
consistency, reduce errors, and enhance reporting. Data
exchange is safeguarded through strengthened API
security, with unified authentication and encryption. Secure
coding, automated testing, and modernisation of contact
centres and lending platforms further bolster application
security and enable a Zero Operations model using low-
code, no-code, and AI tools.
The Bank aligns with RBI, SEBI, CERT-In, and global
standards, including ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27034,
ISO 27018, NIST CSF, and PCI DSS. We achieved ISO/
IEC 42001:2023 certification in fiscal 2026, bolstering our
approach to responsible AI governance and security.
Backed by Certifications

f ISO 27001:2022 - Information Security Management

f ISO 27017:2015 - Cloud Security

f ISO 27034:2011 - Application Security Management

f ISO 27018:2025 - PII Protection in Public Cloud

f PCI DSS v4.0.1

f ISO/IEC 42001:2023 - Artificial Intelligence
Management Systems
Recognition
The Bank s Information Security function received
industry recognition at the IBA CISO Summit &
Citations 2025 for

f Cyber Security Incident Response Maturity

f Cyber Security Compliance Champion

f Cyber Security Metrics &
Reporting Excellence
Governance

We actively contribute to policy and industry dialogue to strengthen the resilience,
inclusiveness, and future-readiness of the financial sector. Through strategic
engagement with industry bodies, policymakers, academia, and global platforms,
Axis Bank continues to offer informed perspectives on issues shaping banking,
regulation, digital transformation, sustainability and economic growth.
Shaping the future of
financial services
Material Issues Linkage
M14
Capital Linkage

UN SDGs Linkage

T. H O U G H T L E A D E R S H I P A N D P O L I C Y A D V O C A C Y
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

From engagement to influence
During fiscal 2026, the Bank intensified its advocacy and outreach initiatives by actively participating in leading national
and international forums. Axis Bank effectively executed the annual work plan of the FICCI National Banking Committee,
under the stewardship of Amitabh Chaudhry, the Bank s MD & CEO, who brought together senior executives from
across the BFSI industry. The Bank s spokespersons and subject-matter experts also served on a broad spectrum of
industry committees, working groups, and policy consultations. Amitabh Chaudhry also served as Senior Vice President
of ASSOCHAM throughout the year. The Bank s policy engagement encompassed regulatory submissions, review inputs,
thought leadership perspectives, authored articles and active involvement in industry dialogues.
Key policy submissions and institutional engagements
The Bank s policy advocacy during the year covered a wide set of issues relevant to banking and the broader economy.
Through its leadership of industry bodies, the Bank provided its recommendations, sectoral insights and structured inputs
on regulatory, economic, technological, and sustainability matters.
FICCI
The Bank sustained strong engagement with FICCI
during the year through policy submissions, committee
participation, and contributions to working groups across
key priority areas, such as

f Draft recommendations on the notified rules under
the Digital Personal Data Protection Act from a
BFSI perspective

f Inputs on the RBI framework for co-lending
arrangements

f Participation in policy dialogue on the role of financial
institutions in disaster risk reduction

f Submissions to the Parliamentary Committee on the
future of banking

f Inputs on India s Climate Finance Taxonomy

f Contributions to compendiums on aspirational districts
and AI vision

f Draft recommendations on GST rate rationalisation and
the pre-budget memorandum for fiscal 2027

f Inputs on asset classification, provisioning, and income
recognition norms

f Engagement on India-US trade and tariff-related matters

f Ongoing work under the FICCI DPDP Act Sub-
Committee, including development of common
personally identifiable information (PII) and privacy
impact frameworks
Through the Confederation of Indian Industry II, the
Bank contributed research-based inputs and case
studies, including:

f Submission of inputs on India s Climate
Finance Taxonomy

f Contribution of a case study for the CII compendium on
accelerating progress in aspirational districts
ASSOCHAM
Axis Bank s engagement with ASSOCHAM
focused on macroeconomic dialogue, contribution
of policy perspectives, and thought leadership
interactions, including:

f Policy inputs for meetings with the Governor, Reserve
Bank of India

f Submissions and perspectives ahead of Monetary Policy
Committee meetings

f Thought leadership interactions with
academic institutions

f Statements and insights on economic growth, GDP
trends, trade agreements, GST reforms, and tariff-
related developments

f Pre- and post-Union Budget interactions across leading
business media platforms

f Participation in ASSOCHAM Media Connect and
foundation-day engagements

f Contribution to ASSOCHAM communication and
publications on India s growth and inclusion agenda
World Economic Forum and other platforms

f Publication of a thought leadership blog article focused
on intelligent industries

f Inputs to global and regional benchmarking and league-
table exercises

f Participation in DEI workshops in collaboration with
industry chambers

f Development of a joint technology case study,
highlighting digital transformation initiatives
Governance

Leadership representation across industry platforms
The Bank s contribution to policy and industry dialogue is strengthened by the active participation of its
leaders across influential committees, councils, and advisory platforms. During fiscal 2026, senior leaders
represented the Bank across forums on banking, treasury, digital business, marketing, human resources,
DEI, legal, sustainability, CSR, and public policy.
Representation on industry platforms in fiscal 2026
Amitabh Chaudhry
MD & CEO

f Chairman, FICCI National Banking Committee

f Senior Vice President, ASSOCHAM

f Chairman, Finance and Audit
Committee, ASSOCHAM

f Member, Managing Committee, IBA

f Member, CII Davos Steering Committee

f Author/Contributor, World Economic Forum
Sameer Shetty
Head DBAT & Strategic Programs

f Member, FICCI Working Group on Banks -
FinTech Partnership

f Member, CII National Committee on FinTech

f Member, Steering Committee, ASSOCHAM
International Fintech Festival
Damini Marwah
Group Chief Legal Counsel and Chief Ethics Officer

f Member, ASSOCHAM Steering Committee on IBC
and Valuation

f Member, CII National Committee on
Regulatory Affairs

f Lead, FICCI Working Group on DPDP Act
Neeraj Gambhir
Executive Director - Treasury/Global Markets

f Member, FICCI National Banking Committee

f Board Member, FIMMDA

f Member, RBI Committee on Treasury and
Global Markets
Rajkamal Vempati
Head Human Resources

f Member, Advisory Board, Centre of Gender
Equality and Inclusive Leadership, XLRI

f Member, CII National HR Council

f Chair, FICCI HR Committee
Abhejit Agarwal
SVP & Head - Sustainability and CSR

f Member, FICCI Task Force on ESG

f Member, CII Climate Change Council

f Member, CII Net Zero Council

f Member, WEF Steering Committee on
Sustainable Finance
Dhruvi Shah
Executive Trustee and CEO - Axis Bank Foundation

f Member, FICCI Task Force on Climate Change and
Sustainable Agriculture

f Member, CSR Committee, Bombay Chamber of
Commerce and Industry

f Member, CII Council on Women Empowerment
and Inclusion
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
T. H O U G H T L E A D E R S H I P A N D P O L I C Y A D V O C A C Y

Presence in public forums and institutional platforms
In addition to committee representation and policy submissions, the Bank s leaders actively
shaped public dialogue through participation in leading conferences, seminars, and institutional
forums. These engagements enabled the Bank to share perspectives on banking transformation,
AI, economic developments, leadership, inclusion, sustainability and CSR partnerships.
Representation at key conferences and seminars in fiscal 2026
Speaker
Organiser
Event
Topic
Amitabh Chaudhry
FICCI
FIBAC 2025
CEO s Panel - Charting
New Frontiers
Subrat Mohanty
IAMAI
GFF 2025
Can AI Manage Black Swan Events
and How?
Damini Marwah
ET Legal
ET Global Legal Convention 2026
Women in Leadership -
Dismantling Barriers to
Partnership and Power
Neelkanth Mishra
FICCI
Banking Committee
Members Roundtable
Impact of Tariffs and US-Iran War
on the Indian Economy and the
Banking Sector
Harish Iyer
ET Edge
Global DEI Alliance Summit 2025
Pride and Prejudice: The Economic
Case for LGBTQIA+ Inclusion
Dhruvi Shah
NEWS
Investing in Nature
Ensuring Sustainability
through Partnerships
Abhejit Agarwal
FICCI
FICCI CSR Summit and Awards
Innovating on the Edge -
Impactful CSR Partnerships in
Northeast India
Membership fees paid in fiscal 2026
(Name of the Institution: Amount paid)

f ASSOCHAM: ₹1,50,000

f FICCI: ₹1,50,000

f CII: ₹3,30,000

f BCCI: ₹90,000

f IBA: ₹88,50,000

f World Economic Forum: ₹1,99,00,000
Exclusive of applicable taxes
Governance

At Axis Bank, lasting value is created through the continuous
interplay of our six capitals. Each capital strengthens, supports
and, at times, draws upon the others, shaping how we allocate
resources, manage risks, deepen relationships and deliver
outcomes across stakeholder groups.
This interconnected approach enables us to bring together financial strength, digital capability, physical reach, talent,
governance discipline, stakeholder trust and environmental stewardship in a cohesive manner. Guided by our GPS strategy
and the One Axis approach, we assess these interdependencies and trade-offs to ensure that our decisions remain
balanced, resilient and aligned with long-term value creation. The following matrix illustrates how actions and investments
across one capital influence outcomes across the others, helping us build a Bank that is more customer-focused, inclusive,
future-ready and sustainable.
From/To Capitals
Financial
Manufactured
Intellectual
Human
Social and Relationship
Natural
Financial
Strong capital position supported resilient
performance, with shareholder funds of
₹2,041.94 billion, deposits of ₹13,358.34
billion, total assets of ₹18,868.50 billion,
operating profit of ₹428.17 billion, CRAR of
16.42% and net NPA of 0.37%.
Capital was deployed to deepen
the phygital network, expanded
presence by adding 400 new
branches, thus enabled growth
in digital channels and rural
infrastructure.
₹4,000+ crores of technology OPEX
strengthened digital platforms, AI-led
enablement, analytics, cybersecurity
and scalable customer journeys
across Retail, Wholesale and One
Axis ecosystems.
Investments in talent, learning and employee
enablement supported a 1.01 lakh+
workforce, investment of ₹122.66 billion as
employee expenses, 2,431 GIGA employees
and future-ready capability building.
Financial resources enabled ₹5.3 billion
CSR expenditure, supported ~54 million
customers, strengthened customer
engagement and helped positively impact
over 21 lakh lives through focused CSR
efforts.
Scaled green lending portfolio to ₹45,511
crores. Strategic climate financing partnership
of $500 million loan for financing green
and blue projects.
Manufactured
The Bank s physical distributions via branch,
ATM, AVC, BCBO and Bharat network
and digital distributions supported deposit
mobilisation, retail advances ( 8% y-o-y),
agri loan book ( 4% y-o-y) and wider
The physical and digital footprint
scaled to 6,278 domestic branches
(including DBU and extension
counters), 151 specialised
branches, 310 BCBOs, 12,796
ATMs/CDMs, 8 AVCs and presence
across 712 districts.
Integration of branches, AVCs,
WhatsApp Banking, Open, neo
and Aha! enabled 78 fully digitised
product journeys, 250+ DIY services
and scalable omnichannel delivery.
High-touch infrastructure enabled frontline,
branch, virtual and relationship teams to
serve customers across locations, supported
by 1,591 Virtual Relationship Managers and
distributed working models.
Bharat-focused infrastructure enabled last-
mile access through 2,924 Bharat Banking
branches, 50,000+ new accounts via BCBOs
and 16 lakh+ AePS transactions.
Green buildings, centralised energy
management, solar power, renewable
procurement and resource-efficient facilities
helped lower the operational footprint of
physical infrastructure.
Intellectual
Digital capabilities strengthened transaction
intensity and income opportunities, with
10.9 billion mobile banking transactions
( 17% y-o-y) , ₹30.1 trillion mobile
banking spends, ~36% UPI Payer PSP
market share and transaction banking
revenue contributing to 20% of total fees.
Proprietary platforms such as
Open, neo, Aha!, WhatsApp
Banking and API-based ecosystems
converted physical reach and
enabled an integrated phygital
delivery model.
The Bank strengthened its intellectual
capital through responsible AI
governance, centralised API controls,
governed DataMart, cybersecurity
architecture, 4.8 app ratings and
250+ digital services. 71% service
requests are adopted digitally.
Open Learning Lab, 11+ Skill Factories, BYOC,
LOYO, LOTD, Adi, Kaleidoscope and Siddhi
enhanced employee learning, customer
context and frontline productivity.
SPARSH, AI-enabled service platforms and
customer feedback loops improved customer
experience, contributing to a Retail NPS
score of 159 on an indexed baseline of 100.
Digital banking reduced paper usage,
saving 34.76 million sheets and avoiding
~3,336.52 tCO2e emissions from not
printing paper; ESG rating models
supported responsible portfolio evaluation.
Human
With 1.01 lakhs+ employee base, profit per
employee of ₹0.24 crores, strong frontline
execution and risk-aware culture supported
growth, productivity and disciplined
financial outcomes.
Branch Banking officers, Bharat
Banking teams, relationship
managers, VRMs and operations
employees powered the Bank s
extensive branch network and
digital service infrastructure.
100,921 employees accessed
learning, completing 6.7 million+
learning hours; 500 All Stars were
trained in customer, digital and AI
skills, while 200 Astros joined the
Enterprise AI evangelist program.
Human capital was strengthened through
30.11% workforce diversity, 37% women
among new hires, 95.5% mandatory
compliance training completion and expanded
wellness support.
Employees translated dil se open into
customer and community outcomes through
SPARSH, relationship-led engagement, CSR
implementation, grievance redressal and
customer-first service delivery.
Employee awareness, risk training, ESG
capability building and digital adoption
supported climate-conscious operations,
responsible lending and energy, paper and
waste reduction initiatives.
Social and
Relationship
Trust-based relationships with customers
(~54 million), investors, regulators and
partners supported deposit mobilisation,
fee opportunities, cross-sell and long-term
investor confidence.
Stakeholder expectations for access
and convenience shaped phygital
expansion across 3,327 cities,
Bharat markets, ~21,000 CSC VLE
networks and government-linked
service channels.
Customer feedback, fintech
partnerships, One Axis collaboration
and digital ecosystem engagement
shaped innovations across WhatsApp
Banking, neo for corporates, co-
branded cards, UPI and AI-enabled
service platforms.
Employee listening and engagement platforms
strengthened culture, with Amber engaging
45,000+ employees through 87,000+
chats and HResponse handling ~1.35 lakh
employee queries. Adi with its first-time-right
responses to HR queries has ingested
more than 1,400 FAQs and 52 policies.
CSR and stakeholder programs on
financial literacy reach 2.6 lakh people
Mission 4 Million reached 2.76 million rural
households across 33,517 villages in 32
States and Union Territories.
Community and CSR programs supported
climate resilience, natural resource management,
and habitat restoration, including 4.16 million
trees planted across 9 geographies.
Natural
Climate-conscious financing and transition
opportunities strengthened long-term
resilience, with ₹61,348 crores positive-
impact lending, $500 million green/blue
financing partnership and disciplined
exposure management for carbon-intensive
sectors.
Energy-efficient infrastructure,
renewable power procurement,
solar installations, CEMS and green
building practices improved the
environmental performance of
offices, branches and data centres.
Renewable energy comprised
6.26% of total energy consumption.
ESG policy for lending, in-house
ESG rating models, climate risk
assessment, stress testing, scenario
analysis and TCFD-aligned practices
deepened climate-related decision-
making capabilities.
Climate, ESG and responsible banking
priorities shaped employee capability,
operational discipline and awareness around
resource conservation, compliance and
sustainable finance.
Sustainable livelihoods, health, WASH
initiatives, and tree plantation programs
strengthened community resilience and
reinforced trust with local stakeholders.
Natural capital outcomes included 910.83 TJ
total energy consumption, 57.01 TJ renewable
energy use, 9,625.70 tCO2e emissions avoided,
230.79 MT dry waste recycled, 46.18 MT
e-waste recycled.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
I. N T E R P L AY O F C A P I TA L S
Interplay of Capitals

Moments that
define us
Banker of the Year Award to Amitabh Chaudhry,
MD & CEO of Axis Bank at the FE Best Bank Awards 2025
ICAI s Gold Shield for Excellence in Financial
Reporting for 2024-25 in the Private Sector
Banks Category
SKOCH Award 2025 for Contactless Strategy
in Bounce Collections (Silver)
A. W A R D S & R E C O G N I T I O N S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The Economic Times Global Legal Awards
2025-26 in the Best In-House Legal Team of
the Year BFSI (Banks) category
Cloudera Data Impact Awards 2025 (APAC)
under the category Operational Excellence
for Open Data Lakehouse & Iceberg
Innovation (Project: Self-serve Feature Store
Framework)
ETBFSI Exceller Awards 2025 in the
Innovative SME Policy/Product of the Year
(Digital Merchant Cash Advance Loans)
category
Recognition in the 2nd edition of Annual BFSI
Service Quality Excellence Awards 2026 for
the category Best Omni Channel Experience
Strategy

Global Private Banking Innovation Awards
2025 for Best Private Bank for Digitally
Empowering RMs
Global Private Banking Innovation Awards
2025 for Best Private Bank for UHNW
Clients (South Asia)
Global Private Banking Innovation Awards
2025 for Best Next-Generation Offering
Global Private Banking Innovation Awards
2025 for Best Private Bank for Millennials
Global Private Banking Innovation Awards
2025 for Best Learning & Development
Program by a Private Bank
The Asset Triple A Digital Finance
Awards 2026
A. W A R D S & R E C O G N I T I O N S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Statutory reports

208 Board s report
243 Management s discussion and analysis
288. Corporate governance
340. Business responsibility and sustainability report
Financial statements
341 Independent auditor s report - Standalone financial statements
348 Standalone financial statements
449 Independent auditor s report - Consolidated financial statements
460 Consolidated financial statements
517. Form AOC-1
519. Basel III disclosures

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Board s report
Dear Members,
Your Board of Directors (the Board ) is pleased to present its 32nd Board s report on the performance of Axis Bank Limited
(the Bank ) together with the audited financial statements for fiscal year 2026.
Financial Performance and State of the Bank s Affairs
The Bank provides a complete suite of banking products and financial services covering retail banking, wholesale banking
and treasury operations and is the third largest private sector bank in India in terms of total assets, based on public
filings of private sector banks. The Bank s total assets increased 17% year-on-year ( Y-o-Y ) from `1,609,930 crores as at
31 March, 2025 to `1,886,850 crores as at 31 March, 2026. Furthermore, total deposits increased 14% Y-o-Y from
`1,172,952 crores as at 31 March, 2025 to `1,335,834 crores as at 31 March, 2026 and total advances increased 19% Y-o-Y
from `1,040,811 crores as at 31 March, 2025 to `1,233,570 crores as at 31 March, 2026.
Operating revenue increased by 3% Y-o-Y to `82,179 crores in fiscal 2026. Net Interest Income ( NII ) increased 3% to
`56,048 crores in fiscal 2026. Non-interest income consisting of fee, trading and other income increased by 3% to
`26,131 crores in fiscal 2026. Operating expenses grew by 5% to `39,362 crores in fiscal 2026. As a result, the operating
profit grew by 2% to `42,817 crores. Provisions and contingencies increased by 71% to `13,263 crores in fiscal 2026.
Net profit stood at `24,457 crores in fiscal 2026.
The financial highlights (standalone) for the year under review, are presented below:
Particulars
Growth
Balance sheet
Deposits
1,335,834
1,172,952
14%
Savings bank deposits
344,136
311,389
11%
Current account deposits
184,776
166,799
11%
Term deposits
806,922
694,764
16%
Advances
1,233,570
1,040,811
19%
Retail advances
673,468
622,897
8%
Corporate advances
412,943
299,393
38%
Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) advances
147,159
118,521
24%
Total assets / liabilities
1,886,850
1,609,930
17%
Profit & loss account:
56,048
54,348
3%
Other income
26,131
25,257
3%
- Fee income
24,444
22,504
9%
- Trading profit1
1,374
2,059
(33%)
- Miscellaneous income
(55%)
Operating expenses
39,362
37,500
5%
Operating profit
42,817
42,105
2%
Provisions and contingencies (other than tax)
13,263
7,759
71%
Profit before tax
29,554
34,346
(14%)
5,097
7,973
(36%)
Net profit
24,457
26,373
(7%)
Balance in profit and loss account brought forward from previous year
78,238
60,254
-
Amount available for appropriation
102,695
86,627
-

Board s Report
Particulars
Growth
Appropriations
Transfer to statutory reserve
6,114
6,593
-
Transfer to capital reserve
-
Transfer to special reserve
1,025
-
Transfer to investment fluctuation reserve
-
Dividend paid
-
Surplus carried over to balance sheet
94,651
78,238
-
1 Excluding merchant exchange profit.
Key Performance Indicators
Key Performance Indicators
Interest income as a % of average assets1
7.52
8.10
Non-interest income as a % of average assets1
1.55
1.67
Net interest margin (%)
3.69
3.98
Return on average net worth (%)
13.15
16.52
Operating profit as a % of average assets1
2.53
2.78
Return on average assets1 (%)
1.45
1.74
Profit per employee2 (` in lakhs)
23.79
25.45
Business (Deposits less inter-bank deposits + advances) per employee2 (` in crores)
24.48
20.88
Net non-performing assets as a % of net customer assets3
0.37
0.33
1 Average assets represent average of total assets as reported to the RBI in Form X under Section 27 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949
during the year.
2 Productivity ratios are based on average number of employees for the year.
3 Customer assets include advances and credit substitutes.
Previous fiscal year s figures have been re-grouped wherever necessary.
Financial Performance of the Group
Subsidiaries of the Bank continued to deliver steady performance. The domestic subsidiaries, collectively, reported a
net profit of `2,051 crores in fiscal 2026, translating into a return on investment of 54%. Consolidated net profit of the
group for fiscal 2026 stood at `26,385 crores, decreasing 6% Y-o-Y. Consolidated return on equity for fiscal 2026 stood
at 13.59%, with subsidiaries contributing 44 bps.
Divergence in Asset Classification and Provisioning for NPAs
In terms of the Reserve Bank of India (the RBI ) guidelines, banks are required to disclose the divergence in asset classification
and provisioning, consequent to the RBI s annual supervisory process, in the notes to the financial statements. The disclosure
is required if either or both of the following conditions are satisfied: (a) the additional provisioning for NPAs as assessed
by the RBI exceeds 5% of the reported profit before provisions and contingencies for the reference period; and (b) the
additional gross NPAs as identified by the RBI exceeds 5% of the published incremental gross NPAs for the reference period.
Based on the above, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to
RBI s annual supervisory process for fiscal 2025.
Dividend
In accordance with Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI Listing Regulations ), the Bank has formulated and adopted a Dividend
Declaration Policy, which was reviewed by the Board. The said Policy is available on the website of the Bank at
During the year under review, the Board reviewed and amended the Dividend Declaration Policy, inter alia, to reflect the
revised norms notified by the RBI on 10 March, 2026, for declaration of dividend on aspects such as Board oversight
requirements, eligibility criteria, quantum of dividend payable and reporting requirement. The revision is effective from fiscal
2027. Further, the Bank has been in compliance with its Dividend Declaration Policy during the past three fiscal years.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
In view of the overall performance of the Bank, while retaining capital to support future growth and in line with the
Dividend Declaration Policy, the Board at its meeting held on 25 April, 2026, recommended a final dividend of `1/-
per equity share of `2/- each fully paid (i.e., 50% of the face value), subject to approval of the members at the ensuing
32nd Annual General Meeting (the AGM ). Upon approval, and in compliance with regulatory guidelines, the dividend will
be paid to the members whose names appear in the register of members of the Bank and in the statement of beneficiary
position furnished by the National Securities Depository Limited and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited as on
the record date i.e., Friday, 10 July, 2026. The total dividend payout will be approximately `310 crores resulting in a payout
of 1.27% of the standalone profit after tax of the Bank. Additional shares issued by the Bank pursuant to exercise of stock
options / stock units, until the record date shall also be eligible for such proposed dividend. The total dividend payout
shall stand modified accordingly. In terms of the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025, dividend income is taxable in the
hands of the members and therefore will be subject to deduction of applicable tax.
In terms of Accounting Standard ( AS ) - 4 Contingencies and Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date as notified
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the MCA ) under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) read together
with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021, such proposed
dividend has not been recognised as a liability as on 31 March, 2026.
Integrated Annual Report
For fiscal 2026, the Bank continues to voluntarily publish the Integrated Annual Report based on the International Integrated
Reporting Framework ( IIRC ) and SEBI s guidelines on Integrated reporting. This report covers aspects such as Bank s
strategy, governance framework, performance, risk management and prospects of value creation based on the six forms of
capitals viz., financial capital, intellectual capital, manufactured capital, human capital, social and relationship capital, and
natural capital.
Capital Structure
Share Capital
During fiscal 2026, the Bank issued and allotted 10,803,572 equity shares of `2/- each, pursuant to exercise of stock
options / stock units by the Whole-Time Directors / employees of the Bank and of its subsidiary companies, under the
Bank s Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2000-01 and Employee Stock Unit Scheme, 2022.
Consequent to the above, the total issued and paid-up equity share capital of the Bank increased by `2.16 crores to
`621.63 crores as on 31 March, 2026, vis-à-vis `619.47 crores, as on 31 March, 2025. The equity shares issued under the
above schemes rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of the Bank.
Apart from the above, the Bank did not raise any additional equity share capital during the year.
Debt Instruments
On 26 November, 2025, the Bank issued and allotted 500,000 fully paid, senior, rated, listed, unsecured, taxable, redeemable,
long term non-convertible debentures (Series-9 infra) of face value of `100,000 each, aggregating to `5,000 crores, at a
coupon rate of 7.27% per annum on a private placement basis for enhancing long term resources for funding infrastructure
and affordable housing. The aforesaid debentures shall be redeemed at par on maturity on 26 November, 2035.
The Audit Committee (the AC ) at its meeting held on 26 January, 2026, has reviewed and confirmed that the Bank has
utilised the said funds for the above-mentioned purposes.
On 30 September, 2025, the Bank redeemed unsecured, redeemable, non-convertible subordinated debentures (Basel - III
compliant tier II debentures) (Series-23) amounting to `1,500 crores. Further, on 30 October, 2025, the Bank also redeemed
senior, unsecured, redeemable, non-convertible debentures (Series-2 infra) amounting to `3,000 crores.

Board s Report
Capital Adequacy Ratio
The Bank s overall Capital Adequacy Ratio ( CAR ) under Basel III stood at 16.42% at the end of fiscal 2026, well above the
benchmark requirement of 11.50% stipulated by the RBI. Of this, the Common Equity Tier 1 ( CET 1 ) CAR was 14.38%
(against minimum regulatory requirement of 8.00%) and Tier I CAR was 14.78% (against minimum regulatory requirement
of 9.50%). As on 31 March, 2026, the Bank s Tier II CAR under Basel III stood at 1.64%.
Ratings of various Debt Instruments
The details of credit ratings obtained by the Bank along with any revisions thereto, if any, during fiscal 2026, for all the debt
instruments outstanding as on 31 March, 2026, are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of
this Integrated Annual Report.
Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates
Details of subsidiary and associate companies as on 31 March, 2026 are tabulated below:
Name of the
Subsidiary /
Associate
Business Activity
Percentage stake held
by the group
1.
Subsidiary
Services relating to investment banking, institutional broking and
equity research services, investment manager services to AIFs and
research analyst.
2.
Axis Finance
Limited1
Subsidiary
Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) offering loans to
corporates, MSME and retail customers.
3.
Axis Securities
Subsidiary
Retail broking services, investment advisory services and research
analyst.
4.
Axis Trustee
Services Limited
Subsidiary
Trusteeship activities and agency & administration services.
5.
Freecharge
Payment
Technologies
Private Limited
Subsidiary
Payment gateway and payment aggregation services.
6.
Axis UK Limited2
Subsidiary
-
7.
Freecharge
Business and
Technology Services
Subsidiary
Business correspondent and technology service provider to the
Bank.
8.
Axis Capital USA,
Step down
subsidiary
Enables U.S. institutional clients to access Indian capital markets by
chaperoning arrangement and distributing research in compliance
with Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
(held by Axis Capital
Limited)
9.
Axis Asset
Management
Company Limited
Subsidiary
Managing investment of the scheme(s) launched by Axis Mutual
Fund, Alternative Investment Fund - Category II & III and
portfolios under portfolio management services. The company
is also registered with International Financial Services Centers
Authority (IFSCA) as Registered Fund Management Entity
(Retail) and provides non-binding investment advisory services
to offshore investors (like FPIs) towards their investments in the
Indian securities market. Research activity pursuant to the fund
management activity, and advisory services.
10.
Axis Mutual Fund
Trustee Limited
Subsidiary
Trustee for the mutual fund business.
11.
Subsidiary
Facilitating financing of trade receivables.
12.
Axis Pension Fund
Management
Step down
subsidiary
Pension fund management business under the National Pension
System.
60.02
(Axis Asset Management
Company Limited-51,
Axis Bank Limited-9.02)

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Name of the
Subsidiary /
Associate
Business Activity
Percentage stake held
by the group
13.
Axis Max Life
Insurance Limited3
Associate
Life insurance and Annuity Service Provider under NPS.
19.02
(Axis Bank Limited-16.23,
Axis Capital Limited-1.86,
Axis Securities Limited-0.93)
1 The Bank has received an approval from the RBI to infuse ₹1,500 crores in Axis Finance Limited ( AFL ) in one or more tranches before
31 March, 2027. Further, AFL has approved a proposal for preferential issue of equity shares to Kedaara Pearl Holding and Kedaara Capital Fund
IV AIF, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. Upon completion of the proposed preferential issue, the Bank will hold 94.92% of
the equity shares of AFL.
2 The Company entered liquidation on 9 December, 2024.
The Bank has received an approval from the RBI to increase the Bank and its subsidiaries stake, in aggregate, to 19.99% in Axis Max Life Insurance
Limited ( AMLI ). Further, the Board of Directors of AMLI and its holding company, Max Financial Services Limited ( MFSL ), have granted
in-principle approval for a proposed amalgamation of MFSL with AMLI, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals.
As on 31 March, 2026, the Bank did not have any joint venture company.
The financial position and performance of each of the Bank s key subsidiary companies is given in the Management Discussion
& Analysis Report, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Consolidated Financial Statements
In accordance with the provisions of Section 129(3) of the Act, read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, as
amended, the Bank has prepared its consolidated financial statements, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
The statement in form AOC-1 containing the salient features of the financial statements of the subsidiary companies and
associate company of the Bank, also forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
In accordance with the third proviso to Section 136(1) of the Act, the Integrated Annual Report of the Bank, containing
standalone financial statements and the consolidated financial statements and all other documents required to be attached
thereto is available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/shareholders-information/
annual-reports.
Further, in accordance with the fourth proviso to the said section, the audited financial statements of each of the subsidiary
companies are available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/shareholders-
information/annual-reports. The said financial statements will be available for inspection by the members of the Bank
and trustees of debenture holders at the registered office of the Bank during business hours on all working days except
saturdays, sundays, bank holidays and national holidays. Any member interested in obtaining a physical copy of the said
financial statements can send an email to the Company Secretary of the Bank at shareholders@axis.bank.in.
Corporate Governance
The Bank is committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and IT constantly benchmarks itself with
the best national and global governance and disclosure practices.
The Report on Corporate Governance for fiscal 2026 along with General Shareholder Information forms part of this Integrated
Annual Report. M/s. M M Nissim & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 107122W / W100672),
one of the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank, has issued a certificate confirming compliance with the provisions of
corporate governance by the Bank for fiscal 2026, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation
46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V to the SEBI Listing Regulations. The said certificate is attached along with the
Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
The corporate governance framework of the Bank incorporates all the mandatory requirements as prescribed in the
SEBI Listing Regulations. The Bank has also adopted the non-mandatory requirements recommended in the SEBI Listing
Regulations, as detailed in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.

Board s Report
Management s Discussion and Analysis Report
The Management s Discussion and Analysis Report as stipulated under Regulation 34(2)(e) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,
forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Board of Directors
Appointment and Re-appointment of Directors
During the year, pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (the NRC ), the Board
appointed / re-appointed (based on performance evaluation) the following Directors:
1.
Neeraj Gambhir was appointed as a Whole-Time Director (designated as an Executive Director) of the Bank by the
Board at its meeting held on 18 July, 2025, with effect from (i) 4 August, 2025, or (ii) the date of approval of his
appointment by the RBI, whichever is later. The said appointment was approved by the RBI for a period of three years
from the date of its letter i.e., 20 October, 2025 up to 19 October, 2028 (both days inclusive). He is liable to retire by
rotation. The said appointment was approved by the members of the Bank vide postal ballot on 18 January, 2026.
2.
Malavika R. Harita was appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank by the Board at its meeting held on
18 December, 2025, for a period of four years, with effect from 18 December, 2025 up to 17 December, 2029 (both
days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation. The said appointment was approved by the members of the Bank vide
postal ballot on 18 January, 2026.
3.
Subrat Mohanty was re-appointed as a Whole-Time Director (designated as an Executive Director) of the Bank by the
Board at its meeting held on 27 January, 2026, for a further period of three years, with effect from 17 August, 2026
up to 16 August, 2029 (both days inclusive), liable to retire by rotation, subject to the approval of the RBI and the members
of the Bank. As on the date of this report, the approval of the RBI for the said re-appointment is awaited.

Further, Subrat Mohanty, Executive Director of the Bank, is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM, and being
eligible seeks re-appointment. The said re-appointment is subject to the approval of the members of the Bank.
4.
P. N. Prasad has been re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank by the Board at its meeting held on
25 April, 2026, for a further period of four years, with effect from 20 October, 2026 up to 19 October, 2030 (both
days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, subject to the approval of the members of the Bank.
5.
N. S. Vishwanathan has been re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank by the Board at its meeting held
on 25 April, 2026, for a further period of four years, with effect from 30 May, 2027 up to 29 May, 2031 (both days
inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, subject to the approval of the members of the Bank.

Further, N. S. Vishwanathan was re-appointed as the Non-Executive (Part-time) Chairman of the Bank by the Board
at its meeting held on 25 April, 2026, for a further period of three years, with effect from 27 October, 2026 up to
26 October, 2029 (both days inclusive), subject to the approval of the RBI and the members of the Bank. The Bank is
in the process of submitting an application to the RBI for seeking approval for the said re-appointment.
The Board was of the opinion that Malavika R. Harita, P. N. Prasad and N. S. Vishwanathan have the integrity, expertise
and requisite experience, which is beneficial to the business interest of the Bank. Further, they are in compliance
with the provisions of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to
enrolling their respective name in the online databank of Independent Directors and qualifying the online proficiency
self-assessment test for Independent Directors. The Board recommends re-appointment of Subrat Mohanty, P. N. Prasad and
N. S. Vishwanathan, for the approval of the members of the Bank at the ensuing 32nd AGM. Brief profiles of the said
Directors have been annexed to the said Notice.
None of the Bank s Directors are disqualified from being appointed as a director as specified in Section 164 of the Act.
All Directors have further confirmed that they are not debarred from holding the office of a Director under any order from
SEBI or any other such authority.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Resignation / Retirement of Directors
1.
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev, who was re-appointed as an Independent Director by the members of the Bank for a
further period of four years, with effect from 14 June, 2025 up to 13 June, 2029 (both days inclusive), resigned as
an Independent Director of the Bank, with effect from the close of business hours of 5 June, 2025, owing to his
appointment as the Chairman of Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister of India, which is a full-time position.
2.
Rajiv Anand ceased to be a Whole-Time Director (designated as Deputy Managing Director) of the Bank with effect
from the close of business hours of 3 August, 2025, due to his retirement from the services of the Bank.
The Board places on record its deep appreciation for the guidance and invaluable contributions rendered by
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev and Rajiv Anand, during their tenure with the Bank.
Key Managerial Personnel
During the year, following changes took place in the Key Managerial Personnel ( KMP ) of the Bank:
1.
Rajiv Anand ceased to be a Whole-Time Director (designated as Deputy Managing Director) and KMP of the Bank
with effect from the close of business hours of 3 August, 2025, due to his retirement from the services of the Bank.
2.
Neeraj Gambhir was appointed as an Executive Director and a KMP of the Bank with effect from 20 October, 2025.
As on the date of this report, following are the KMP s as per Section 203(1) read with Section 2(51) of the Act and
Rule 8 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
Name of the KMP
Designation
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
Subrat Mohanty
Executive Director
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
Neeraj Gambhir
Executive Director
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Selection and Appointment of Directors
The selection and appointment of Directors of the Bank is done in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act,
rules made thereunder, the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the guidelines issued by the RBI and the relevant provisions
of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Bank has formulated and adopted various policies with respect to selection
and appointment of Directors viz., Succession Planning Policy for the Board and Key Officials of the Bank, Policy on
fit and proper criteria for Directors of the Bank, Policy on Board Diversity and Policy on Training of Directors, the details
of which are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Declaration of Independence
All the Independent Directors of the Bank have confirmed that they meet the criteria prescribed for independence under
the provisions of Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and continue to comply
with the Code of Conduct laid down under Schedule IV of the Act.
The Board has taken on record the declaration and confirmation submitted by the Independent Directors and in the
opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions prescribed under the Act and the SEBI Listing
Regulations, and are independent of the management of the Bank. There has been no change in the circumstances
affecting their status as Independent Directors of the Bank. In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors are
competent, experienced, proficient and possess necessary expertise and integrity to discharge their duties and functions
as Independent Directors. The names of all Independent Directors are included in the databank of Independent Directors
maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.

Board s Report
Board Performance Evaluation
The Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations provide for evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Committees, individual
Directors and the Chairperson of a Company.
The Bank has institutionalized the board performance evaluation process. The NRC annually reviews and approves the
criteria and the mechanism for carrying out the exercise effectively.
The methodology used for the annual board performance evaluation, the outcome, progress made over last year and
the proposed actions for implementation are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this
Integrated Annual Report.
Directors Responsibility Statement
In terms of Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Act, the Directors hereby state that:
the applicable accounting standards have been followed in the preparation of the annual accounts for fiscal 2026.
accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently, and judgments and estimates made are reasonable
and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Bank as at 31 March, 2026 and of the profit
of the Bank for the year ended on that date.
proper and sufficient care has been taken for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Bank and for preventing and detecting fraud and other
irregularities.
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis.
adequate internal financial controls to be followed by the Bank have been laid down and they are operating effectively.
proper and adequate systems have been devised to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and
these systems are operating effectively.
Meetings of the Board / Committees
During fiscal 2026, nine meetings of the Board were held. Details of Board meetings, Board composition, Committee
meetings and Committee composition are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this
Integrated Annual Report.
Audit Committee
The composition, role and functions of the Audit Committee of the Board of the Bank ( ACB ) is provided in the Report
on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
During fiscal 2026, the Board has accepted all the recommendations made by the ACB and hence, no further explanation
towards this is required to be provided in this report.
Related Party Transactions
During fiscal 2026, all the related party transactions were entered in the ordinary course of business of the Bank and on
an arm s length basis. Accordingly, there were no transactions entered during the fiscal year that fall under the scope of
Section 188(1) of the Act, hence, form AOC-2 is not applicable to the Bank.
The details of related party transactions are provided in note no. 2.5 of schedule 18 to the standalone financial
statements and in note no. 1.8 of schedule 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Whistle Blower Policy and Vigil Mechanism
The Bank has formulated and adopted a Whistle Blower Policy and Vigil Mechanism, details of which have been provided in the
Report on Corporate Governance which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Adequacy of Internal Financial Controls related to Financial Statements
The Bank has laid down a system of internal financial controls with reference to its financial statements. The integrity and
reliability of the internal control systems are achieved through clear policies and procedures, process automation, training
and development of employees, and an organisation structure that segregates responsibilities. These controls are reviewed
and tested by the internal audit team to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records and the preparation
of reliable financial statements.
The internal financial controls of the Bank with respect to the financial statements are adequate and are operating effectively.
Plan and Status of Ind AS implementation
The RBI had issued a circular in February 2016 requiring banks to implement Indian Accounting Standards ( lnd AS ) and
prepare standalone and consolidated lnd AS financial statements with effect from 1 April, 2018. Banks were also required
to report the comparative financial statements for fiscal 2018, to be published along with the financial statements for
the year beginning 1 April, 2018. However, the RBI in its press release issued on 5 April, 2018 deferred the applicability
of lnd AS by one year (i.e., 1 April, 2019) for scheduled commercial banks. Further, RBI through a circular issued in March
2019 has deferred the implementation of lnd AS till further notice, which has also been stipulated in the RBI (Commercial
Banks - Financial Statements: Presentation and Disclosures) Directions, 2025 dated 28 November, 2025.
During fiscal 2017, the Bank had undertaken a preliminary diagnostic analysis of the GAAP differences between Indian
GAAP vis-à-vis lnd AS. The Bank has also identified and evaluated data gaps, processes and system changes required to
implement lnd AS. The Bank is in the process of implementing necessary changes in its IT systems wherever required and
other processes in a phased manner. The Bank is also submitting proforma lnd AS financial statements to the RBI on a
half-yearly basis.
In line with the RBI guidelines on lnd AS implementation, the Bank has formed a Steering Committee comprising of
members from the concerned functional areas, headed by the Executive Director. The Steering Committee reviews the
proforma Ind AS financial statements and provides guidance on critical areas of implementation on a periodic basis.
A progress report on the status of lnd AS implementation in the Bank is presented to the ACB and the Board on a quarterly
basis. Accounting impact on the application of Ind AS shall be recognised as and when IT becomes statutorily applicable to
banks and in the manner so prescribed.
Remuneration Policy
The Bank has formulated and adopted a Remuneration Policy for its Non-Executive Chairman and Non-Executive Directors
and a Remuneration Policy for its Managing Director & CEO, Whole-Time Directors, material risk takers, control function
staff and other employees of the Bank, in terms of the relevant provisions of Section 178 of the Act, the relevant rules made
thereunder, the SEBI Listing Regulations and guidelines / circulars issued by the RBI.
The details of the said policies have been provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Integrated
Annual Report. The said policies are available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/
corporate-governance in terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Share Based Employee Benefits
In order to enhance employee motivation, create a retention mechanism, usher in an owner-manager culture, align the
interest of the key executives / employees with that of the shareholders in driving long-term value creation for the Bank,
achieve greater synergy between the Bank and its subsidiary and associate companies and enable employees to participate
in the Bank s long-term growth and financial success, the following share based employee benefit schemes have been
implemented by the Bank:

Axis Bank Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2000-01 ( ESOS )

Axis Bank Employee Stock Unit Scheme, 2022 ( ESUS )

Board s Report
The aforesaid ESOS and ESUS are in compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,
2021 [the SEBI (SBEB and SE) Regulations ]. A certificate from the Secretarial Auditors of the Bank confirming that the
ESOS and ESUS have been implemented in accordance with the SEBI (SBEB and SE) Regulations and in accordance with the
resolutions passed by the members of the Bank, will be placed at the ensuing AGM.
Disclosure as mandated under the provisions of Regulation 14 of the SEBI (SBEB and SE) Regulations, is available on the
website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance.
The above-mentioned schemes are also available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-
corner/corporate-governance.
Particulars of Employees
The information required pursuant to Section 197 of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, in respect of Directors / employees of the Bank, is attached as
Annexure 1 to this report.
Further, the statement containing particulars of employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule
5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is given in an
Annexure and forms part of this Report. In accordance with the provisions of Section 136(1) of the Act, this Integrated
Annual Report excluding the aforesaid information, is being sent to the members of the Bank and others entitled thereto.
The said information is available for inspection by the members at the registered office of the Bank during business
hours up to the date of the ensuing AGM. Any member interested in obtaining a copy thereof, may write to the Company
Secretary of the Bank.
Information under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013
The Bank has formulated and adopted a Policy on prevention of sexual harassment of women at workplace. The Bank has
complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of internal committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The information relating to complaints received, redressed and
pending for more than 90 days during fiscal 2026 is provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of
this Integrated Annual Report.
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
The Bank confirms compliance with the provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, to the extent applicable to
its employees.
Auditors
Statutory Auditors
M/s. M M Nissim & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 107122W / W100672) and
M/s. KKC & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 105146W / W100621) were appointed
as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank at the 30th AGM, to hold office from the conclusion of the 30th AGM until the
conclusion of the 33rd AGM, on such terms and conditions, including remuneration, as may be approved by the ACB, subject
to the approval of the RBI every year.
There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers made in the statutory auditors report which forms
part of this Integrated Annual Report.
In accordance with the RBI guidelines, the Bank has framed a Policy on Appointment of Statutory Central Auditors
and has also identified internal set of evaluation criteria for assessing the audit firms in terms of experience, eligibility
and independence.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Secretarial Auditors
M/s. Bhandari & Associates, Company Secretaries (Firm Registration No. P1981MH043700 and Peer Review Certificate
No. 6157/2024), were appointed as the Secretarial Auditors of the Bank at the 31st AGM, for a term of five consecutive
years, commencing from fiscal 2026 to fiscal 2030, on such terms and conditions, including remuneration, as may be
approved by the ACB.
There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers made by the Secretarial Auditors of the Bank, in their
report. The Secretarial audit report for fiscal 2026 is attached as Annexure 2 to this report.
In terms of the SEBI circular relating to Annual Secretarial Compliance Report, the Bank has appointed the Secretarial
Auditors, for issuing the aforesaid report for fiscal 2026. The Bank will submit the Annual Secretarial Compliance Report to
the stock exchanges within the prescribed statutory timelines.
The Bank has voluntarily adopted a Policy on Appointment of Secretarial Auditors , duly approved by the Board, on the
recommendations of the ACB, which, inter alia, provides for the selection, appointment and rotation of Secretarial Auditors.
Disclosure under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999
During fiscal 2026, the Bank did not qualify as a Foreign Owned or Controlled Company ( FOCC ). Accordingly, the
requirement to obtain a certificate from the Statutory Auditors under the FEMA framework was not applicable.
Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
In terms of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank has obtained a certificate from
M/s. Bhandari & Associates, Company Secretaries, confirming that none of the Directors on the Board of the Bank have
been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the Bank either by the SEBI or the MCA or
any other statutory / regulatory authorities. The said certificate is attached as Annexure 3 to this report.
Reporting of Frauds by Auditors
Pursuant to Section 143(12) of the Act, and circular issued by the National Financial Reporting Authority dated
26 June, 2023, there were five instances amounting to `11.91 crores of frauds committed during fiscal 2026, by the officers
or employees of the Bank and reported by the Statutory Auditors to the ACB.
The details required under Rule 13(4) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to
time, are as under:
Nature of the fraud with
description
Amount
involved
(in ` crores)
Remedial actions taken
1.
Bank staff misappropriated funds
by facilitating unauthorized cash
withdrawals and cash payments
from the branch vault through
fraudulent
suppression of cash shortages.
5.24

Police complaint was filed in the matter. The involved branch officials were
arrested by police and subsequently released on bail. The matter continues to be
sub judice.

Fraud Monitoring Return ( FMR ) reported to the RBI.

Out of the total amount involved, `5 crores seized by police authorities was
released to the Bank pursuant to court orders.

Insurance claim has been submitted for the balance amount of `0.24 crore.

Vigilance Awareness communications reinforcing zero tolerance for unethical
behaviour, including misappropriation, forgery, corruption, and emphasizing the
Whistle Blower reporting obligation have been disseminated.

Board s Report
Nature of the fraud with
description
Amount
involved
(in ` crores)
Remedial actions taken
2.
Bank
staff
duped
multiple
by
gaining
their
trust under the pretext of
assisting
them
conduct
banking services online. Bank
staff used their mobile devices /
internet banking to digitally avail
overdrafts, personal loans, and
other loans and fraudulent debits
from customer accounts by using
confidential
credentials.
1.03

Police complaint was filed in the matter leading to arrest of involved branch
official and the matter continues to be sub judice.

FMR reported to the RBI and subsequent updates reported to the RBI via FMR
Update Application ( FUA ).

Customers are advised through various channels and campaigns, not to share
confidential information such as OTPs, passwords, or their mobile handsets with
anyone, to prevent misuse of funds or accounts.
3.
Bank
staff
misappropriated
customer funds by executing
multiple
fraudulent
debit
transactions in the Savings and
OD accounts of the customers
through forged signatures on
cheques
unauthorised
liquidation of customer FD s.
2.05

Police complaint was filed in the matter leading to arrest of branch officials
involved in the fraud.

FMR reported to the RBI and subsequent updates reported to the RBI via FUA.

Bank has proactively credited affected customer accounts after a thorough
investigation and verification, in order to restore customer trust and ensuring
minimal disruption in service.

Vigilance Awareness communications reinforcing zero tolerance for unethical
behaviour, including misappropriation, forgery, corruption, and emphasizing the
Whistle Blower reporting obligation have been disseminated.
4.
Signature forgery
Forgery of customers signature
customer
request
forms
for mobile number and e-mail
ID updation and thereafter,
transferring
funds
fraudulently
third
accounts.
2.26

Police complaint was filed and the matter is sub judice.

FMR reported to the RBI.

The entire amount of `2.26 crores has been refunded to the accounts of the
customer.

Advisory has since been rolled out to branch employees for strict adherence to
the extant circulars and guidelines of the Bank.
5.
Branch Operations Head in
connivance
Teller,
without
due
authorization
withdrew cash from the teller
counter for personal use and
misappropriated the said cash.
Further, funds were fraudulently
withdrawn from the accounts
several
under
the pretext of investment and
misappropriated.
1.33

Stringent disciplinary action taken against the staff involved including termination

Police complaint was filed in the matter. The involved branch official was arrested
and subsequently released on bail and the matter continues to be sub judice.

FMR reported to the RBI.

The Bank has proactively credited the misappropriated amounts to the affected
customer accounts post a thorough investigation and verification, ensuring
restoration of the customer's trust and minimal disruption in service.

Advisory has since been rolled out to the branch employees for strict adherence
to the extant circulars and guidelines of the Bank.
During fiscal 2026, pursuant to Section 143(12) of the Act, the Secretarial Auditors of the Bank have not reported any
instances of frauds committed in the Bank by its officers or its employees.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Secretarial Standards
The Bank is in compliance with the applicable Secretarial Standards, i.e., SS-1 and SS-2, relating to Meetings of the
Board of Directors and General Meetings , respectively, issued by the ICSI. The Bank has also voluntarily adopted the
recommendatory Secretarial Standards, i.e., SS-3 and SS-4 relating to Dividend and Report of the Board of Directors ,
respectively, issued by the ICSI.
Risk Management
Pursuant to Regulation 21 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank has constituted the Risk Management Committee of the
Board which is chaired by an Independent Director. The details of the said Committee and its terms of reference are set out in
the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
The Bank has formulated and adopted a robust risk management framework. Whilst the Board is responsible for framing,
implementing and monitoring the risk management framework, IT has delegated its powers relating to monitoring,
reviewing and identification of elements of risks associated with the business of the Bank to the said Committee. The
details of the risk management framework and issues related thereto have been disclosed in the Management s Discussion
and Analysis Report, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Corporate Social Responsibility
The Bank has been formally undertaking Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) activities since 2006, with the founding of
Axis Bank Foundation ( ABF ). With the introduction of Section 135 of the Act making CSR mandatory, the Bank expanded
its spectrum of activities to undertake interventions across India in identified themes, directly, through ABF and through
credible implementation partners.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act, read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)
Rules, 2014 ( CSR Rules ), as amended from time to time, the Bank has constituted the CSR Committee of the Board
which is chaired by an Independent Director.
The Bank formulated and adopted a CSR Policy which provides the focus areas (in accordance with Schedule VII of the Act)
under which various developmental initiatives are undertaken.
The composition of the CSR Committee, CSR Policy and projects / programs approved by the Board are available on the website
of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/CSR.
The Annual Report on CSR activities of the Bank during fiscal 2026, in accordance with the CSR Rules, is attached as
Annexure 4 to this report. Further details on CSR activities also form part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
In terms of Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, top 1,000 listed entities based on their market capitalization
as on 31 March, every year, were required to submit Business Responsibility Report ( BRR ), as a part of their annual report.
In November 2018, the MCA constituted a committee to revise the National Voluntary Guidelines ( NVG ) on which the
BRR was based, which were subsequently revised and released as the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct
( NGRBC ) in 2019. Further, the BRR was aligned to the NGRBC, and renamed and released as the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report ( BRSR ) in 2021.
SEBI s master circular dated 30 January, 2026, stipulates the format of BRSR to include BRSR Core which is a set of key
performance indicators / metrics under nine ESG attributes. SEBI further mandated the top 150 listed companies (by market
capitalization) to undertake a reasonable assurance of the BRSR Core from fiscal 2024.
The Bank s BRSR for fiscal 2026 along with the reasonable assurance statement from SGS India Private Limited is available
on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/shareholders-information/business-
responsibility-report.

Board s Report
Conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo
The particulars as prescribed under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014 is attached as Annexure 5 to this report.
Annual Return
The annual return in form MGT-7 as on 31 March, 2026, as mandated under the provisions of Section 92(3) read with
Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, has been uploaded on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-
corner/shareholders-information/annual-return.
Other Disclosures

Change in the nature of business: There has been no change in the nature of business of the Bank.

Significant and material order passed by regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and
future operations of the Bank: There were no significant and / or material orders passed by any regulator, court or
tribunals against the Bank, which could impact its going concern status or future operations.

Deposits: Being a banking company, the disclosures relating to deposits as required under Rule 8(5)(v) & (vi) of the
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, read with Sections 73 and 74 of the Act, are not applicable.

Material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Bank: There were no material changes and
commitments affecting the financial position of the Bank, between the end of the fiscal year to which the financial
statements relate and the date of this report.

Particulars of loans, guarantees and investments: Pursuant to Section 186(11) of the Act, the provisions of Section
186 of the Act, except sub-section (1), do not apply to a loan made, guarantee given, or security provided by a banking
company in the ordinary course of its business. The particulars of investments made by the Bank are disclosed in
schedule 8 of the financial statements as per the applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Maintenance of cost records: Being a banking company, provisions of Section 148(1) of the Act, relating to maintenance
of cost records, is not applicable.

Proceedings under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016: There is no application or proceeding pending against the
Bank under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 during the year under review.

One-Time Settlement: There was no instance of one-time settlement with any other Bank or financial institution during
the year under review.
Annexures
The following statements / reports / certificates are annexed to the Board s report:
1.
Disclosures pursuant to Section 197(12) read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
2.
Secretarial Audit Report pursuant to Section 204 of the Act and Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
3.
Certificate from Secretarial Auditor on non-disqualification of Directors pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with
Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
4.
Annual Report on CSR activities of the Bank for fiscal 2026.
5.
The particulars of Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo as
prescribed under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Acknowledgements and Appreciations
The Board places on record its gratitude to the Government of India, RBI, MCA, SEBI, other statutory and regulatory
authorities, financial institutions, stock exchanges, registrar to an issue and share transfer agent, debenture trustees,
depositories and correspondent banks for their ongoing support and guidance.
The Board would also like to extend its sincere gratitude to each of its valued customers for the continued patronage and
to all the members of the Bank for their ongoing support.
The Board also expresses its heartfelt thanks and appreciation to each employee and their families for their continued
commitment towards the Bank and its customers, who by exhibiting strong work ethics, professionalism, teamwork and
initiatives, helped the Bank continue to serve its depositors and customers and reinforce its customer centric reputation
despite the challenging environment.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
(DIN: 09568559)
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

Board s Report
Annexure 1
DISCLOSURE ON REMUNERATION
[Pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
The ratio of the remuneration of each Director of the Bank to the median remuneration of the employees of the
Bank for the fiscal 2026 and the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief
Executive Officer and Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the fiscal 2026, is as under:
Name of the Directors
Designation
Ratio of remuneration to
median remuneration of
all employees^
% increase in the
remuneration in
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
8.5
NA
Girish Paranjpe
Independent Director
9.4
NA
Meena Ganesh
Independent Director
9.0
NA
G. Padmanabhan
Independent Director
7.0
NA
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev*
Independent Director
1.6
NA
P. N. Prasad
Independent Director
8.4
NA
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Independent Director
7.9
NA
Pranam Wahi
Independent Director
8.3
NA
Malavika R. Harita#
Independent Director
1.8
NA
Mini Ipe
Non-Executive Nominee Director
9.7
NA
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
101.9
5.30
Rajiv Anand@
Deputy Managing Director
24.1
NA
Subrat Mohanty
Executive Director
54.1
6.50
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
53.6
6.50
Neeraj Gambhir$
Executive Director
41.4
NA
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
34.4
7.76
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
17.8
1.28

* Resigned as an Independent Director of the Bank w.e.f. the close of business hours of 5 June, 2025.

# Appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank for a period of four years w.e.f. 18 December, 2025 up to 17 December, 2029 (both
days inclusive).

@ Retired as the Whole-Time Director (designated as Deputy Managing Director) of the Bank w.e.f. the close of business hours of
3 August, 2025.

$ Appointed as an Executive Director of the Bank for a period of three years w.e.f. 20 October, 2025 up to 19 October, 2028 (both
days inclusive).

^ All confirmed employees (excluding front line sales force), as on 31 March, 2026 have been considered.
1.
The Bank has considered the annualized fixed pay for computation of ratios and percentage increase in remuneration.
Fixed pay includes salary, allowances, retiral benefits as well as value of perquisites as approved by the RBI. Variable
pay has been excluded from the same. Further, the remuneration for the Directors for calculation of median have been
considered based on the period of office held by them during fiscal 2026.
2.
All the Independent Directors and Non-Executive Nominee Director of the Bank were paid sitting fees of ₹100,000
for every meeting of the Board, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee, Committee of
Directors, Risk Management Committee, IT & Digital Strategy Committee and Customer Service Committee,
attended by them. In respect of other Committees of the Board, sitting fees of ₹75,000 was paid to the Directors.
Further, all the Independent Directors of the Bank were paid sitting fees of ₹100,000 for attending every meeting
of the Independent Directors. In accordance with the RBI (Commercial Bank - Governance) Directions, 2025,
the Bank paid fixed remuneration to its Non-Executive Nominee Director and Independent Directors (except the
Independent Part-time Chairman) within the limit of ₹27 lakhs as approved by the members of the Bank vide postal
ballot on 10 May, 2024.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the employees of the Bank during fiscal 2026:

The median remuneration of employees of the Bank increased by 1.65% in fiscal 2026, as compared to fiscal 2025.
(iii) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Bank as on 31 March, 2026:

The Bank had 101,337 permanent employees on its rolls as on 31 March, 2026.
(iv) Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees of the Bank other than its managerial
personnel during the last fiscal year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration
( KMPs ) and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the
managerial remuneration:

Average remuneration increase for non-managerial personnel of the Bank during fiscal 2026 was 10.3%.

The average remuneration increase for the managerial personnel (KMPs) of the Bank was 5.47%.

The difference in average remuneration is on account of annual fixed pay increase for non-managerial personnel.
Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Bank:

IT is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during fiscal 2026, is in accordance with the Remuneration
Policy of the Bank.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
(DIN: 09568559)
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

Board s Report
Annexure 2
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
CIN: L65110GJ1993PLC020769
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
corporate practices by Axis Bank Limited (hereinafter called the Bank ). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner
that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Bank s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained
by the Bank and also the information provided by the Bank, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the
conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Bank has, during the audit period covering the financial
year ended 31 March, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Bank has proper
Board-processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting
made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Bank for
the financial year ended 31 March, 2026 according to the provisions of:
The Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) and the rules made thereunder;
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ( SCRA ) and the rules made thereunder;
The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992
( SEBI Act ): -

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
( SEBI Listing Regulations );

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018#;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 2025#;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021#;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018#;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

k.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulation, 1992;

l.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Bankers to an Issue) Regulations, 1994;

m.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Custodian) Regulations, 1996;

n.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019; and

o.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008.

# The Regulations or Guidelines, as the case may be, were not applicable to the Bank for the period under review.
The list of Acts, Laws and Regulations specifically applicable to the Bank are given below:
The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 read with applicable circulars / notifications / guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank
of India from time to time.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards 1 and 2 issued by The Institute of
Company Secretaries of India.
During the period under review, the Bank has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
Standards, etc. mentioned above, to the extent applicable.
We report that, during the period under review, there have been instances where penalties were imposed by the Reserve
Bank of India and other statutory / judicial authorities, and such penalties have been paid by the Bank.
We further report that -
The Board of Directors of the Bank is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under
review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the Board and Committee Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance for meetings other than those held at shorter notice and a system exists
for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful
participation at the meeting.
During the period under review, decisions were carried through unanimously and no dissenting views were observed, while
reviewing the minutes.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Bank commensurate with the size and operations of
the Bank to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period, the Bank has undertaken the following events / actions -
1.
Members approval was obtained at the 31st Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) held on 25 July, 2025 for:

enhancement of borrowing limit of up to `300,000/- crores under Section 180 (1)(c) of the Act;

borrowing / raising of funds denominated in Indian rupees or any other permitted foreign currency, by issue of
debt securities on a private placement basis up to an amount of `35,000/- crores in domestic and / or overseas
markets within the overall borrowing limits of the Bank;

raising of funds by issue of equity shares / depository receipts and / or any other instruments or securities
representing either equity shares and / or convertible securities linked to equity shares for an amount of up to
`20,000/- crores.
2.
The Committee of Whole-Time Directors of the Bank on 26 November, 2025 has approved the allotment of
500,000 Fully Paid, Senior, Rated, Listed, Unsecured, Taxable, Redeemable, Long Term Non-Convertible Debenture
(Series - 9) of face value of `100,000/- each ( Debentures ) at par aggregating to `5,000/- crores at a coupon rate
of 7.27% p.a. payable annually, on a private placement basis.

Board s Report
3.
The Bank has redeemed Unsecured and Redeemable Non-Convertible Subordinated Debentures (Series - 23)
aggregating to `1,500/- crores having ISIN INE238A08377 on 30 September, 2025 and Senior, Unsecured, Redeemable
Non-Convertible Debentures (Series - 2 Infra) aggregating to `3,000/- crores having ISIN INE238A08385 on
30 October, 2025.
4.
The Bank has allotted 108,03,572 equity shares under its Employee Stock Option / Unit Scheme.
For Bhandari & Associates
Company Secretaries
Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024
Manisha Maheshwari
Partner
FCS No.: 13272; C P No.: 11031
Mumbai | 25 April, 2026
ICSI UDIN: F013272H000195344
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure A
CIN: L65110GJ1993PLC020769
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended 31 March, 2026 of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.
Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.
We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about
the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.
4.
Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and
regulations and happening of events etc.
5.
The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.
The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.
For Bhandari & Associates
Company Secretaries
Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024
Manisha Maheshwari
Partner
FCS No.: 13272; C P No.: 11031
Mumbai | 25 April, 2026
ICSI UDIN: F013272H000195344

Board s Report
Annexure 3
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and clause (10)(i) of Para C of Schedule V of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
Trishul, 3rd Floor,
Opp. Samartheshwar Temple,
Ahmedabad - 380 006
Gujarat.
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of
Axis Bank Limited having Corporate Identity Number ( CIN ): L65110GJ1993PLC020769 and having registered office at
Trishul, 3rd Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar Temple, Law Garden, Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad - 380 006, Gujarat (hereinafter referred
to as the Bank ), produced before us by the Bank for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation
34(3) read with clause 10(i) of Para C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number
( DIN ) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Bank & its
officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Bank as stated below for the financial year ended
31 March, 2026, have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Name of Director
DIN
Date of appointment in the Bank
1.
Subramanian Nurani Vishwanathan
09568559
30.05.2023
2.
Girish Paranjpe
02172725
02.11.2018
3.
Meena Ganesh
00528252
01.08.2020
4.
G. Padmanabhan
07130908
28.10.2020
5.
P. N. Prasad
07430506
20.10.2022
6.
CH S. S. Mallikarjunarao
07667641
01.02.2023
7.
Pranam Wahi
00031914
15.02.2024
8.
Mini Ipe
07791184
29.07.2023
9.
Subrat Mohanty
08679444
17.08.2023
10.
Munish Sharda
06796060
27.02.2024
11.
Amitabh Chaudhry
00531120
01.01.2019
12.
Neeraj Gambhir
00257375
20.10.2025
13.
Malavika R. Harita
09005600
18.12.2025
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management
of the Bank. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance
as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the
affairs of the Bank.
For Bhandari & Associates
Company Secretaries
Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024
Manisha Maheshwari
Partner
FCS No.: 13272; C P No.: 11031
Mumbai | 25 April, 2026
ICSI UDIN: F013272H000195388

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure 4
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ACTIVITIES
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)
Rules, 2014]
1.
Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Bank: The Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) philosophy is to make meaningful
and measurable contributions to the inclusive, equitable and sustainable development of India. The Bank strives to
support those from socially, economically, or physically excluded and disadvantaged communities, and strengthen the
country s development ecosystem. The Bank has adopted an integrated approach that focuses on creating opportunities
for secure and sustainable livelihoods, improving the quality of and access to education, strengthening financial inclusion
and financial literacy amongst unbanked and underbanked sections of society, supporting environmental sustainability,
and providing humanitarian support and relief where needed.

During the year under review, no revision was made to the CSR Policy of the Bank.
2.
Composition of CSR Committee
Name of Director
Designation /
Nature of Directorship
Number of meetings of
CSR Committee held
Number of meetings of
CSR Committee attended
1.
N. S. Vishwanathan,
Chairman
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
2.
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev1
Independent Director
Not applicable
3.
Rajiv Anand2
Executive Director
4.
Meena Ganesh
Independent Director
5.
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
6.
Malavika R. Harita3
Independent Director
7.
Neeraj Gambhir4
Executive Director
0/1*

Ceased to be a member w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 June, 2025.

Ceased to be a member w.e.f. close of business hours of 3 August, 2025.

Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

3.
Provide the web-link(s) where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the Board
are disclosed on the website of the Bank:

https://www.axis.bank.in/CSR
4.
Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8, if applicable:

An impact assessment was conducted through a third-party agency on our eligible projects under Financial Literacy &
Financial Inclusion, Humanitarian & Relief, Healthcare & Nutrition, Environmental Sustainability and Education themes,
respectively, in accordance with sub-rule (3)(a) of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)
Rules, 2014. A summary of these assessments is provided below, and the complete assessment reports are available on
the Bank s website at https://www.axis.bank.in/CSR.

Impact Assessment Project 1

Building Flood Resilient Community Program, Majuli, Assam | FY 2022-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with Ayang Trust, implemented a flood resilience and disaster risk reduction program
in Majuli Island, Assam to strengthen community preparedness and reduce flood vulnerabilities. The initiative
improved access to safe drinking water, sanitation, mobility, and emergency shelter while building local response
capacity. Key interventions included 20 raised handpumps, 10 community rescue shelters, 14 flood boats,
1,441 household water filters, and formation of 10 DRR committees, supported by a CSR outlay of `2.17 crores.

Board s Report
An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using mixed methods (household surveys, interviews, focused group
discussion ( FGDs ), and observations) covered 101 stakeholders to evaluate relevance, effectiveness, sustainability,
and improvements in safety and preparedness.

Key Findings

1.
Safe Drinking Water Access: 80% of households reported daily access to safe drinking water during floods;
100% households received water filters.

2.
Flood Shelter Utilization: 83% respondents used community rescue shelters for safe shelter and sanitation.

3.
Evacuation Efficiency: 73% households reduced evacuation time to under 30 minutes due to accessible,
community-managed boats.

4.
Health Outcomes: Over 90% reported lower incidence of water-and flood-related diseases.

5.
Community Preparedness: 100% found DRR committee information timely and useful; 87% participated in
multiple mock drills.

6.
Migration Reduction: No households reported seasonal migration post intervention, indicating improved resilience.

Overall, the partnership has strengthened resilience in Majuli s high-risk riverine landscape by combining resilient
infrastructure with community-led systems. Families are safer, better connected, and more prepared during floods,
supported by improved WASH access and reduced health risks. Enhanced mobility and shelters enable quicker, safer
evacuation and recovery, while addressing gaps like shelter congestion can further improve emergency response. The
model shows strong potential for replication in similar flood-prone regions.

Impact Assessment Project 2

Supporting Pediatric Cardiac Surgeries Program | FY 2023-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with the Sri Sathya Sai Health & Education Trust, supported free pediatric cardiac surgeries
for children with congenital heart disease across Chhattisgarh, Haryana, and Maharashtra, ensuring end-to-end care
for economically vulnerable families. Between January and March 2024, 175 children were treated under the initiative,
supported by a CSR outlay of ₹2.62 crores. An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using mixed methods (desk
reviews, 94 caregiver interviews, medical consultations, and case studies) evaluated relevance, effectiveness, efficiency,
impact, and sustainability, along with improvements in child health and family well-being.

Key Findings

1.
Clinical Success: 97% surgical success rate with 94% reporting no post-surgical complications.

2.
Child Health Improvement: 90% of caregivers reported significant improvement in children s health indicators such
as energy levels and physical activity.

3.
Education Outcomes: 90% school-age children who missed school days due to health-related challenges resumed
regular school.

4.
Financial Protection: 97% of families reported reduced medical expenses; 43% incurred zero post-surgery costs.

5.
Caregiver Livelihoods: 78% of caregivers reported a sharp reduction in workdays lost post-intervention.

6.
Equity & Reach: Majority of beneficiary families earned below `30,000 per month, indicating strong outreach to
vulnerable households.

Overall, the partnership demonstrates a high impact, equitable healthcare model addressing critical gaps in pediatric
cardiac care. IT has enabled rapid recovery, improved quality of life, and protected families from catastrophic
health expenditure. Children are able to resume normal routines quickly, reflecting strong program relevance and
impact. With robust clinical capacity and follow-up systems, the model shows strong scalability potential across
under-served regions.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Impact Assessment Project 3

Museum of Solutions Program, Mumbai | FY 2021-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with the JSW Foundation, supported the development of the Museum of Solutions
(MuSo)-India s first experiential children s museum promoting STEAM learning, sustainability, and alignment with
the UN SDGs through inclusive, child-centric design. The project enhanced learning through interactive exhibits and
hands-on activities, including for children with disabilities, supported by a ₹5 crores CSR grant for LEED-certified
infrastructure. An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using mixed methods (desk reviews, field visits, surveys,
FGDs, and interviews) engaged over 150 stakeholders to evaluate relevance, effectiveness, and sustainability.

Key Findings

1.
Reach and Inclusion: Since inception, the museum recorded over 1.8 lakhs visitors, including more than
60,000 children and approximately 1,000 children with disabilities.

2.
Learning Engagement: 88% of children found exhibits very interesting, while 56% fully engaged in hands-on
learning activities.

3.
Learning Retention: 90% of children reported confidence in applying museum learnings in daily life and
classroom environments.

4.
User Satisfaction: 77% of children expressed very high satisfaction with the overall museum experience.

5.
Comparative Advantage: Among children who had visited other museums, 80% rated MuSo better in terms of
interactivity and quality of facilities.

6.
Sustainability and Outreach: 86% of children indicated willingness to recommend the museum to peers and family,
supporting sustained footfall and outreach.

Overall, the partnership with the JSW Foundation has enabled MuSo to deliver transformative, hands-on learning
that builds 21 century skills and complements formal curricula in an engaging, experiential environment. Its inclusive
design expands access for under-resourced schools and children with disabilities, ensuring equitable exposure to
STEAM and sustainability concepts. The museum s interactive approach allows children to learn sustainability by doing,
fostering deeper understanding and behavioural shifts. Introducing structured post-visit learning materials can further
strengthen knowledge retention and classroom integration. The model has strong potential to enhance and scale urban
learning ecosystems across India.

Impact Assessment Project 4

Axis Bank Shiksha Se Samriddhi Program | FY 2023-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with Microsave Consulting India, implemented Shiksha Se Samriddhi, a financial literacy
program in Muzaffarpur (Bihar) and Jeypore (Odisha) to build financial knowledge, confidence, and positive financial
behaviour through a blended classroom-plus-IVR model. The initiative reached 10,594 beneficiaries through
145 classroom sessions and 11 IVR modules, supported by flipbooks, flashcards, AV aids, and budgeting tools. Content
was persona-based and locally contextual, focusing on budgeting, savings, digital payments, and banking awareness.
With a CSR outlay of ₹2.10 crores, an OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using mixed methods (interviews,
FGDs, and KIIs) engaged 369 stakeholders to evaluate relevance, effectiveness, efficiency, impact, sustainability, and
behavioural change.

Key Findings

1.
Financial behaviour & budgeting: 79% participants now prepare household budgets (69% Bihar, 89% Odisha),
indicating improved financial planning.

2.
Digital payments adoption & household spillover: 77% encouraged at least one family member to adopt digital
payments; usage shifted from 100% cash to 69% cash with occasional digital use.

Board s Report

3.
IVR effectiveness & learning retention: 95% respondents reported IVR messages were clear and easy to
understand, validating the blended classroom-IVR delivery model.

4.
Financial awareness & confidence: 57% reported improved account awareness; 62% better understanding of
banking products; confidence gaps reduced (76% partially resolved, 24% fully resolved).

5.
Sustainability gap: Despite improved awareness, only 4% participants accessed government schemes or credit
linked to their bank accounts, highlighting the need for stronger scheme and product linkage support.

Overall, the partnership has driven measurable behaviour change in household financial management and digital usage,
especially among rural women. The blended model enhances retention, with IVR reinforcing learning beyond sessions.
Beneficiaries report greater confidence in engaging with formal banking, reducing reliance on informal channels. With
targeted support on UPI adoption, scheme access, and credit linkages, the program can deepen financial empowerment
and strengthen inclusion outcomes across low-income communities.

Impact Assessment Project 5

Solar Cold Storage System, Nagaland | FY 2022-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with the Investment & Development Authority of Nagaland ( IDAN ), supported
installation of solar-powered cold storage units across 16 remote, electricity-constrained locations in Nagaland
(December 2022-March 2024) to reduce post-harvest losses and improve market access for smallholder farmers. By
enabling storage of perishable produce, the project aimed to minimize spoilage, enhance price realization and stabilize
incomes, supported by a CSR outlay of ₹5.21 crores. An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using mixed methods
(60 surveys and 10 interviews across four districts) evaluated relevance, effectiveness, efficiency, sustainability,
utilization and long-term viability.

Key Findings

1.
Post-harvest loss reduction: Earlier, 54.2% farmers reported losses of 26-50% and 6.3% above 50%; post
intervention, ~80% limited losses to 1-10%, with over 40% reducing losses below 5%.

2.
System reliability and performance: 91.7% of farmers reported no technical issues with the systems. Cooling
performance was rated good or excellent by more than 95% of users, reflecting strong operational reliability of the
solar-powered units.

3.
Storage capacity utilization: 81.3% of farmers never faced unavailability due to full capacity. Capacity constraints
were mainly observed at high-demand sites with smaller units (5 MT), particularly in Mokokchung.

4.
Income and market outcomes: Reduced spoilage and short-term storage (one-three days) enabled farmers to avoid
distress selling, improve market timing, and secure better price realization - leading to enhanced income stability.

5.
User satisfaction and sustainability: 86.7% of farmers indicated they would definitely recommend the facility,
showing high satisfaction, strong acceptance, and strong likelihood of sustained and repeated usage across seasons.

Overall, our partnership with IDAN has strengthened farm-level resilience by ensuring reliable cold-chain access
that reduces losses and improves incomes. The solar design delivers consistent performance in low-grid areas, while
community-managed operations foster ownership and effective utilization. With capacity expansion and hybrid backup
support, the model can deliver greater value and scale as a climate-resilient solution across similar geographies.

Impact Assessment Project 6

Axis Bank Financial Literacy for Youth (FLY) Program | FY 2022-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with the National Institute of Securities Markets ( NISM ), implemented the Financial Literacy
for Youth (FLY) Program to strengthen financial knowledge, responsible money management, digital finance awareness,
and career orientation among college students across India. Between February 2023 and March 2024, the program
reached over 37,000 students across 393 colleges in 17 states, covering budgeting, savings, investments, mutual funds,
digital payments, risk awareness, and careers in the securities market. The initiative was supported by a CSR outlay

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
of `2.46 crores. As required under CSR norms, an impact assessment using a mixed method approach aligned to the
OECD-DAC framework included 320 structured surveys and 10 in-depth interviews to assess relevance, effectiveness,
efficiency, impact, sustainability, and state-wise variations in outcomes.

Key Findings

1.
Financial knowledge and awareness: 69% of students correctly differentiated saving vs. investing, 74% identified
equity as a high-risk / high-return product, and 75% recognized SEBI as the market regulator, showing strong
conceptual gains.

2.
Behavioural change in money management: About 70% of students tracked expenses or budgeted, and
68% saved money in the last year, indicating early adoption of disciplined financial habits, especially in Haryana
and Uttar Pradesh.

3.
Digital finance usage and safety: Nearly 89% of students had opened a bank or payment account and 74% used
UPI or wallets regularly. Digital safety awareness was high, though 34% faced transaction issues, mainly in Bihar
and Madhya Pradesh.

4.
Career orientation and aspirations: Over 80% of students showed increased interest in finance-sector careers, and
72.5% were willing to pursue NISM certification, reflecting strong career motivation.

5.
Delivery quality and efficiency: Trainer quality and bilingual delivery were well appreciated, but short one-two
days sessions and large batch sizes in some colleges limited interaction and depth of learning.

6.
Sustainability and institutional acceptance: Students continued budgeting and saving after training, and colleges
were open to hosting future batches. However, low completion rates (27%) and delays in issuing certificates (~50%)
may affect long-term motivation.

Overall, the partnership with NISM has effectively equipped youth with practical money-management skills and strong
digital-safety awareness that they can apply immediately. Students demonstrated sharp increases in confidence and
curiosity toward finance-sector careers, reflecting meaningful aspiration shifts. Strengthening hands-on demonstrations
and adopting uncompressed training formats will enhance learning depth and retention. Streamlining the certification
process will reinforce credibility and improve employability signaling for participants. The program model is robust,
scalable, and well-suited for expansion across college campuses nationwide.

Impact Assessment Project 7

Miyawaki Tree Plantation Project, Navi Mumbai | FY 2021-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with Green Yatra Trust, implemented a Miyawaki urban afforestation initiative in Navi Mumbai
to restore degraded public green spaces and enhance biodiversity, climate resilience, and ecosystem services, aligned
with SDGs 11, 13, 15, and 17. Supported by a ₹1.5 crores CSR outlay, the project planted 25,000 saplings across
three municipal gardens using the high-density Miyawaki method to rapidly improve urban green cover. An impact
assessment, aligned with the IUCN NbS Global Standard and RBM framework, used mixed methods including field
surveys, biodiversity assessments, soil testing, and community interactions to evaluate ecological and social outcomes.

Key Findings

1.
Survival and establishment: Of the 25,000 saplings planted, approximately 19,450 survived, resulting in a weighted
survival rate of 77.8% after two years of maintenance, indicating strong establishment under urban conditions.

2.
Biodiversity enhancement: 56 species planted across four layers; four threatened species included; 30+ faunal
species recorded, showing early habitat recovery.

3.
Climate mitigation: Rapid biomass growth was observed within ~2.5 years, with canopy heights of 10-12 m
and average girths of ~30 cm. At mid-thinning stage ( 5 years), the combined carbon sequestration potential is
estimated at ~100,000 kg CO2 per year, demonstrating strong climate mitigation contribution.

4.
Ecosystem services: Miyawaki plots showed two-four times higher soil percolation rates and soil
temperatures 3-5 C lower than control areas, indicating improved groundwater recharge, urban cooling, and
microclimate regulation.

Board s Report

5.
Air-quality co-benefits: Analysis of nearby AQI data (2022-24) showed improvement in nine out of 12 months,
with more pronounced reductions during winter; while not solely attributable to the plantations, trends are
consistent with increased dense green cover.

6.
Economic efficiency: With a total CSR grant of `1.5 crores (including plantation, two years of maintenance
and monitoring), suggesting good value for money when assessed against ecological outcomes rather than
planting numbers alone.

7.
User access and governance: The plantations remain open, accessible public green spaces, implemented on
municipal land with formal approvals and handover to NMMC, supporting long-term stewardship and institutional
sustainability.

8.
Scalability and sustainability: Highly replicable Nature-based Solution aligned with urban climate and
biodiversity priorities.

Overall, the partnership has enabled rapid creation of dense, climate-resilient urban forests with strong ecological
outcomes. High survival, fast growth, and early biodiversity gains demonstrate effectiveness of the Miyawaki method.
The plantations are already delivering measurable ecosystem services - cooling, improved soil health, water percolation,
and air-quality benefits - enhancing urban livability. With robust governance and public accessibility, the model offers a
scalable, high impact solution for urban climate and biodiversity action.

Impact Assessment Project 8

Axis Sachetna (Financial & Health Literacy Program) | FY 2023-24

Axis Bank implemented short, local-language video modules on Financial and Health Literacy to improve women s
awareness on budgeting, savings, insurance, formal banking, and preventive health practices. The curriculum covered
budgeting, savings, DBT, RuPay, PMJDY, PMSBY, and PMJJBY, along with hygiene behaviours such as handwashing
and safe drinking water. Implemented by Quess Corp, the program reached 11.46 lakhs women across 20 states with
a CSR outlay of ₹25 crores. An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using structured surveys (with proportionate
sampling and matched controls) evaluated knowledge recall, financial behaviours, insurance awareness, DBT usage,
and hygiene practices.

Key Findings

1.
High recall of financial messages: Over 88% of participants recalled core financial literacy messages, compared
to 15-16% among the control group. Recall of PMSBY insurance messaging was particularly high at 98.6%, versus
15.4% among control group.

2.
Improved household financial management: Nearly 89.7% of participants reported tracking household income
and expenditure, compared to 40.3% of control respondents. 64.8% began this practice after watching the video,
indicating strong attribution to the intervention. Similarly, 68.3% began estimating monthly savings post training,
while 62.7% of control respondents had no estimate of savings.

3.
Deeper engagement with formal banking: While savings account ownership was already high, participants
showed greater depth of engagement, with higher multi bank relationships (8.4% vs. 1.6%), significantly higher
awareness of RuPay debit card benefits (96% vs. 69.5%), and greater individual card ownership among women.

4.
Improved awareness and uptake of DBT: Only 3.7% of participants were unaware of DBT benefits, compared
to 28.1% of control group. 64.6% gained awareness after program exposure, and 86.2% reported receiving DBT
benefits, compared to 66.1% among control group, alongside far fewer don t know responses.

5.
Stronger insurance coverage: Nearly all participants (99%) recognised the importance of health and life insurance.
Comprehensive family health insurance coverage stood at 64.0% among participants, compared to 40.7% among
controls, driven largely by government schemes, particularly Ayushman Bharat. Life insurance coverage was also
higher (65.9% vs. 44.6%).

6.
Sustained health and hygiene outcomes: Recall of health and hygiene messaging was 92.5% among participants,
compared to 16.3% among control group. Over 90% agreed that the videos helped improve their lifestyle, with
strong reported adoption of preventive practices.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

7.
Consistency across years: Findings reaffirm trends from earlier assessments, demonstrating sustained learning,
translation from awareness to action, and positive impacts on income stability, reduced health expenditure,
financial confidence, and community level spillovers.

Overall, the initiative has delivered strong improvements in women s financial behaviours, banking engagement, and
preventive health practices. High recall and clear behavioural shifts - well above control groups - demonstrate strong
attribution to the short video format. The program has strengthened financial confidence, improved DBT access, and
increased insurance uptake, contributing to greater household security. Health awareness has translated into sustained
behaviour change, making the model highly cost-efficient, scalable, and effective across geographies, with scope for
deeper impact through continued reinforcement and community dissemination.

Impact Assessment Project 9

Axis Bank Scholars Program (Ashoka University) | FY 2020-25

Axis Bank partnered with Ashoka University to implement the Ashoka Scholars Program, a ₹4.5 crores initiative
supporting access to high-quality higher education for 30 meritorious female undergraduate students across
14 states, with a focus on increasing women s participation in STEM and quantitative disciplines. Launched in 2020,
the program provides 50%-100% tuition support for students from economically constrained, often single-income
households, with selection based on rigorous needs assessment. An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using
mixed methods (20 surveys and eight KIIs) evaluated relevance, effectiveness, equity, academic outcomes, and
socio-economic benefits. The report includes the latest cohort up to fiscal 2025.

The report is inclusive of the last cohort of students who progressed to the academic year of fiscal 2025.

Key Findings

1.
Critical Enabler of Access: The scholarship was essential for university entry, with most scholars confirming they
could not have attended Ashoka without financial aid. IT directly prevented educational drop-offs and ensured
deserving women entered a high quality academic environment.

2.
Significant Financial Stress Reduction: 56% reported moderate and 44% high reduction in financial burden;
families avoided loans and asset liquidation.

3.
Improved Academic Focus & Performance: Reduced financial pressure enabled stronger academic focus, and
research engagement; scholars reported clearer academic direction.

4.
Enhanced Professional Exposure & Opportunities: Students accessed high-value internships, research
assistantships, and industry projects that significantly strengthened employability. Such opportunities would not
have been accessible in most public institutions.

5.
Strong Psychosocial Transformation: Access to internships, research roles, and industry projects significantly
improved employability and made the students exponentially more confident.

6.
Promising Alumni Outcomes: Alumni outcomes show upward mobility - 64% employed, 36% pursuing higher
studies, with salary ranges between `7-22 lakhs per annum. These outcomes indicate strong long-term return on
investment and career readiness.

7.
Creation of Social Capital & Mentorship Networks: Students benefited from mentorship by faculty, peers, and
alumni, improving academic decision-making, career navigation, and long-term aspiration building. These networks
continue to support graduates beyond university.

8.
Identified Barriers in Application & Coverage: Short documentation windows (five-seven days), intrusive financial
disclosures, and technical access challenges posed entry barriers for disadvantaged applicants. Partial-aid scholars
(50-65% waiver) continued to face residual financial stress.

Overall, the partnership has enabled high-potential women to access world-class education otherwise unattainable,
significantly reducing financial stress and improving academic and career outcomes. Strong psychosocial gains and
mentorship networks support long-term mobility and impact. With refinements in application processes and increased
support for partial-aid students, the model demonstrates strong potential for scalable gender-equity outcomes.

Board s Report

Impact Assessment Project 10

Axis Bank Dementia Day Care Centre Program | FY 2022-24

Axis Bank, in partnership with Dignity Foundation, supports Dementia Day Care Centres ( DDCs ) in Pune and Delhi
NCR with a ₹1.09 crores outlay, providing structured, multidisciplinary care for elderly individuals with dementia while
offering respite to caregivers. Services include physiotherapy, occupational therapy, cognitive stimulation, recreational
activities, nutritious meals, and assisted transport. An OECD-DAC-aligned impact assessment using surveys, interviews,
and field evaluations examined relevance, effectiveness, efficiency, impact, and sustainability.

Key Findings

1.
Significant Reduction in Caregiver Burden: Caregivers gained approximately seven hours of daily respite
( 50 hours / week) as patients spent six-seven hours at the centre with safe pickup / drop services. This substantially
reduced continuous care giving pressure for nuclear families.

2.
High Satisfaction with Quality of Care: 100% of caregivers reported very high satisfaction with therapeutic care,
staff behaviour, hygiene, and overall environment. They especially appreciated the caregivers patience, empathy,
and respectful handling of dementia patients.

3.
Positive Improvements in Patient Health & Functionality: 67% of caregivers reported improvements in patients
mood, independence, treatment adherence, and physical activity. Patients were described as calmer, more
energetic, and more engaged in structured routines.

4.
Enhanced Emotional & Social Well-being: Patients showed improved emotional stability and reduced
irritability, supported by engaging activities such as brain games, music therapy, art and craft, group games, and
physiotherapy - strengthening cognitive and social stimulation.

5.
High Convenience & Accessibility for Families: Caregivers found the centre s location highly convenient, and the
pickup / drop service was seen as a major enabler, particularly for working caregivers balancing employment and
care giving responsibilities.

6.
Strong Therapeutic Value from Multidisciplinary Care: The structured combination of physiotherapy,
occupational therapy, cognitive stimulation, yoga / meditation, and social interaction aligned with dementia-care
best practices and the 4Rs - Reassure, Redirect, Respect, Routine.

7.
No Financial Stress Despite Program Fees: Although families spent `17,500 per month, all caregivers reported
that the program did not create financial strain. Many expressed willingness to pay more for expanded services,
including weekend shifts.

8.
Major Gaps in Communication & Documentation: Despite high satisfaction with care, 100% of caregivers were
dissatisfied with weak communication systems, irregular updates, inconsistent progress reports, and inadequate
documentation - identified as the program s biggest operational weakness.

Overall, the partnership with Dignity Foundation has established a high-impact dementia care model that improves
patient well-being while significantly reducing caregiver burden. The multidisciplinary approach enhances functionality,
mood, and social engagement, while reliable respite, safe transport, and supportive care enable families to balance
responsibilities. High caregiver satisfaction reflects strong delivery, though improving communication and reporting
systems can further strengthen effectiveness and trust.
5.
Average net profit of the Bank as per sub-section (5) of Section 135: `26,474.59 crores

Two percent of average net profit of the Bank as per sub-section (5) of Section 135: `529.49 crores

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Nil

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: Not applicable

Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: `529.49 crores
6.
Amount spent on CSR projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): `420.35 crores

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: `0.71 crore

Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: `0.60 crore

Total amount spent for the financial year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: `421.66 crores

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total amount
spent for the
Amount Unspent (` in crores)
Total amount transferred to Unspent CSR
Account as per sub-section (6) of Section 135
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per
second proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135
Amount
Date of transfer
Name of the fund
Amount
Date of transfer
421.66
108.45
17. April, 2026
18. April, 2026
20. April, 2026
21. April, 2026
Not applicable
Nil
Not applicable

(f)
Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Particular
Amount
(1)
(2)
(3)
Two percent of average net profit of the Bank as per sub-section (5) of Section 135
529.49
Total amount spent for the financial year
530.11
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]
0.62
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any
Nil
Amount available for set-off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]
0.62
7.
Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years:
Preceding
financial
year(s)
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
sub-section (6)
of Section 135
Balance amount
in Unspent CSR
Account under
sub-section (6)
of Section 135
Amount
spent in the
Amount transferred to a fund
as specified under Schedule VII
as per second proviso to sub-
section (5) of Section 135, if any
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding
financial years
Deficiency,
if any
Amount
Date of
Transfer
Fiscal 2023
29.61
Nil
2.61
Nil
Not applicable
Nil
Nil
Fiscal 2024
51.24
Nil
0.89*
Nil
Not applicable
Nil
Nil
Fiscal 2025
139.65
0.03
139.62
Nil
Not applicable
0.03
Nil

* An amount of `0.89 crore was received from the NGO partners as an unspent amount and the same has been subsequently spent by the
NGO partners during the current financial year.
8.
Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in
the financial year:

Yes
No

If yes, enter the number of capital assets created / acquired: Not applicable.

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount
spent in the financial year: Not applicable.
9.
Specify the reason(s), if the Bank has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section (5) of
Section 135: Not applicable.
Amitabh Chaudhry
N. S. Vishwanathan
Managing Director & CEO
(DIN: 00531120)
Chairman of CSR Committee
(DIN: 09568559)
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

Board s Report
Annexure 5
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
[Pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Conservation of Energy
The steps taken by the Bank or impact on conservation of energy:
Availability of Electrical vehicle charging facility at large buildings i.e., Axis House, Mumbai, Andheri MIDC &
Axis House, Noida.
Lithium based battery backup is provided for all new UPS installations and existing replacement.
Inverter based air conditioning machines with green refrigerant gas (R32 / R410A) is provided for all new installations
and existing replacements.
Replacement of conventional lights with LED lights is provided in all branches / offices.
Centralized energy management system ( CEMS ) is operational in 600 branches to monitor and control
energy consumption.
Daily re-cycling capacity of 110 kiloliters ( KL ) of water through sewage treatment plant available at Axis House,
Mumbai.
Availability of annual rainwater harvesting capacity of approximately 2000 KL at Axis House, Mumbai.
Savings of water consumption by use of sensors / bio-blocks in urinals at selected large offices.
The steps taken by the Bank for utilising alternate sources of energy:
Solar power purchased under power purchase agreement ( PPA ) model for the Bank s business continuity centre
(data centre), Bengaluru.
Solar on ground installations aggregating 2MW.
Three large offices in Mumbai i.e., Axis House Mumbai, MIDC Andheri and the Ruby premises are operational on
100% renewal green energy.
Capital Investments on energy conservation equipment:
Replacement of conventional lights with LED lights at existing set up and new branches estimated at approximately
`3.55 crores per annum.
Yearly cost of approximately `3.22 crores towards centralised energy management services project.
Technology Absorption
1.
Efforts made towards Technology Absorption and benefits derived therefrom:

The Bank continues to advance technology led business initiatives to simplify and enhance customer banking
experience, supported by sustained innovation and adoption efforts during fiscal 2026.

Artificial Intelligence (AI): The Bank continues to strengthen its AI journey by advancing digital transformation
and innovation by enhancing customer service and technology delivery through AI enabled service capabilities,
integrated voice streaming, and strengthened compliance controls. The Bank is improving software delivery
efficiency through AI assisted development, enabling faster release cycles, higher code throughput, earlier risk
detection, and automated remediation. Through AI, the Bank intends to drive operational efficiency and revenue
growth by improving employee productivity; enable real time risk and compliance monitoring, accelerate business
responses, and empower instant, self service insights and query resolution. Furthermore, the Bank has integrated
Generative AI into its operations through the implementation of Axis Deep Intelligence (ADI), a Gen AI based
internal chatbot. Deployed at enterprise scale, ADI supports over 84,000 employees and resolves more than 81%
of employee queries at the branch level. Adoption has been strong, with an average of 33,000 monthly unique
users and nearly 32 lakhs queries processed.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

OPEN Mobile Banking: The Bank continues to strengthen its Mobile Banking platform, which now provides
over 250 features. The platform has received strong customer endorsement, reflected in ratings of 4.8 on the iOS
App Store based on over 0.36 million reviews and 4.7 on the Google Play Store from more than 3.4 million reviews.
Ongoing enhancement of channel capabilities has driven a higher proportion of service requests through digital
channels, resulting in monthly active users exceeding 15 million. The Mobile Banking application has surpassed
35 million registered users. The Bank remains focused on sustaining its leadership position and maintaining higher
app store ratings through FY27.

Digital Payments: The Bank continued to deliver robust performance within the UPI ecosystem, supported by
a Virtual Payment Address (VPA) base of 2,448 million and the ability to process approximately 15.5 million
merchant transactions per day on the UPI platform. The Bank has retained the leadership position in the UPI
Payer Payment Service Provider (PSP) segment, with an estimated market share of 39%. The Bank also continues
to maintain lowest UPI technical decline rates among peer institutions, highlighting the strength, stability, and
reliability of its UPI infrastructure. Furthermore, the Bank has emerged as a leader in Central Bank for Digital
Currency ( CBDC ) with over 1 million registered customers and over 10 million transactions, and the CBDC
adoption has grown annually by ~50%. The WhatsApp banking platform now serves more than 30 million users,
executing 100+ campaigns and over 40 million communications. Additionally, the Bank strengthened its wholesale
and corporate banking digital capabilities through successful migration to a comprehensive Investment Banking
technology suite, launched key platforms and rolled out of Neo for Markets on mobile, and rationalisation of
channels within Neo for Corporates.

Lending Transformation: Adoption reached 94-100% in Bharat Banking products and 84% by volume in
Small Business Banking ( SBB ) Working Capital, supporting diversified business coverage across new, used,
salaried, and hybrid customer segments, with market share in Tractor & Farming Equipment increasing by
approximately 75% Y-o-Y.

Enterprise Core: The Bank continued to strengthen Finacle as the enterprise core, enabling scalable growth,
and higher levels of straight through processing across retail and corporate businesses. Platform modernization
and tighter digital integrations improved operational resilience, cost efficiency, and consistency of customer
experience across channels. The Bank achieved large scale branch transformation with Finacle branch upgrade
across 5,983 branches and 174 back offices migrated to the upgraded version, supporting asset and liability
services on the modernized platform.

The Bank expanded digital lending across Bharat Banking, SBB Working Capital, and Retail Home Loans,
achieving strong adoption across products. This enabled diversified coverage across new, used, salaried, and
hybrid customer segments, while strengthening market position in Tractor and Farming Equipment.

The Bank s upgraded Murex platform strengthened the resilience and scalability of treasury and markets
operations, aligned to the Platform and Resiliency strategy. Enhanced platform stability, controls, and integration
readiness enabled uninterrupted performance across market cycles.

Integration: The Bank has strengthened its API security framework through the implementation of
Aadhaar seeding controls, Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) level encryption, and Aadhaar Enabled Payment
System (AePS) compliance, supported by enhanced monitoring and integration of the API inventory with
change management processes. API adoption continues to scale, with approximately a 9% month on month
increase in request volumes, supported by over 951 partner APIs, more than 970 partner onboardings, and over
2,874 internal APIs. In parallel, the developer portal has expanded its reach, offering 650+ APIs to a growing
community of over 6,770 developers.

Enterprise Architecture and Cloud: The Bank strengthened its digital core by managing over 17 AI applications and
platforms to support key initiatives such as the Lending Transformation through co-solutioning microservices. The
CI / CD pipeline scaled to over 150 applications, while cloud DevOps achieved 99.99% availability, ensuring
compliance with the RBI and SEBI SBOM requirements. The Bank enabled AI supported software development
lifecycle (AI-SDLC) for over 35 applications. Furthermore, the Bank delivered outcomes by establishing an
enterprise grade open source cloud data Lakehouse, alongside automated vulnerability management and chaos
engineering to strengthen security and resiliency.

Board s Report

Infrastructure Resiliency: The Bank operates a centralized IT infrastructure across two primary data centers
located in different seismic zones in Mumbai and Bengaluru, along with a near disaster recovery (DR) data
center in Bengaluru. The data center architecture has been modernized and is now built for scale, with enhanced
capabilities, modular expansion provisions, and additional capacity and space to support future business growth
and technology adoption. These data centers are interconnected through wide area network connectivity and
multi protocol label switching (MPLS) to support application delivery across domestic and international branches.
The facilities adhere to industry benchmarking standards and are designed to maintain high availability. The
Bank s cluster based DR drills further ensure data privacy and security through encrypted and access controlled
failover mechanisms, DPDP compliant data handling practices, continuous threat monitoring, and preservation
of customer controlled security configurations.

Cyber Security: The Bank continues to uphold the highest standards of data security and remains focused on
strengthening its cyber security capabilities through ongoing investments. A comprehensive and holistic cyber
security program is in place, supported by a robust Cyber Security Policy and supporting standards aligned with
best practices and applicable regulatory requirements. The Bank s cyber security governance and operating
framework is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and ISO 27001 standards and is
structured around the core pillars of Govern, Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, and Recover.

The Bank maintains compliance with global information security and data protection standards, including
ISO 27001:2022 for Information Security Management Systems, ISO 27017:2015 for Cloud Security,
ISO 27034:2021 for Software Development and Application Security (Letter of Recognition), and Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) version 4.0.1. The Bank is also certified under ISO 27018:2025, which
governs the protection of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in cloud environments.

During the year, the Bank additionally achieved ISO / IEC 42001:2023 certification, the international standard
for Artificial Intelligence Management Systems (AIMS), reinforcing its commitment to responsible, secure, and
well governed adoption of AI technologies. This comprehensive certification framework underscores the strength
of the Bank s cyber security posture and the robustness of its security and AI governance controls across its IT
and application landscape. Axis Bank is the first bank globally to be certified under the ISO / IEC 42001 Artificial
Intelligence Management System standard.

The Bank operates 24x7 Security Operations Centre (SOC) and Cyber Security Operations Centre to ensure
continuous monitoring and response. All digital products of the Bank are actively monitored across the dark
net and deep web to detect potential threats and data exposure risks. The Bank consistently maintains a strong
BitSight security rating of 810 out of 900 (with 820 being the maximum achievable score), placing IT ahead of
Banking and Financial Services institutions tracked by BitSight and reflecting a well controlled and resilient
external security posture.

Cyber security control deployed by the Bank have resulted in: (a) Improved reliability and security of digital products
through enhanced controls and continuous monitoring, (b) Reduction in potential operational losses by preventing
cyber security incidents, minimizing recovery costs, and improving response efficiency, (c) Strengthened secure
product development practices aligned to global frameworks (NIST, ISO standards), ensuring security-by-design,
and, (d) Enhanced protection of customer data and trust through adherence to recognized security and data
privacy standards.
2.
Details of imported technology (imported during the last three years) reckoned from the beginning of the fiscal
year is as follows:

The details of technology imported:

No hardware procurements have been made in foreign currency.

Several software licenses and upgrades across cards and payments and fund services - capital markets, have
been procured over the past three financial years.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The year of import:

The details are provided below:
Year
Currency
Expenditure
Fiscal 2024
USD
480,000.00
Fiscal 2025
USD
2,188,211.30
Fiscal 2026
USD
460,000.00
Total
3,128,211.30

Whether the technology has been fully absorbed:

All licenses procured have been put to use.

If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the reasons thereof:

Not applicable
3.
The expenditure incurred on research and development:

Nil
Foreign exchange earnings and outgo
For fiscal 2026, for the domestic operations, the Bank had a net foreign exchange gain arising on all exchange / derivatives
transactions of `2,540.38 crores and the foreign exchange outgo towards the operating and capital expenditure was
`273.31 crores.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
(DIN: 09568559)
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

Management s Discussion and Analysis
MACRO-ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
The domestic economy was primed to enjoy a few more years of above-trend growth, given significant slack below the pre-
2020 growth trajectory, especially with a significantly slower pace of fiscal consolidation, easy monetary conditions, and
regulatory easing with a focus on ease of doing business. However, the West Asia conflict has thrown up a multi-dimensional
shock: commodity prices and availability. Uncertainty around business conditions, and higher global costs of capital are also
likely to be seen, driving greater caution and a holding back of consumption as well as investment activity. Nor is the end of
the conflict likely to fully reverse these trends, with developments in geopolitics suggestive of further conflicts where major
powers take sides down the road. All-in, these developments lead to reduced savings, higher costs of goods and services,
and higher costs of capital.
India Economy
The global landscape is likely to hit both long-term and short-term growth domestically. Short-term, tighter inputs and greater
uncertainty will stall otherwise strong recovery trends, while a less value chain friendly global environment with higher costs
of capital will likely hold back longer term trends. We already see continued financial outflows with high domestic savings
flowing out, in response to falling global savings and higher interest rates-these are likely a natural driver of raising domestic
rates to converge with global real levels, drive higher inflation, and lower long-term growth.
As against this, nimble policymaking and the use of countercyclical buffers can support both short and long-term growth. The
budget s focus on electronics and technology, accessibility to resource-rich areas, focus on biopharma and services exports
where tariff focus has been light, increased defence capex, and a focus on urban infra are all part of this mix, adding to the
existing focus on macro and micro-infrastructure. Additionally, India has also rapidly moved to close bilateral trade agreements
with complementarity as the focus - resulting in over 70% of exports now covered by deals. While the global environment will
likely remain inherently unpredictable, these steps will help build the foundation for stabler, well-positioned growth.
Banking system trends and linkages
Positive trends also reflect on the banking sector in general, and well-managed banks in particular: Stronger and higher quality
growth along with policy predictability have helped credit growth pick up over an increasingly diversified base - with MSMEs,
services, NBFCs and retail. Additionally, this growth has been towards higher quality assets, with innovations in appraisal
also better able to identify new avenues adding onto positive quality migration. Trends have resulted in continued declines in
industry credit costs and a high level of capital adequacy. Evidence from past input price shocks suggests a pickup in working-
capital linked credit in the medium term - though higher effective lending costs might hold up progress here.
Fiscal 2027 will also likely see good banking growth. Already, demand for debt capital has been strong, and tends to grow
further with higher input costs, as well as government measures to support credit quality through guarantee schemes. This is
added to by higher nominal growth, tracking past trends during periods of high inflation. Buffers in terms of capital are for now
adequate, but the time to look to rebuild these might come in at some point as conditions move away from the existent.
Medium-term growth
We have been championing the above trend growth seen with low inflation and imbalances indicative of domestic slack, with
GDP around 10% below pre-pandemic trends. However, this slack might be drained by the defacto financial tightening driven
by global developments, while higher prices and a weaker REER also imports inflation. To an extent, fiscal policy around
investments and productivity could raise long-term potential growth, while revenue spending in the form of subsidies and
other support measures can support the near term.
With these trends, we continue to see longer term growth of around 7%, but running hot above this now seems more challenging.
Management s discussion and analysis

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Structured forward-looking drivers
We are looking at a less open world, with past periods of geopolitical competition seeing high commodity prices, high fiscal
spending, financial suppression, segmentation of value chains and financial flow channels, and lower productivity growth
especially for countries that stake out geopolitical neutrality. These trends impose less supportive global conditions and can
spur domestic measures to help mitigate conditions. However, absent these, growth domestically might slow notably with
reversal of some capital account measures and an increase in the government share of growth.
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Operating performance
Particulars
56,048
54,348
3%
26,131
25,257
3%
Operative revenue
82,179
79,605
3%
Operating expenses
39,362
37,500
5%
Operating profit
42,817
42,105
2%
13,263
7,759
71%
Profit before tax
29,554
34,346
(14%)
5,097
7,973
(36%)
Net profit
24,457
26,373
(7%)
Operating revenue increased by 3% Y-o-Y (year-on-year) from `79,605 crores in fiscal 2025 to `82,179 crores in fiscal 2026.
Net interest income (NII) increased by 3% from `54,348 crores in fiscal 2025 to `56,048 crores in fiscal 2026. Non-interest
income consisting of fee, trading and other income increased by 3% from `25,257 crores in fiscal 2025 to `26,131 crores
in fiscal 2026. Operating expense increased by 5% from `37,500 crores in fiscal 2025 to `39,362 crores in fiscal 2026.
As a result, the operating profit increased by 2% to `42,817 crores from `42,105 crores reported last year. Provisions and
contingencies increased by 71% from `7,759 crores in fiscal 2025 to `13,263 crores in fiscal 2026 mainly due to increase
in provision on non-performing loans, additional one-time provision of `2,001 crores made under prudent provisioning
framework for standard assets and provision of `1,231 crores made towards certain set of declassified PSL loans basis an
RBI advisory. Provision for tax stood at `5,097 crores. Consequently, net profit decreased by 7% Y-o-Y from `26,373 crores
in fiscal 2025 to `24,457 crores in fiscal 2026.
Particulars
Interest on loans
99,508
97,200
2%
Interest on investments
25,300
22,928
10%
Other interest income
2,224
2,549
(13%)
Interest income
1,27,032
122,677
4%
56,544
53,902
5%
Other interest expense
14,440
14,427
0.1%
Interest expense
70,984
68,329
4%
56,048
54,348
3%
Average interest earning assets1
1,516,383
1,364,266
11%
Average Current Account and Savings Account (CASA)1
441,149
413,419
7%
Net interest margin (NIM)
3.69%
3.98%
Yield on assets
8.38%
8.99%
Yield on advances
9.10%
9.86%
Yield on investments
6.65%
6.84%
Cost of funds
5.16%
5.46%
Cost of deposits
4.85%
5.12%
1 computed on daily average basis

Management s Discussion and Analysis
NII constituted 68% of the operating revenue and increased by 3% from `54,348 crores in fiscal 2025 to `56,048 crores in
fiscal 2026. Yield on assets decreased by 61 bps primarily due to repricing of floating rate loans, linked to external benchmarks
rates such as repo as notified by RBI. Repo rate has decreased from 6.25% to 5.25%. Cost of funds also decreased by 30 bps. As
a result, the NIM decreased by 29 bps Y-o-Y to 3.69% in fiscal 2026.
During this period, the yield on interest earning assets decreased from 8.99% in fiscal 2025 to 8.38% in fiscal 2026. The yield on
advances decreased by 76 bps from 9.86% in fiscal 2025 to 9.10% in fiscal 2026. The decrease in yield on advances is mainly due
to decrease in repo rate and higher interest reversals due to higher slippages in fiscal 2026 as compared to fiscal 2025. ~73% of
the loans of the Bank are floating rate loans, linked to external/internal benchmark rates. The yield on investments decreased
by 19 bps during fiscal 2026.
Repricing of term and saving deposits during the course of fiscal 2026 has led to the decrease in cost of funds by 30 bps from
5.46% in fiscal 2025 to 5.16% in fiscal 2026. Cost of deposits decreased to 4.85% from 5.12% last fiscal mainly due to decrease
in funding cost of term deposits and savings deposits. Daily average CASA ratio as a proportion to deposits decreased by 146
bps in fiscal 2026 to 38% from 39% in fiscal 2025.
Performance of the Bank against the key drivers for the NIM improvement journey of the Bank in fiscal 2026 is as follows:

Improvement in Balance Sheet mix: loans and investments comprised 89% of total assets as at the end of fiscal 2026;

INR denominated loans comprised 96% of total advances at the end of fiscal 2026;

Retail and CBG advances comprised 67% of total advances as at 31 March 2026;

Balance outstanding in low-yielding priority sector shortfall deposits decreased by `5,761 crores Y-o-Y with priority
sector short fall deposits comprising 0.46% of total assets as at 31 March 2026 as compared to 0.90% at 31 March 2025;

Quality of liabilities at 31 March 2026 measured by outflow rate stood at 28.8%.
The Bank earned interest on income tax refund of `64 crores in fiscal 2026 as compared to `369 crores in fiscal 2025. The
receipt, amount and timing of such income depends on the nature and determinations by tax authorities and is hence neither
consistent nor predictable.
Particulars
Fee income
24,444
22,504
9%
Trading profit
1,374
2,059
(33)%
Miscellaneous income
(55)%
26,131
25,257
3%
Non-interest income comprising fees, trading profit and
miscellaneous income increased by 3% to `26,131 crores in fiscal
2026 from `25,257 crores last year and constituted 32% of the
operating revenue of the Bank.
Fee income increased by 9% to `24,444 crores from `22,504
crores last year and continued to remain a significant part of the
Bank s non-interest income. IT constituted 94% of non-interest
income and contributed 30% to the operating revenue in fiscal
2026. Growth in reported fee income was mainly on account of
increase in business across segments.
13,001
15,858
20,257
1,731
22,504
2,059
24,444
1,373
-242
1,626
Fee Income
Trading Profit
Misc Income
Non-Interest Income

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Segmental composition of fee income continued to remain stable Y-o-Y as under -
Particulars
Retail Banking
72%
Wholesale Banking
25%
Commercial Banking
3%
Retail Banking fees constituted 72% of the total fee income of the Bank in fiscal 2026 and grew strongly at 8% on a Y-o-Y basis.
Fees from retail cards grew 6% Y-o-Y in fiscal 2026 while retail non-card fees grew by 8%.
Fee income derived from the Wholesale Banking segment has increased Y-o-Y at 10% of the Bank s total fee income. Within
Wholesale Banking, granular transaction banking fees grew 10% Y-o-Y. Fee income from the Bank s CBG (Commercial Banking
Group) that lends to small and medium enterprises accounted for 3% of the Bank s total fee income for fiscal 2026 and fiscal
2025 and grew strongly at 17% Y-o-Y.
During fiscal 2026, trading profits without considering impact of mark-to-market gain/(loss) on revaluation of investments
increased by 66% to `2,250 crores from `1,359 crores last year mainly on account of higher profits on the SLR portfolio and
foreign exchange gain. This is after netting off the MTM losses on forex and derivative contracts in fiscal 2026 due to impact of
tightening of foreign exchange rules regarding net open position, non-deliverable forwards etc. by RBI.
The Bank recognised mark-to-market loss on revaluation of investments of `875 crores in fiscal 2026 as compared to a mark-to-
market gain on revaluation of investments of `701 crores in fiscal 2025, due to headwinds in markets at year end arising from
geopolitical conflicts.
The Bank s miscellaneous income in fiscal 2026 stood at `313 crores compared to `694 crores in fiscal 2025, comprising mainly
income from display of publicity material amounting to `185 crores as compared to `258 crores in fiscal 2025.
Operating revenue
The operating revenue of the Bank increased by 3% to `82,179 crores from `79,605 crores last year. The core income streams
(NII and fees) constituted 98% of the operating revenue, reflecting the stability of the Bank s earnings.
Operating expenses
Particulars
Staff cost
12,266
12,193
1%
Depreciation
1,809
1,699
6%
Other operating expenses
25,287
23,608
7%
Operating expenses
39,362
37,500
5%
Cost : Income Ratio
47.90%
47.11%
Cost: Asset Ratio
2.28%
2.46%
Y-o-Y growth rate in operating expenses moderated to 5% in fiscal 2026 as compared to 6% in fiscal 2025 with operating
expenses increasing to `39,362 crores from `37,500 crores last
year. The Bank continued to invest in technology and human
capital for supporting the existing and new businesses. 30% of
total cost increase was on account of investments in technology
and future growth, 21% of the total cost increase was volume
linked and balance 49% was business as usual expenses which
was partially offset by reduction in integration costs.
Staff cost remained stable at `12,266 crores in fiscal 2026 as
compared to `12,193 crores in fiscal 2025. The Bank s employee
strength at the end of fiscal 2026 was at 101,337, which is a
decline of 3% as compared to 104,453 employees as at the end
of fiscal 2025.
2.17
2.25
2.55
2.46
2.28
Operating Expenses to Assets %

Management s Discussion and Analysis
On 21 November 2025, the Government of India consolidated 29 existing labour laws into a unified framework of four Labour
Codes (including the Code on Social Security, 2020), collectively referred to as the New Labour Codes . Since Q3 of fiscal
2021, based on a prudent internal policy, the Bank has been consistently provisioning for gratuity liability, in anticipation of the
implementation of the Code on Social Security, 2020. In Q3 of Fiscal 2026, the Bank performed a preliminary assessment of the
financial impact of the New Labour Codes based on the draft Central Rules and FAQs published by the Ministry of Labour and
Employment, in line with the guidance from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and charged to its Profit and Loss
Account an amount of `25.44 crores towards gratuity, primarily due to changes in the wage definition. The Bank will continue
to monitor the finalization of Central and State rules relating to the New Labour Codes and adjust its estimates and provisions
in subsequent reporting periods for gratuity and other aspects of the New Labour Codes, in accordance with applicable
accounting standards.
Other operating expenses increased by 7% from `25,307 crores in fiscal 2025 to `27,096 crores in fiscal 2026. The increase
is primarily due to statutory expenses attributable to PSLC, CSR and DICGC premium. There has also been an increase in
volume linked costs coming from rising business volumes and investments in technology to support future business growth.
Rate of increase in expenses has moderated in fiscal 2026 to 5% as compared to 6% in fiscal 2025.
The Operating Expenses to Assets ratio decreased by 18 bps to 2.28% for fiscal 2026 as compared to 2.46% last year.
Operating profit
During fiscal 2026, the operating profit of the Bank increased by 2% to `42,817 crores from `42,105 crores last year on account
of steady growth in operating revenues, partially offset by a moderated growth in operating expenses.
Particulars
Provision for non-performing assets
13,026
11,356
15%
Recoveries from written off accounts
(3,542)
(3,809)
-
(1)
-
Other Provisions

141%

Provision for standard assets including unhedged foreign currency
exposure
2,049
-

(18)
(38)
-

Provision for COVID-19 and MSME Restructuring
(195)
(143)
-

Provision for other contingencies
1,916
414%
Total Provision and contingencies
13,263
7,759
71%
During fiscal 2026, provisions (other than provisions for tax) increased 71% Y-o-Y to `13,263 crores from `7,759 crores last
year. Key items of provisions are explained below -
Provisions for non-performing assets and Recoveries from written off accounts:
The gross slippages increased from `19,474 crores in fiscal 2025 to `24,577 crores in fiscal 2026. Prudent application of
technical parameters for recognizing slippages and consequent upgrades has led to the additions of `7,158 crores to gross
NPAs and `2,809 crores to net NPAs for the year ended 31 March 2026 ( Technical Impact ). Technical Impact is largely
restricted to cash credit and overdraft products and one-time settled accounts. The Bank provided `13,026 crores towards
non-performing assets compared to `11,356 crores last year.
The Bank s recoveries from written off accounts in fiscal 2026 were lower, amounting to `3,542 crores as against `3,809
crores in fiscal 2025.
Other provisions

Provisions for standard assets:

The Bank made a provision of `2,049 crores for standard assets including unhedged foreign currency exposure compared
to `11 crores last year.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

During fiscal 2026, the Bank made a provision for standard assets of `657 crores as against a provision of `66 crores made
in fiscal 2025 on account of increase in advances.

During fiscal 2026, the Bank also made a provision of `161 crores in fiscal 2026 as compared to write-back of `55 crores
made in fiscal 2025 for unhedged foreign currency exposure.

During the year ended 31 March 2026, following an RBI advisory, post its FY25 annual inspection, the Bank in Q2FY26
made an additional one-time standard asset provision of `1,231 crores for declassified PSL loans. The customer terms
remain unchanged. This provision will be written back to the P&L upon all the declassified loans being made compliant,
recovered or closed in the normal course, not later than March 31, 2028. No divergence in asset quality or NPA
provisioning was identified in the said annual inspection.

During fiscal 2026, the Bank had a write-back in provision `18 crores in fiscal 2026 as compared to write-back of `38
crores in fiscal 2025 pursuant to implementation of resolution plan in certain accounts.

During fiscal 2026, there was a write-back of `195 crores in provision for loans subjected to COVID-19 and MSME
restructuring mainly on account of slippages and recoveries, as compared to a write back in provision of `143 crores
in fiscal 2025.
Provisions for other contingencies:

During fiscal 2026, the Bank took the initiative to further strengthen its balance sheet by voluntarily enhancing its prudent
provisioning framework for standard assets. In line with this framework, an additional one-time provision of `2,001 crores
was made during the quarter. This measure is entirely prudent and does not indicate any concerns regarding asset quality
or adverse credit developments in the Bank s loan or investment portfolio as of the reporting date.
As at the end of fiscal 2026, the cumulative non-NPA provisions held by the Bank amounted to `15,473 crores with a
standard asset coverage ratio (all non-NPA provisions / standard assets) of 1.26%.
Provision for tax for fiscal 2026 stood at `5,097 crores as compared to `7,973 crores for last year.
In the fiscal year 2023, the Bank acquired Citibank s India Consumer Business from Citibank N.A. (acting through its branch in
India) ( CBNA ) and the NBFC Consumer Business from Citicorp Finance (India) Limited ( CFIL ) collectively referred to as Citi
India Consumer Business on a going concern basis. In accordance with an independent valuer s report, intangibles (excluding
goodwill) amounting to `8,714.24 crores were recognised in the Bank s financial statements. Despite retaining access to and
business use of these assets, as a prudent measure aimed at protecting its capacity to pay dividends, the Bank opted to fully
amortise these intangibles through the Profit and Loss account in Fiscal 2023. Furthermore, the Bank elected not to create
any deferred tax asset in Fiscal 2023 on such intangibles, nor did the Bank consider the deductibility on the said intangibles
while providing for current tax in the books until the regular tax assessment for the said financial year was completed. During
the year ended 31 March 2026, following the conclusion of regular assessment proceedings by the income tax authorities, tax
depreciation on these intangibles was allowed. As a result, the tax expense for Fiscal 2026 is lower by `2,193.20 crores, which
includes the reversal of excess tax provisions made in prior years amounting to `1,129.80 crores, reduction of current year s tax
expense by `265.85 crores and recognition of a deferred tax asset of `797.55 crores.
Net profit
Net profit for fiscal 2026 decreased by 7% Y-o-Y to `24,457 crores as compared to the net profit of `26,373 crores last year.
Asset Quality Parameters
The Bank added `24,577 crores to Gross NPAs during fiscal 2026 with the ratio of Gross NPAs to gross customer assets
declining to 1.23% at the end of March 2026 from 1.28% as at the end of March 2025. The Bank added `14,009 crores to
Net NPAs after adjusting for recoveries and upgradations of `3,109 crores and `7,459 crores, respectively and the Bank s Net
NPA ratio (Net NPAs as percentage of net customer assets) increased marginally to 0.37% from 0.33%. Prudent application
of technical parameters for recognizing slippages and consequent upgrades has led to the additions of `7,158 crores to gross
NPAs and `2,809 crores to net NPAs. The Bank s provision coverage ratio excluding prudential write-offs during the fiscal
stood at 70%. The Bank s accumulated prudential write-off pool stood at `44,631 crores as at end of fiscal 2026.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
During the fiscal, the quantum of low rated pool of BB and below
accounts (excluding investments and non-fund based exposure)
decreased and stood at `1,774 crores as compared to `2,548
crores at the end of fiscal 2025. The aggregate outstanding in such
low rated pool of BB and below investments and non-fund based
accounts was `833 crores and `706 crores respectively as at the
end of March 2026.
The fund based outstanding of standard loans under COVID -19
resolution scheme at 31 March 2026 stood at `958 crores or 0.07%
of gross customer assets. There is no outstanding with respect to
linked non-fund based outstanding for which there has been no
change in original terms. Outstanding restructured loans under the
MSME scheme stood at `105 crores. The Bank holds a provision of
`197 crores on these restructured assets.
Key ratios
Particulars
Basic earnings per share (`)
78.82
85.28
Diluted earnings per share (`)
78.31
84.77
Book value per share (`)
656.96
576.67
Return on equity (%)
13.15%
16.52%
Return on assets (%)
1.45%
1.74%
Net interest margin (%)
3.69%
3.98%
Profit per employee (` lakh)
23.79
25.45
Loan to Deposit ratio (Domestic)
91.45%
88.47%
Loan to Deposit ratio (Global)
92.34%
88.73%
Technical Impact has impacted the reported values of gross slippages, net slippages, credit costs, NPA ratios, ROA% and
ROE%, hence are not comparable on a like-for-like basis to previous year.
Basic Earnings per Share (EPS) was `78.82 compared to `85.28 last year, while the Diluted EPS was `78.31 compared to
`84.77 last year.
Return on Equity (RoE) was 13.15% for fiscal 2026 as compared to 16.52% in fiscal 2025. Return on Assets (RoA) was 1.45%
in fiscal 2026 from 1.74% last year. Book Value per Share increased by 14% to `656.96 from `576.67 last year while profit
per employee decreased marginally at `23.79 Lakhs per employee.
Loan to Deposit (CD) ratio of the Bank as on 31 March 2026 was at 92.34% with a domestic CD ratio of 91.45%.
Balance Sheet parameters
Assets
Particulars
Cash and bank balances
1,04,903
99,732
5%
Government securities
3,73,899
308,076
21%
Other securities
71,134
88,066
(19%)
Total investments
4,45,033
396,142
12%
Retail advances
6,73,468
622,897
8%
Corporate advances
4,12,943
299,393
38%
SME advances
1,47,159
118,521
24%
Total advances
12,33,570
1,040,811
19%
Fixed assets
6,549
6,292
4%
Other assets1
96,795
66,953
45%
Total assets
18,86,850
1,609,930
17%
2.82
2.02
1.43
1.28
1.23
0.73
0.39
0.31
0.33
0.37
Mar-22
Mar-23
Mar-24
Mar-25
Mar-26
Gross and Net NPA (%)
Gross NPA as % to Gross customer assets
Net NPA as % to Net customer assets

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1 includes Priority Sector Lending deposits of `8,690 crores (previous year `14,450 crores)
Total assets increased by 17% to `18,86,850 crores as on 31 March 2026 from `1,609,930 crores as on 31 March 2025,
driven by 19% growth in advances and 12% growth in investments.
Advances
Total advances of the Bank as on 31 March 2026 increased by
19% to `12,33,570 crores from `10,40,811 crores as on 31
March 2025. Retail advances comprised 55% of total advances
and grew by 8% to `6,73,468 crores, corporate advances
comprised 33% of total advances and grew by 38% to `4,12,943
crores and SME advances constituted 12% of total advances and
grew by 24% to `1,47,159 crores.
Domestic advances of the Bank as on 31 March 2026 grew
by 18% to `11,88,744 crores from `1,011,101 crores as on
31 March 2025. Further, domestic corporate advances of the
Bank as on 31 March 2026 increased by 36% to `3,70,028 crores from `2,71,471 crores as on 31 March 2025.
The retail lending growth was led by Small Banking Business (SBB) and Bharat banking loans (rural lending). Home loans
remain the largest retail segment and accounted for 26% of retail loans, rural lending (Bharat Banking) 15%, loans against
property (LAP) 13%, personal loans (PL) and credit cards(CC)
were 19%, auto loans 9% and Small Business Banking (SBB)
at 12%, while non-schematic loans comprising loan against
deposits and other loans accounted for 6%.
Investments
The investment portfolio of the Bank grew by 12% to `4,45,033
crores. Investments in Government and other approved
securities, increased by 21% to `3,73,899 crores. Other
investments, including corporate debt securities, decreased by
19% to `71,134 crores. 81% of the government securities have
been classified in the HTM category, while 25% of the bonds and
debentures portfolio has been classified in the AFS category.
Other Assets
Other assets of the Bank as on 31 March 2026 increased to `96,795 crores from `66,953 crores as on 31 March 2025,
primarily on account of increase in Mark-to-Market (MTM) asset on forex and derivative contracts amounting to `48,477
crores as on 31 March 2026 as compared to `20,496 crores as on 31 March 2025 which was partially offset by a decrease in
Priority Sector Shortfall deposits from `14,450 crores as on 31 March 2025 to `8,690 crores on 31 March 2026.
Liabilities and shareholders funds
Particulars
Capital
0.3%
Reserves and Surplus
2,03,573
177,998
14%
Total shareholder s funds
2,04,194
178,617
14%
Employee stock option outstanding (net)
1,342
1,108
21%
Deposits
13,35,834
1,172,952
14%

Current account deposits
1,84,776
166,799
11%

Savings bank deposits
3,44,136
311,389
11%

400,142
487,571
583,265
622,897
673,468
232,582
268,333
278,149
299,393
412,943
75,223
89,398
103,654
118,521
147,159
Mar-22
Mar-23
Mar-24
Mar-25
Mar-26
Retail
Corporate
SME
Advances
Retail Advances as % to Total Advances
57%
58%
60%
55%
Mar-26
Mar-25
Mar-24
Mar-23
Mar-22

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Particulars

CASA
5,28,912
478,188
11%

Retail term deposits
4,38,917
383,563
14%

Non-retail term deposits
3,68,005
311,201
18%

Total term deposits
8,06,922
694,764
16%
Borrowings
2,35,271
184,147
28%

In India
1,86,103
149,839
24%

Infra bonds
22,551
20,551
10%

Outside India
49,168
34,308
43%
Other liabilities and provisions
1,10,209
73,106
51%
Total liabilities and shareholders funds
18,86,850
1,609,930
17%
Shareholder s funds
Shareholder s funds of the Bank increased from `1,78,617 crores as on 31 March 2025 to `2,04,194 crores as on 31 March
2026. This is mainly on account of profits earned during fiscal 2026.
Deposits
The total deposits of the Bank increased by 14% to `13,35,834
crores against `11,72,952 crores last year. Savings Bank
deposits reported a growth of 11% to `3,44,136 crores, while
Current Account deposits reported increase of 11% to `1,84,776
crores. As on 31 March 2026, low-cost CASA deposits stood
at `5,28,912 crores and constituted 40% of total deposits.
On a daily average basis, Savings Bank deposits, increased by
6% to `3,02,567 crores, while Current Account deposits grew
by 8% to `1,38,582 crores. The percentage share of CASA in
total deposits, on a daily average basis, was at 38% compared
to 39% last year.
Borrowings
The total borrowings of the Bank increased by 28% from `1,84,147 crores in fiscal 2025 to `2,35,271 crores in fiscal 2026.
The Bank has issued debt instrument amounting to `5,000 crores in the form of long-term bonds against Infrastructure and
affordable housing (Infrastructure bonds) in India.
Other Liabilities and provisions
Other liabilities of the Bank increased by 51% over the year to `1,10,209 crores as on 31 March 2026 from `73,106 crores
as on 31 March 2025, which is mainly on account of increase in Mark-to-Market (MTM) liability on forex and derivative
contracts to `45,827 crores as compared to `19,929 crores last year.
Contingent Liability
Particulars
1,911
1,477
29%
14%
Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts
1,421,102
1,256,589
13%
Liability on account of outstanding derivative contracts:
1,267,665
1,369,593
(7%)
Deposits
Mar-26
Mar-25
Mar-24
Mar-23
Mar-22
127,557
242,449
451,966
149,120
297,416
500,409
157,268
302,132
609,241
166,799
311,389
694,764
184,776
344,136
806,922
Current
Term
Savings

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Particulars

Interest Rate Swaps, Currency Swaps, Forward Rate Agreement &
Interest Rate Futures
1,190,196
1,236,293
(4%)

Foreign Currency Options
77,468
133,300
(42%)
168,717
141,189
19%

In India
145,290
121,699
19%

Outside India
23,427
19,490
20%
71,093
55,341
28%
98,900
51,332
93%
Total
3,029,533
2,875,648
5%
Capital Management
The Bank continues its endeavour for greater capital efficiency and shoring up its capital adequacy to enhance
shareholder value.
The Bank s overall capital adequacy ratio (CAR) under Basel III stood at 16.42% at the end of fiscal 2026, well above the
benchmark requirement of 11.50% stipulated by Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Of this, the Common Equity Tier I (CET I) CAR
was 14.38% (against minimum regulatory requirement of 8.00%) and Tier I CAR was 14.78% (against minimum regulatory
requirement of 9.50%). As on March 31, 2026, the Bank s Tier II CAR under Basel III stood at 1.64%.
The organic business of the Bank consumed 29 bps (net) of CET I in fiscal 2026.
Movement of CET I during fiscal 2026
%
CET-1 as on 31 March 2025
14.67

Accretion
1.87

Consumption
(2.16)
CET-1 as on 31 March 2026
14.38
The Bank s Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) to Asset ratio as at the end of fiscal 2026 was 72%. The Bank s capital position
continues to be strong and is sufficiently robust for IT to pursue growth opportunities with adequate liquidity buffers.
The following table sets forth the capital, risk-weighted assets and capital adequacy ratios computed as on 31 March 2026
and 31 March 2025 in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines under Basel III.
Particulars
Tier I capital
200,032
173,944
Tier II capital
22,252
23,113
Out of which

Tier II capital instruments
13,000
14,846

Other eligible for Tier II capital
9,252
8,267
Total capital qualifying for computation of capital adequacy ratio
222,284
197,057
Total risk-weighted assets and contingencies
1,353,452
1,154,075
Total capital adequacy ratio
16.42%
17.07%
Out of above

Common equity tier I capital ratio
14.38%
14.67%

Tier I capital ratio
14.78%
15.07%

Tier II capital ratio
1.64%
2.00%

Management s Discussion and Analysis
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
In 2019, we launched our Growth Profitability and Sustainability strategy, also known as the House of GPS . Over the years,
as part of annual reviews of the House of GPS, we have added areas of distinctiveness, key themes for the Bank to focus on
and other changes to reflect the priorities of the Bank and accounting for the changing environment. The House of GPS, as IT
stands today, continues to reflect our aspirations and remain relevant. Our overall strategy, and specific business and function
strategies, are aligned with our core philosophy of GPS -

Growth: Accelerate deposits growth, focus on profitable advances, achievement of leadership positions across our focus
areas, drive One Axis-led growth across the Group and scale-up of subsidiaries and Axis Digital Bank

Profitability: Focus on profitability and NIM, growth in fee income, improve operating efficiency, optimise costs,
strengthen collections infrastructure and maintain control over credit cost

Sustainability: Strengthen governance across the Group with an integrated assurance approach to enhance risk
management, robust audit and compliance culture, retain high-quality talent, strengthen underwriting, technology and
analytical capabilities and a robust operations platform
As part of the GPS initiatives, under the One Axis vision, we are focused on creating a one-stop solution for banking needs by
integrating the strengths of the subsidiaries with the Bank.
Focus on granular, risk-adjusted, higher-yielding segments has enabled us to deliver on our ROE aspirations and control
credit costs. Our best-in-class mobile banking application, digital/analytical capabilities, and emerging technology, such as
generative AI, gives us the right to win in digital banking. The Bank focuses on reimagining end-to-end journeys, transforming
the core, and becoming a partner of choice for ecosystems. While the macro-economic environment continues to evolve
amidst geo-political uncertainties, India remains a bright economic spot, giving us an incredible opportunity to tap into the
growing capex / infrastructure/investment boom. We have a self-sustaining capital structure adequate to fund organic
growth. Our transformation projects have enabled us to reach closer to our GPS ambitions - Neo (offers end-to-end digital
journeys with DIY onboarding, for banking as well as beyond-banking needs of MSMEs), Siddhi (a super app that empowers
our colleagues to engage seamlessly with customers), granularisation and premiumisation of liability franchise, focus on cost
optimisation, drive collection transformation and set up next generation collection architecture for the Bank. We have also
started yielding visible results due to our investments in long-term distinctiveness drivers - Axis 2.0 (becoming India s
Best Tech Bank), Bharat Banking (tapping the high growth potential in rural and semi-urban markets), Sparsh (customer
obsession program to aid improvement in NPS rankings).
We remain committed to our GPS strategy of working towards Growth, Profitability and Sustainability over the medium-
term and aim to become a resilient, all-weather franchise.
Retail Banking
Over the past decade, the Bank has built a strong and scalable Retail Banking franchise that remains a core pillar of its growth
strategy. Anchored in a customer-first philosophy, differentiated product capabilities, and an extensive phygital distribution
network, the Retail franchise continues to address the evolving financial needs of a diverse customer base across life
stages and segments.
The Bank s Retail Banking business offers a comprehensive suite of products and services spanning deposits, payments, wealth
management, and lending, catering to retail customers, small businesses, non-resident Indians (NRIs), and retail institutions.
These offerings are supported by increasingly digital-first, secure, and intuitive platforms that enhance convenience,
accessibility, and customer engagement. During fiscal 2026, the Retail Banking segment contributed 55% to the Bank s
advances and 72% to the Bank s fee income.
On the liabilities side, the Bank provides a wide range of solutions, including savings and current accounts, term deposits
(fixed and recurring), and customised deposit products tailored to varying customer preferences and liquidity requirements.
Retail lending spans home loans, loans against property, automobile and two-wheeler loans, commercial vehicle loans,
personal loans, gold loans, education loans, credit cards, small business banking loans, and agriculture loans, among others
enabling the Bank to participate across a broad spectrum credit demand segments.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Beyond core banking products, the Retail Banking franchise offers an integrated ecosystem of services, including debit and
credit cards, forex cards, bill payments, and wealth management solutions. The Bank also distributes third-party financial
products such as mutual funds, life and non-life insurance, Government bonds, and other investment products, enabling
customers to meet their savings, investment, and protection needs through a single, trusted platform.
The Retail strategy continues to focus on deepening customer relationships by increasing wallet share, acquiring high-
quality new customers, and delivering a consistently superior customer experience. Central to this strategy is a lifecycle-
based engagement model, supported by advanced data analytics and technology capabilities that enable deeper customer
insights, targeted engagement, and timely, relevant product offerings. During fiscal 2026, the Bank accelerated its digitisation
agenda across sales, service, and branch operations, leveraging automation, analytics, and streamlined processes to enhance
operational efficiency and turnaround times. These initiatives are driving a more seamless, intelligent, and responsive banking
experience across channels.
With a strong liability franchise, a diversified product portfolio, and a robust digital and analytics backbone, the Bank believes
IT is well positioned to sustainably capture long-term growth opportunities in India s retail financial services landscape.
Retail Deposits
The Bank s deposit franchise continued to strengthen during fiscal 2026, supported by robust customer acquisition funnels,
an expanded distribution footprint, differentiated product propositions, and sustained momentum in the Salary and
Burgundy segments.
The Existing-to-Bank (ETB) franchise exhibited steady growth over the past year, with the ETB Savings Account (SA) book
increasing by 3.13% since March 2025, led by broad-based growth across segments. Ongoing process improvements and
digitisation initiatives enabled a reduction of over 50% in turnaround time for SA account opening, significantly enhancing
the customer onboarding experience. Further, the introduction of a personalised engagement calendar through Siddhi for
quarterly customer connects improved overall customer contactability to 80%. The Bank also delivered a 5% improvement in
servicing through Straight Through Processing (STP), driven by targeted product enhancements such as facial authentication.
The Bank continues to sharpen its strategic focus on deposit premiumisation, with an emphasis on increasing the share of
premium accounts in new acquisitions and deepening engagement with affluent and emerging affluent customer segments.
This calibrated approach involves strengthening premium product propositions while progressively moderating dependence
on lower-variant offerings in metro and urban markets.
This strategic repositioning reflects evolving market dynamics and underscores the Bank s objective of enhancing profitability,
strengthening brand differentiation, and improving the overall quality of the deposit franchise. The Bank remains focused
on expanding its premium product suite, leveraging technology-led capabilities, and delivering superior, seamless customer
experiences to support sustainable long-term growth.
In parallel, the Bank has undertaken targeted process
simplification initiatives aimed at eliminating friction points,
strengthening end-to-end digital journeys, and enhancing
service capabilities across channels, including phone banking.
These measures have contributed to improved customer
outcomes and a reduction in service-related complaints. As at
the end of fiscal 2026, the Bank maintained a stable CASA mix,
with CASA deposits constituting 40% of total deposits.
The Bank also continued to enhance its corporate salary and
worksite engagement model, reimagining worksites beyond the
traditional helpdesk approach. Strategic brand partnerships with
leading electric two-wheeler manufacturers, multinational electronics companies, and consumer durable players enabled
deeper employee engagement and strengthened presence across corporate ecosystems and induction programs.
The Bank remains committed to strengthening its fraud prevention framework and regulatory safeguards, supported
by continued investments in robust onboarding controls. Customer onboarding processes have been fortified through
45%
47%
43%
41%
40%
Mar-22
Mar-23
Mar-24
Mar-25
Mar-26
Percentage share of Demand Deposits
to Total Deposits

Management s Discussion and Analysis
multi-layered verification mechanisms, including comprehensive validation using NSDL and UIDAI databases, end-to-end
authentication of contact details, enhanced customer risk profiling, and a re-engineered geo-tagging framework to improve
the accuracy and reliability of address verification.
Digital banking continues to play a pivotal role in reinforcing the Bank s retail liabilities franchise. By enabling frictionless and
scalable onboarding, delivering personalised propositions, and driving data-led customer engagement, digital capabilities are
enhancing acquisition efficiency and deepening customer relationships. The integration of savings, investment, and lending
solutions into a unified digital ecosystem is further strengthening relationship value, fostering long-term customer loyalty, and
increasing share of wallet.
As part of its customer experience-led transformation agenda, the Bank launched a Lean Digital Savings Account onboarding
journey for existing asset and payments customers. This offering leverages pre-filled demographic and Know Your Customer
(KYC) information, requiring customers to provide only incremental details along with initial funding, thereby significantly
reducing onboarding effort and turnaround time. In the assisted mobile onboarding space, the Bank has emerged as an early
adopter of UIDAI s facial recognition-based KYC solution, enabling secure and seamless onboarding through Aadhaar-based
authentication. Additionally, a real-time savings account application tracker was introduced, providing customers with end-to-
end visibility from application submission through account activation, thereby enhancing transparency and customer confidence.
The Bank also maintained a strong focus on retail term deposits during fiscal 2026, leveraging its robust acquisition channels
to onboard new individual customers. This was supported by a comprehensive revamp of digital deposit journeys, including the
ability to book fixed deposits using external funds and invest in non-callable fixed deposits through digital channels. Further,
individual current account customers can now seamlessly book fixed deposits via WhatsApp, enhancing convenience and
accessibility. As a result of these initiatives, total term deposits recorded a year-on-year growth of 16% in fiscal 2026.
Branch Banking
The Bank s physical network expansion strategy is anchored in enhancing accessibility and fostering deeper customer
relationships. Over the years, this has enabled the development of a geographically diversified branch footprint across the
country. Branch additions are driven by detailed assessments of customer segments and population characteristics, aligned
with the Bank s Retail Banking objectives. Expansion remains balanced across metropolitan, urban, semi-urban, and rural
locations, enabling stronger district-level engagement through a focused micro-market framework.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank crossed the milestone of 6,000 branches, supported by the addition of 400 branches during the
year. As at March 31, 2026, the Bank operated 6,739 banking outlets, comprising 6,265 branches, 3 Digital Banking Units,
10 extension counters, 151 specialised lending branches, and 310 Business Correspondent and Banking Outlets (BCBO). This
expansion reflects the Bank s sustained focus on enhancing access to banking services across diverse geographies.
The branch network is complemented by an extensive infrastructure of 12,796 ATMs and cash recyclers. In addition to
facilitating cash withdrawals and deposits, these touchpoints support self-service banking and fulfilment requirements. The
Bank s physical presence spans 712 districts across 28 states and 7 Union Territories, underscoring its pan-India reach.
The Bank promotes a fair and equitable relationship between the Bank and its customers. The Bank treats all customers fairly
and does not discriminate customers on any grounds such as gender, age, religion, caste, literacy, economic status, or physical
disability. To cater to the needs of persons with disabilities , the Bank has enabled its ATMs with braille keypad and talking
functionality (voice guidance). In respect of Bank branches which are not easily accessible, ramps are constructed wherever
feasible, for facilitating access to persons with disabilities. Adequate seating arrangements and support for banking services are
provided. Certain large offices have special equipment, such as wheelchairs for ease of movement. We also provide doorstep
banking for ease of operations for senior citizens and persons with disabilities. Customers in need of assistance can contact the
designated officer at their branch or may bring IT to the notice of the Nodal Officer.
In line with its focus on enhancing customer convenience and accessibility, the Bank offers doorstep banking services to
senior citizens and persons with disabilities, enabling easier access to essential banking transactions. Customers may avail
these services through their respective branches or escalate concerns, if required, to the designated Nodal Officer.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Retail Lending
Retail lending in India is undergoing a significant technology-
driven transformation, marked by a decisive shift towards digital-
first operating models. The Bank is well positioned to capitalise
on this evolving landscape.
The Bank s retail loan book remains well diversified, delivering
healthy and profitable growth across products and quality
customer segments. This performance is underpinned by
enhanced digital journeys, targeted customer programs, deeper
ecosystem partnerships, and increased internal sourcing,
supported by strengthened risk management frameworks.
Together, these capabilities provide a robust foundation for scaling retail lending sustainably across product segments.
Siddhi, the Bank s in-house, industry-first comprehensive mobile platform, continues to support the frontline retail lending
team by enabling faster loan application processing, providing a holistic customer view, and driving a disciplined sales rhythm
to enhance productivity.
Mortgage
The Mortgages business, comprising Home Loans and Loans Against Property (LAP), delivered steady growth during fiscal
2026, supported by improved profitability. The Salesforce Dot Com (SFDC) platform for Home Loans is in the process of
achieving full adoption across all Retail Asset Centres (RACs), enhancing process efficiency and consistency.
The Bank also introduced enhanced programs under the Asha Home Loan segment and launched an industry-first digital
platform for the builder ecosystem. These initiatives have strengthened operational efficiency while improving transparency
across stakeholder interactions.
Consumer loans
The Personal Loans business continued to gain momentum, driven by superior end-to-end digital journeys that enhance
customer onboarding and improve sourcing channel efficiency. The business primarily onboards customers through internal
channels, with ongoing refinement of sourcing criteria and proactive risk interventions based on early risk indicators.
In Education Loans, the Bank remains focused on scaling this strategically important segment, given its potential to establish
long-term, relationship-driven engagement early in a customer s financial lifecycle. The Bank s positioning in this segment is
supported by seamless digital onboarding journeys, expanded institutional coverage, a strengthened distribution network, and
tailored programs for specific customer segments.
Wheels
The Bank continues to invest in digital platforms to enhance resource productivity, enable frictionless processing, and
deliver best-in-class turnaround times, thereby strengthening its position as a preferred financing partner. Focus remains
on sourcing quality customers and optimising portfolio mix across commercial vehicles, commercial equipment, passenger
vehicles, and two-wheelers through prudent counterparty selection based on income assessment, bureau performance, and
banking behaviour markers.
The Bank has established partnerships with leading electric vehicle (EV) original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to
strengthen its presence in the rapidly growing EV financing segment, reinforcing its commitment to innovative, customer-
centric financing solutions aligned with emerging mobility trends.
In parallel, the Bank continues to expand its branch network and enhance digital sourcing platforms across urban and rural
markets, while deepening dealer relationships to support sustainable business growth.
57%
58%
60%
55%
Mar-22
Mar-23
Mar-24
Mar-25
Mar-26
Retail Advances as % to Total Advances

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Bharat Banking
India s rural and semi-urban (RuSu) markets continue to play a
pivotal role in the country s economic transformation. Rising
rural consumption, increasing mechanisation in agriculture,
improved connectivity, and accelerating adoption of digital
financial services are expanding opportunities across these
geographies. Government-led initiatives to promote financial
inclusion, strengthen rural infrastructure, and formalise credit
flows have further accelerated the integration of rural economies
with the formal financial system.
Aligned with the Bank s commitment to inclusive growth, Bharat
Banking continues to deepen its presence across RuSu markets
by expanding distribution, strengthening ecosystem partnerships, and leveraging technology-enabled delivery models. The
Bank s approach remains centred on building strong linkages across the Farm to Folk ecosystem, serving farmers, agri
value-chain participants, rural entrepreneurs, and micro-enterprises through a comprehensive suite of financial solutions.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank further strengthened its distribution footprint across rural and semi-urban markets. The Bharat
Banking network expanded to 2,924 branches, reinforcing the Bank s presence across key rural clusters and emerging
geographies. This physical network is complemented by a network of 20,922 Common Service Centre (CSC) Village Level
Entrepreneurs (VLEs), which play a critical role in enabling last-mile service delivery and improving access to banking services
in remote locations.
The Bank continues to build strong ecosystem partnerships with large corporates, agri-tech companies, financial technology
firms, and participants across the agricultural value chain. These collaborations enhance market access, enable entry into new
customer segments, and support the delivery of tailored credit and deposit solutions aligned with evolving rural customer needs.
Bharat Banking maintained a steady growth trajectory during fiscal 2026, with advances growing by 4% year-on-year,
supported by strong momentum across key rural lending segments such as Gold Loans, Tractor Finance, and Microfinance,
which have outperformed industry growth trends. On the liabilities side, deposits from Bharat branches grew by 13% year-on-
year, reflecting continued focus on relationship-led deposit mobilisation.
The Bank also strengthened its engagement across key rural economic ecosystems, particularly agricultural mandis, which
serve as critical hubs for rural trade and financial flows. During fiscal 2026, the Bank expanded its presence to 899 mandis,
enabling deeper engagement with farmers, traders, and allied stakeholders across the agricultural value chain. This ecosystem-
led approach supports both asset and liability growth while reinforcing the Bank s local market presence.
Product innovation continues to be a key focus area within Bharat Banking. During fiscal 2026, the Bank introduced offerings
tailored to rural customer needs, including Overdraft on Gold through UPI, and enhanced product variants such as MSME Gold
and Agri Gold with revised features. Within the microfinance segment, the Bank launched Self-Help Group (SHG) financing,
expanding its support to community-based financing structures and women-led enterprises.
Bharat Banking remains a key contributor to the Bank s Priority Sector Lending (PSL) strategy and its broader objective of
driving inclusive and sustainable economic growth.
Customer engagement initiatives continue to strengthen relationship depth and cross-sell. The Bank s Connecting the Dots
(CTD) customer referral program progressed to Phase 3 during fiscal 2026, achieving over 16,000 conversions during the
year. The program has been further expanded through deeper integration across Bharat and non-Bharat branches, enabling
broader participation and improved customer acquisition.
Technology continues to be a critical enabler of operational efficiency and customer experience in Bharat Banking. During fiscal
2026, the Bank strengthened its digital capabilities, with adoption of Siddhi, the Bank s CRM platform, exceeding 95% across
the field workforce. The Bank also expanded the deployment of AI-driven tools to enhance productivity, lead management, and
customer engagement. In addition, Salesforce (SFDC) has been fully implemented across key verticals such as Tractor Finance
and Micro (Unsecured), improving underwriting efficiency, reducing turnaround times, and enhancing customer journeys.
Rural loan portfolio
56,332
70,918
91,866
98,232
102,580
Mar-26
Mar-25
Mar-24
Mar-23
Mar-22
Rural Loans Portfolio

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Bank continues to strengthen its collections framework across RuSu markets through a balanced approach combining
digital infrastructure with on-ground engagement models. Data-driven monitoring and advanced analytics are being leveraged
to improve recovery efficiency. Within the microfinance portfolio, fiscal 2026 witnessed a reversal in bounce rates in line with
broader industry trends, supported by improved collection performance and enhanced portfolio stability.
Driving financial inclusion remains a core pillar of the Bank s Bharat Banking strategy. The Bank continues to support
Government initiatives such as Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) through its branch network, Business Correspondent
(BC) partners, and CSC VLE ecosystem. The Bank is also leveraging co-origination partnerships in microfinance to expand
credit access for underserved rural households.
The Bank continues to scale its efforts under Social Security Schemes (SSS), including insurance and pension offerings aimed
at improving financial resilience among rural households. The integration of digital onboarding journeys has enabled smoother
customer enrolment and enhanced service delivery across these schemes.
The Bank remains committed to maintaining robust risk management and compliance frameworks across its rural portfolio.
Expansion across Bharat Banking continues in a calibrated manner, supported by prudent underwriting standards, agile policy
frameworks, and strong monitoring mechanisms. The Bank also ensures adherence to evolving regulatory guidelines related to
agriculture lending, co-lending structures, and MSME financing.
Going forward, Bharat Banking will continue to focus on expanding its presence in underserved markets, strengthening
ecosystem partnerships, and leveraging technology to deliver seamless financial solutions across rural India. With its strong
distribution network, digital capabilities, and ecosystem-led approach, the Bank is well positioned to drive sustainable growth
across both assets and liabilities while contributing to the broader agenda of financial inclusion and rural economic development.
Priority Sector Lending
Priority Sector Lending (PSL) remains a core pillar of the Bank s commitment to driving inclusive and sustainable economic
growth. IT continues to shape the Bank s strategy to expand credit access across underserved segments of the economy.
In fiscal 2026, the Bank successfully achieved its overall PSL targets and sub-targets, demonstrating a robust internal
framework for meeting regulatory requirements.
During the fiscal 2026, the Bank undertook sustained efforts to deepen its presence across priority sectors identified by
the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Focused initiatives were implemented to scale credit deployment across key areas such as
agriculture, micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), and affordable housing. These efforts were aimed at enhancing
credit penetration, supporting income-generating economic activity, and addressing structural financing gaps across both
rural and urban markets.
The agriculture sector, which continues to face limited and uneven access to formal credit, remains a key focus area for the
Bank. Growth in agriculture advances forms an integral part of the Bank s Bharat Banking strategy. During fiscal 2026, the
Bank strengthened its presence in rural markets through technology-led initiatives and expansion of its distribution network.
The Bank continues to enhance credit delivery across the agriculture value chain, supporting farmers and enabling sustainable
ecosystem development. Its product suite includes crop loans under Kisan Credit Card (KCC), investment credit for farm
infrastructure, financing for farm mechanisation, and loans for allied activities. These offerings are tailored to meet the needs
of small and marginal farmers and support compliance with PSL sub-targets relating to agriculture.
The Bank continued to expand its reach through various initiatives aimed at improving access to credit for income-generating
activities aligned to the needs of local communities while widening the reach and support for financial inclusion. Focus
remained on scaling small-ticket lending within rural ecosystems, including crop loans for small and marginal farmers and
microfinance lending to women borrowers from low-income households, while maintaining a prudent risk approach. Individual
loans extended to graduating microfinance borrowers to support business expansion, along with financing for small MSME
units linked to the agriculture ecosystem, remained key growth drivers.
These efforts were complemented by enhancements in digital and process capabilities, enabling timely and efficient credit
delivery across priority segments. Alongside expanding credit flow, the Bank strengthened its internal systems and control
framework to enable effective monitoring of credit utilisation and portfolio quality.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
As part of its broader approach to strengthening the rural and semi-urban economy, the Bank provides financing to food and
agri-processors, rural MSMEs, and participants across corporate supply chains through a suite of need-based products. Both
Retail and Commercial Banking segments maintain a focused approach to MSME lending, which is a critical component of PSL.
By expanding credit access to these enterprises, the Bank supports entrepreneurship, job creation, and economic resilience in
rural and semi-urban regions.
The Bank continues to leverage partnerships with Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) to extend credit to priority sector
borrowers, enabling deeper penetration into underserved geographies and customer segments. Co-lending arrangements
with select NBFCs and Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) remain an important lever for building PSL advances, combining
complementary strengths such as customer reach, product expertise, and risk-sharing mechanisms. In parallel, the Bank
continues to explore alternate structures such as securitisation and lending to NBFCs and MFIs for onward lending, to further
enhance credit flow to priority sectors.
These initiatives collectively support the Bank s objective of strengthening its PSL portfolio in a calibrated and sustainable
manner, while contributing meaningfully to the broader agenda of financial inclusion and economic development.
Retail Payments
The payments landscape continued to evolve during fiscal 2026, driven by rapid digitisation, changing customer behaviour,
and evolving industry guidelines. Cards and Unified Payments Interface (UPI) remained central to non-cash transactions,
alongside rising competition across issuers, acquirers, and platform providers. Customers increasingly gravitated towards
simple, reliable, and high-frequency payment modes, with heightened expectations around seamless experiences, consistency
of service, and transparency across payment journeys.
Against this backdrop, the Bank focused on strengthening its Cards and Payments franchise while pursuing calibrated growth
aligned with portfolio quality, operating discipline, and long-term sustainability. Management emphasis remained on balancing
scale with engagement, and growth with risk and cost considerations. This approach is reflected in a 4% growth in the cards
portfolio, 21% growth in UPI Third Party Application Provider (TPAP) partnerships, and 19% growth in merchant terminals
during fiscal 2026.
Credit Cards
In credit cards, the Bank focused on calibrated customer acquisition, improving activation rates, and sustaining portfolio quality.
The Bank strengthened its partnership ecosystem through new card launches with Google Pay Flex, Supermoney, and Indigo,
and commenced new acquisition under the Axis Bank Horizon Credit Card, with a focus on travel-led value propositions.
Key initiatives during fiscal 2026 included the expansion of EMI-led propositions through Always-on EMI, with EMI-led
spends accounting for 10% of total spends. This was complemented by enhancements to digital fulfilment journeys on the
Axis Bank mobile application and strengthened merchant partnerships to drive affordability-led offerings. These initiatives
contributed to a 25% year-on-year growth in EMI transactions during fiscal 2026.
The Bank continued to adopt a technology-first approach, enabling fully integrated API-led onboarding and card issuance
journeys, push provisioning capabilities through the mobile application, and seamless single-click EMI functionality to enhance
customer experience. Alongside acquisition, the Bank focused on deepening engagement within the existing customer base
through lifecycle-based personalised offers, instant nudges, and portfolio upgrade programs aimed at improving utilisation and
strengthening customer relationships.
In parallel, the Bank strengthened its underwriting and monitoring frameworks, with tighter sourcing guardrails and enhanced
lifecycle interventions to support portfolio stability. These actions reflected management s response to evolving portfolio
performance trends, with tighter sourcing guardrails and enhanced monitoring supporting improved portfolio outcomes.
Operational efficiency and servicing consistency across the card lifecycle remained key areas of focus.
Merchant Acquiring
The Merchant Acquiring business continued to scale through targeted distribution and aggregator partnerships, with the
Bank regaining leadership in terminal base with a market share of 22%. The Bank also became the first acquirer to go live
with Amazon under the Payment Aggregator model.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Growth was supported by expansion of the terminal base and increased penetration across merchant segments and
geographies. Management focus remained on improving operating efficiency and deepening merchant relationships beyond
transaction acquiring, with an emphasis on positioning the Bank as the primary banking partner for merchants.
Cross-sell of deposits and lending to merchants continued to be a key lever for enhancing overall relationship value. During
fiscal 2026, initiatives focused on improving merchant onboarding journeys, settlement processes, and service consistency,
supporting deeper engagement while maintaining discipline on pricing and operating costs.
UPI and Digital Payments
In UPI, the Bank prioritised sustaining scale and reliability amid evolving industry incentive structures. Focus areas included
strengthening partnerships, improving transaction success rates, and identifying monetisation opportunities aligned with
prevailing guidelines. The Bank strengthened its leadership in the UPI Payer Payment Service Provider (PSP) market,
achieving a market share of ~36%.
UPI continued to serve as a high-engagement platform, driving frequent customer interactions and acting as a key touchpoint
within the broader digital ecosystem. This was reflected in 45% growth in UPI transaction volumes during fiscal 2026.
Innovation remained a key focus, with initiatives such as biometric authentication for UPI transactions and enablement of
additional account types on UPI applications supporting sustained organic growth.
The Bank operates a hybrid infrastructure model, offering both on-premise and cloud-based connectivity to TPAPs and
aggregators based on partner requirements. This scalable and resilient architecture has supported strong transaction reliability,
resulting in lower technical declines relative to peer banks.
Strong UPI partnerships, combined with the One Axis approach, enabled deeper engagement with salary account relationships
and strengthened the Bank s position as a preferred partner for corporate payouts. This focus contributed to leadership in UPI
and IMPS payout volumes.
Technology, Operations, and Customer Experience
During fiscal 2026, management focus remained on strengthening operational resilience as transaction volumes scaled.
Enhancements to monitoring frameworks and response mechanisms supported consistent system performance, particularly
during peak usage periods.
Technology investments were directed towards enhancing processing capacity, strengthening API integrations, and improving
system resilience across cards, acquiring, and UPI platforms. Digital issuance, real-time decisioning, and self-service capabilities
contributed to faster turnaround times and improved customer experience, while simplification of customer journeys reduced
reliance on assisted channels. Continued focus on platform stability and scalability supported consistent performance across
high volume payment environments.
Customer experience remained a key priority, with initiatives focused on reducing friction across journeys, enhancing
communication clarity, and enabling faster issue resolution. Increased digital containment, strengthened assisted service
models, and proactive interventions contributed to improvements in customer satisfaction metrics. These efforts were
complemented by a continued focus on consistency of execution across channels as the business scaled.
Governance and Controls
The Bank further strengthened its governance and control framework across Cards and Payments. Enhancements to
onboarding checks, transaction monitoring systems, and observation closure processes were implemented in response
to evolving regulatory guidelines and internal assurance feedback. Structured review mechanisms, combined with regular
engagement with assurance functions and proactive issue identification, supported timely remediation and reinforced first-
line accountability.
Outlook
Going forward, the Bank will continue to focus on disciplined growth, improved unit economics, and deeper customer
engagement across Cards and Payments. Key priorities include enhancing digital adoption, strengthening partnership-led
distribution, and leveraging data and analytics to maximise lifecycle value, while maintaining robust governance and control
standards as the franchise continues to scale.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Retail Forex and Remittance business
Cross-border payments remain a key pillar of the Bank s international banking franchise, supporting retail, SME, and
corporate customers with secure, compliant, and efficient foreign exchange solutions. During fiscal 2026, the Bank operated
in a dynamic global macroeconomic environment characterised by currency volatility, evolving regulatory frameworks, and
an accelerating shift towards digital-first customer preferences. The Bank processed forex transactions aggregating USD 5.2
billion (~`47,000 crores) during fiscal 2026.
While inward remittance flows remained stable and resilient, outward remittances and the Forex Card portfolio witnessed
moderation compared to the previous financial year. In response, the Bank undertook calibrated strategic initiatives to
reposition these segments for sustainable growth, while strengthening risk governance and enhancing operational efficiency.
In October 2025, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) integrated the CCIL (Clearing Corporation of India Limited) FX Retail platform
with Bharat Connect (formerly BBPS), enabling retail customers to purchase foreign exchange for remittances, forex cards,
and currency notes through leading digital applications. This initiative facilitates access to competitive real-time FX Retail rates
through a fully digital and transparent customer experience. The Bank emerged as an early adopter of this platform, supporting
the next phase of India s retail FX ecosystem.
Inward Remittances
During fiscal 2026, the Bank reinforced its position as a trusted partner for inward cross-border remittances, leveraging its
established correspondent banking network to enable seamless credit of funds across geographies. Focused efforts were
undertaken to enhance straight-through processing (STP) levels from ~40% to ~56%, enabling faster credit to beneficiary
accounts. To further improve customer experience, documentation requirements for non-STP transactions were streamlined.
The Bank continues to invest in technology and process optimisation to drive higher levels of automation and scalability.
Outward Remittances
The Bank offers a comprehensive suite of outward remittance solutions, including education fee payments, medical remittances,
family maintenance transfers, capital account transactions, and other permissible cross-border payments, in compliance
with prevailing regulatory guidelines. During fiscal 2026, outward remittance flows moderated, largely reflecting evolving
regulatory dynamics and geopolitical developments impacting overseas education and travel-related transactions.
In response, the Bank initiated strategic recalibration measures and strengthened collaborations with fintech partners to drive
cross-border flows, transitioning from a transaction-led approach to a more integrated, ecosystem-driven model. Digitisation
remains central to this strategy, with ~83% of outward remittance transactions processed through digital channels, enhancing
speed, convenience, and transparency for customers.
The Bank continues to prioritise robust risk management and regulatory compliance while delivering seamless and cost-
efficient international fund transfer solutions.
Forex Cards
The Forex Card portfolio witnessed moderation during fiscal 2026, reflecting tempered outbound travel demand, pricing
pressures, and increasing adoption of alternative digital payment solutions. Notwithstanding near-term contraction, Forex
Cards remain a strategically important offering, providing customers with a secure and convenient alternative to cash for
international travel, business, and education-related expenses.
Product enhancements remained a key priority, including strengthened multi-currency offerings, contactless capabilities,
enhanced fraud monitoring and transaction security frameworks, and improved turnaround times for issuance and reloads.
The Bank is repositioning its Forex Card proposition through sharper customer segmentation, expansion of digital distribution
channels, and targeted cross-sell initiatives across affluent and student segments.
Technology, Risk, and Outlook
The Bank continues to invest in the technology-led transformation of its cross-border payments ecosystem. Strategic
priorities include deeper API integrations, enhanced compliance automation, corridor expansion, and improved digital
customer journeys enabled by data and analytics.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
With increasing global mobility and cross-border financial flows, the Bank remains well positioned to capture emerging
opportunities across retail foreign exchange and remittance businesses, while maintaining high standards of compliance,
security, and service excellence.
Third-Party Distribution
The Third-Party Products business continues to be a key pillar of the Bank s diversified fee income model. Through a
comprehensive suite of investment and protection solutions, the Bank enables customers to meet their financial goals across
life stages while strengthening long-term relationships.
During fiscal 2026, the Third-Party Distribution business focused on deepening customer penetration, expanding partner
ecosystems, and leveraging digital capabilities to deliver a seamless advisory and transaction experience. The Bank operates a
multi-partner distribution model, offering curated products across life insurance, health insurance, general insurance, mutual
funds, and alternative investment products.
Through partnerships with leading insurance providers, the Bank offers a comprehensive range of risk protection solutions
tailored to diverse income segments and customer risk profiles.
As at March 31, 2026, the Bank s mutual fund Assets Under Management (AUM) stood at `91,326 crores. The Bank continues
to be among the leading banking distributors in the industry, servicing a mutual fund customer base of ~1.25 million as at
March 31, 2026.
The Bank continued to be one of the largest Bancassurance player in terms of both Life and Non-Life Insurance volume
among private Banks with an annual fee growth of 18% in Life Insurance and 9% in Non-Life insurance in fiscal 2026.
The Bank s dedicated in-house research desk plays a key role in identifying and curating mutual fund schemes based on rigorous
qualitative and quantitative evaluation parameters. The Bank currently distributes schemes from 27 Asset Management
Companies (AMCs) through its extensive branch network and digital channels, aligning offerings with customers lifecycle
needs and investment preferences.
The Bank also offers online and offline trading services in collaboration with Axis Securities Limited under the Axis Direct
platform. Through its branch network, the Bank has sourced ~5.84 million customers for Axis Direct, with around 6.93 lakh
customers added during fiscal 2026.
With a strong customer franchise, a diversified product portfolio, and a technology-enabled advisory model, the Third-Party
Distribution business is well positioned to drive sustainable fee income growth while enhancing customer lifetime value.
Wealth Management
The Bank s Wealth Management business continued to
demonstrate steady scale expansion and consistent growth during
fiscal 2026. Under the Burgundy franchise, the Bank managed
wealth assets of `6.78 trillion as at March 2026, reflecting the
depth of client trust and the strength of its franchise.
Anchored in the One Axis ecosystem - integrating banking,
wealth management, asset management, investment banking, and
capital markets - the Bank offers one of the most comprehensive
propositions for high net worth (HNI) and ultra-high net worth
(UHNI) clients in India. This integrated model enables the
delivery of a broad suite of solutions tailored to clients financial
aspirations, investment preferences, and risk profiles.
Recognising the distinct wealth management needs of diverse
customer segments - including affluent professionals, first-generation entrepreneurs, business families, senior citizens, and
non-resident Indians (NRIs) - the Bank remains focused on supporting clients across their wealth creation and preservation
journeys. Its open architecture model provides curated access to a wide range of investment solutions, including
Portfolio Management Services (PMS), Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs), mutual funds, fixed income instruments, and
alternative assets.
Overall Burgandy AUM
2.61
3.57
5.37
5.92
6.78
Mar-26
Mar-25
Mar-24
Mar-23
Mar-22
Overall Burgandy AUM
` in trillions

Management s Discussion and Analysis
During fiscal 2026, the Bank further strengthened its product platform by adding two mutual fund Asset Management
Companies (AMCs) and 20 PMS/AIF partners, enhancing both the breadth and quality of investment offerings available to clients.
The Bank s proposition is supported by a dedicated team of wealth specialists and investment professionals with deep
expertise across asset classes. This is complemented by in-house economic research capabilities and partnerships across the
Axis ecosystem, enabling the design of customised investment strategies aligned to clients evolving financial goals.
As Indian investors increasingly diversify globally, the Bank continues to strengthen its international wealth platform through
GIFT City. This enables efficient access to India-focused investment opportunities for NRI clients while supporting resident
clients in diversifying across global markets through structured solutions designed to optimise geographic risk allocation.
In line with evolving customer preferences, the Bank continues to enhance digitally enabled investment journeys. Through
Open , its flagship mobile banking platform, clients can seamlessly invest across asset classes including NPS, mutual funds,
insurance, and sovereign bonds. Digital channels contributed over `8,055 crores in mutual fund gross sales during fiscal
2026, reflecting strong adoption and engagement.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank launched its NextGen online investment platform, offering a more intuitive and efficient
experience across both web and mobile channels. Early adoption trends have been encouraging, contributing to an enhanced
customer investment journey
Affluent Banking
The Burgundy franchise continues to strengthen its position as a comprehensive offering for HNI and emerging affluent
clients. During fiscal 2026, the Bank further enhanced its value proposition through an integrated suite of banking,
investment, and insurance solutions, powered by digital capabilities and a highly skilled relationship management workforce.
The affluent banking franchise is supported by a network of over 580 Relationship Managers, 485 Premium Service Managers,
and 20 Wealth Specialists across more than 350 branches. This expanding footprint has enabled deeper penetration into Tier-2
and Tier-3 markets, where demand for curated wealth and investment solutions is growing.
The NRI segment remains a key strategic priority within the Bank s premiumisation agenda. The Bank provides personalised
banking, investment, and service experiences to NRI clients through integrated digital and remote channels. In addition to
core banking solutions, NRI customers are offered a broad range of India focused investment products through our digital
platforms. The segment is supported by more than 480 dedicated Relationship Managers and over 400 virtual Relationship
Managers, enabling consistent and high-quality engagement across geographies.
Overall, fiscal 2026 reflected continued expansion, capability enhancement, and franchise strengthening within the affluent
banking business. The Bank remains focused on investing in people, platforms, and partnerships to address the evolving
financial needs of affluent and globally connected clients. The franchise remains committed to delivering a differentiated,
seamless, and future ready wealth experience.
Private Banking
Burgundy Private, the Bank s private banking franchise catering to UHNI and HNI clients, completed six years of operations
during fiscal 2026. The business continues to scale, managing client assets of over `2.4 trillion across more than 16,000
families, including 40 of the Forbes 100 richest Indians, with a presence across 52 cities.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank expanded the Burgundy Private proposition to 10 additional Tier-2 cities, aligned with its strategy
to tap the growing UHNI population in these markets. The franchise continues to benefit from strong operational synergies
across the One Axis ecosystem, delivering incremental value to clients.
Burgundy Private has continued to receive international recognition for service excellence, including awards such as India s
Best for Next-Gen at the Euromoney Global Private Banking Awards 2025 for the third consecutive year, and Best Private Bank
for HNWIs at The Asset Triple A Awards 2025. During fiscal 2026, the franchise received nine awards across five platforms.
Burgundy Private Partners are at the centre of ensuring that our clients Experience the Power of One . The people strength in
our private banking arm has grown to more than 250 vintaged Burgundy Private Partners with an average working experience

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
of over 15 years. They are ably supported by a well-trained team of more than 125 Service Partners to ensure superior service
delivery. The 1:2 Service Partner to Partner ratio, which is among the best in the industry, is part of our strategy to ensure
service delivery is always prioritised. Burgundy Private clients benefit from the expertise of our dedicated team of Investment
Counsellors and Insurance Specialists, who are certified and trained for the purpose.
Burgundy Private Experiences , our flagship program which brings to our clients curated events across various genres such
as music, arts, dining, and thought leadership has built an identity of its own and our clients look forward to being invited
to such events. In Fiscal 2026, the Bank organised 51 exclusive events covering 21 cities, which helped 1,500+ Burgundy
Private clients get together to network with like-minded patrons.
Burgundy Private franchise has been consistently pursuing excellence and has been dedicated to enhancing service delivery
in Private Banking, with customer centricity at the centre. The Bank has successfully established a strong brand identity for
Burgundy Private, defined by credibility and lasting recognition through strategic partnerships. With the growth that India
is witnessing in the wealth management space, Burgundy Private is well poised to deliver strong growth in the coming years.
Digital Banking
Digital Banking remains a core strategic focus area and a key differentiator for the Bank. As an early mover in launching
a dedicated Digital Bank, the Bank has, over the past several years, made sustained investments in building in-house,
proprietary digital-native capabilities. These investments have enabled end-to-end digital journeys across products and
services, supporting the Bank s broader digital consumer lending ambitions.
During fiscal 2026, digital banking continued to play a central role in enhancing customer engagement across both retail and
wholesale segments, with digital platforms emerging as the primary mode of interaction for a wide range of banking needs. The
Bank s efforts remained focused on driving growth through increased adoption, deeper engagement, and consistent customer
experience. Digital channels supported rising transaction volumes and increasing complexity in a stable and controlled manner,
reinforcing operational resilience as digital adoption accelerated. Strengthened core journeys and growing self-service adoption
enabled scalability and efficiency, supporting long-term value creation.
The Bank s digital ecosystem spans end-to-end journeys across retail and corporate banking, delivered through mobile and
internet banking platforms, WhatsApp, APIs, and corporate digital platforms. The operating model integrates direct digital
journeys led by the Digital Business and Transformation function with assisted digital journeys enabled by relationship
managers and branch teams. This hybrid model allows customers to seamlessly transition between self-service and assisted
channels while enhancing productivity and service quality. Together, these channels support a wide range of customer needs
across payments, deposits, lending, servicing, and engagement.
Payments continue to serve as a foundational element within the Bank s digital ecosystem, representing one of the most
frequent customer interaction points. Digital platforms support high-volume, always-on transaction activity across retail
and wholesale segments. During fiscal 2026, digital payments have grown, reflecting the increasing role of digital channels in
customers daily financial activities. Reliability, continuity, and consistent performance remain critical to sustaining customer
trust as transaction intensity continues to increase.
The Bank further strengthened its digital servicing capabilities, with an increasing proportion of routine service requests
being fulfilled through digital workflows. Approximately 70% of branch service requests were enabled digitally during fiscal
2026, contributing to faster turnaround times and improved service consistency. Enhanced automation and straight-through
processing (STP) capabilities have reduced manual intervention, enabling faster outcomes while maintaining robust controls.
This shift has driven greater adoption of self-service journeys, allowing frontline teams to focus on higher-value interactions
and exception management.
As digital usage deepened, the Bank placed strong emphasis on enhancing security and customer trust. Several customer-centric
initiatives were introduced during fiscal 2026. Features such as FD Lock were launched to safeguard deposits by restricting
premature digital closures, while Mobile App-based OTP authentication reduced reliance on SMS-based verification, mitigating
risks such as SIM swap fraud. A digital face authentication framework was implemented across select journeys to enable secure
identity verification. Additionally, the Safety Centre within the mobile application was enhanced, allowing customers to
manage account security settings, control transaction permissions, login access, and authentication preferences, and to take
immediate action in case of suspected fraud.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
The Bank also strengthened customer engagement capabilities through initiatives aimed at improving financial awareness and
well-being. My Money , the personal finance management feature within the mobile application, enables customers to access
a consolidated view of balances, spending patterns, credit behaviour, and investments. Features such as net worth tracking,
categorised spending insights, and personalised recommendations support informed financial decision-making.
Digital lending capabilities were further expanded across retail and small business segments. The Bank offers a wide range
of digital lending solutions, including personal loans, business loans, overdrafts against deposits, loans against securities,
home loans, vehicle loans, and working capital financing. These journeys are delivered through both direct digital and assisted
models, with continued emphasis on improving conversion rates, enhancing customer experience, and maintaining prudent
underwriting standards.
On the wholesale side, Neo , the Bank s digital banking platform for corporate clients, continued to see increased adoption
and deeper engagement. The platform integrates payments, trade finance, forex, treasury, and servicing capabilities into a
unified interface, enabling clients to manage financial operations seamlessly. API-based integrations allow corporates to embed
banking services into their internal systems, improving efficiency, automation, and control over financial processes.
The Bank also continued to enhance its digital reach and engagement through improvements to its customer-facing platforms.
A redesigned website with improved navigation, performance, and content structure was launched, facilitating easier access
to information. Content-led engagement initiatives such as Open Dialogue and the Learning Hub were further scaled,
fostering informed customer interactions. The Bank also expanded its presence across social media platforms to improve
accessibility and relevance.
Customer experience remained a central focus across digital channels. The Bank s mobile banking application, Open , continued
to receive strong customer feedback, with average ratings of 4.8 on both Google Play Store and Apple App Store as at 31 March
2026. This reflects sustained improvements in usability, reliability, and platform performance.
As digital adoption continues to accelerate, digital platforms form an integral and resilient layer of the Bank s operating
model. With a growing share of customer interactions being handled digitally across retail and wholesale segments, ongoing
investments in platforms, journeys, and operating models will continue to strengthen scalability, reliability, and customer trust.
Performance of Digital Banking Units
Digital Banking Units (DBUs) play a pivotal role in advancing Axis Bank s digital transformation agenda by delivering banking
services through a robust, paperless and technology-driven infrastructure. These units act as enablers in expanding the
Bank s digital footprint, complimenting traditional brick-and-mortar formats while promoting seamless, self-service
banking experiences.
In line with the Government of India s vision announced during FY23 to establish 75 DBUs across 75 districts, Axis Bank
operationalized its DBUs in Bhilwara and Bundi (Rajasthan) and Itarsi (Madhya Pradesh) in October 2022. As on March 31,
2026, Axis Bank operates three DBUs, continuing to strengthen digital adoption
The number of deposit accounts including saving bank accounts, current accounts and term deposit accounts sourced
through DBU was 1,042 in fiscal 2026. The Bank also originated 22 loans processed through DBU in fiscal 2026.
Wholesale Banking and products
The Bank stands as a leading and all-encompassing Wholesale Banking franchise in the country, addressing every banking
need of the Corporates. We are building on our strong foundation with distinct, innovative strategies that differentiate us in
a competitive landscape and set the stage for next-year growth.
Throughout the fiscal year 2026, our focus remained on fostering deeper client relationships and delivering comprehensive
banking solutions. By leveraging our One Axis approach across different business segments and subsidiaries, we successfully
encompassed the entire corporate value chain.
The Wholesale Coverage Group offers a wide array of products and services such as cash credit facilities, demand and short-
term loans, project finance, export credit, trade services, forex and derivative solutions, payment and cash management

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
systems, tax payments, salary accounts, trust services, commercial and credit cards, and much more. Backed by a dedicated
Wholesale Banking Products team, we provide customized solutions to meet the diverse financing needs of our clients.
The Bank s Wholesale Coverage serves diverse customer segments ranging from SMEs, Start-ups, Large and mid-corporates,
MNCs, Financial institutions and intermediaries, PSUs and Government departments through its sharpened coverage
structure, as follows:

Mid-Corporates & Medium Enterprises Group (MEG): focuses on fast growing enterprises and MSMEs

Large Corporates: Covers India s leading corporates and conglomerates, delivering integrated solutions across lending,
treasury, trade, cash management and capital market linkages under the One Axis framework.

Focused Segmental Coverage: Covering PSUs, Government-owned entities, Multinational companies, Start-ups, Real
Economy corporates (Infrastructure and real estate companies) and Financial institutions
Wholesale Banking Coverage Group
The Wholesale Banking Coverage Group (WBCG) remains a key pillar of the Bank s wholesale banking strategy, offering an
integrated suite of solutions across lending, liabilities, transaction banking, trade, foreign exchange (FX), capital markets,
custody, and digital channels. Through the One Axis framework, the Group delivers end-to-end solutions that support client
working capital cycles, investment requirements, treasury management, and overall cash flow optimisation
Business Performance Review
During fiscal 2026, WBCG continued to rebalance its franchise towards transaction-led and fee-based revenue streams,
while strengthening liability mobilisation in a competitive funding environment. Current account, escrow, and payroll
propositions were further deepened across corporate client segments, supporting improvement in self-funded ratios.
Asset growth remained calibrated and aligned to sectoral trends, portfolio concentration norms, and the Bank s risk appetite.
Asset quality was resilient, supported by enhanced early warning systems, market intelligence capabilities, and strengthened
credit governance frameworks.
Non-credit income was driven by higher Cash Management Services (CMS) volumes, increased trade flows, foreign exchange
activity linked to sponsor-led and cross-border transactions, and escrow flows from capital markets and real estate ecosystems.
Productivity improvements were achieved through the adoption of digital Credit Appraisal Memorandum (CAM) workflows,
enhanced ecosystem mapping, and closer cross-functional collaboration.
Strategic Progress and Operating Priorities
Liability led Growth - Focused initiatives deepened CA balances, scaled digital collections, expanded payroll relationships
and integrated CMS offerings through APIs (Application Programming Interface and ERP (Enterprise Resource
Planning) connectors.
Strengthening Non-credit Revenues - Stable fee income was driven by cash management, FX, trade finance, custody and
escrow solutions.
Digital and AI Integration - Automation of credit workflows, AI-enabled monitoring, CRM driven analytics and digital
onboarding enhanced efficiency, speed and governance.
Risk Management and Portfolio Discipline - Enhanced portfolio surveillance, automated triggers, stronger collateral discipline
and improved stress testing frameworks supported calibrated risk outcomes.
Sectoral Highlights
WBCG maintained broad-based engagement across key sectors, including manufacturing and industrials, renewables
and energy transition, infrastructure and real estate, technology and digital commerce, and financial sponsors. Expansion
remained selective and aligned with the Bank s risk-return framework and portfolio diversification objectives.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Medium Enterprise Group
The Medium Enterprise Group (MEG) is an integral part of the Bank s Wholesale and Commercial Banking strategy, serving
fast-scaling, professionally managed enterprises through a relationship-led and integrated operating model.
MEG combines sectoral expertise, transaction banking capabilities, and digital platforms to deliver customised financial
solutions across the business lifecycle, supported by the One Axis framework and the Bank s Dil Se Open philosophy.
With a pan-India presence, strong regional connect, and disciplined underwriting practices, MEG has delivered consistent
growth in both advances and deposits. More than 75% of the portfolio qualifies under Priority Sector Lending, reflecting the
Group s alignment with the Bank s PSL objectives.
A granular and well-diversified portfolio, supported by ongoing digitisation initiatives - including straight-through processing (STP)-
enabled renewals - has strengthened operational efficiency, profitability, and customer experience within the MEG franchise.
Commercial Banking Coverage Group (CBG)
The Commercial Banking Coverage Group (CBG) is a key business franchise and a strategic growth engine for the Bank,
playing a critical role in driving Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise (MSME) lending, strengthening Priority Sector Lending
(PSL), and supporting overall profitability and balance sheet composition.
CBG serves the evolving needs of MSMEs across their end-to-end value chain, spanning credit, trade and foreign exchange
solutions, liabilities, and transaction banking services. The franchise also offers tailored banking propositions for business
owners and their employees, enabling a comprehensive and integrated financial ecosystem across the business lifecycle.
The MSME sector continues to be a cornerstone of the Indian economy, demonstrating resilience and adaptability in a dynamic
operating environment. In this context, CBG remains focused on addressing diverse MSME requirements through customer-
centric, digital-first, and innovation-led solutions. The franchise continues to strengthen its positioning as a one-stop MSME
solutions provider, supported by best-in-class digital platforms, customised offerings, and a robust credit delivery framework.
Enhanced digital capabilities, including platforms such as Neo and digitised renewal journeys, have streamlined servicing and
improved turnaround times. Relationship managers, supported by real-time insights and advanced analytics, enable proactive
and personalised engagement with customers, strengthening relationship depth and service quality.
As of March 2026, the CBG book stands at `147,159 crores. CBG continues to be an important contributor to the Bank s PSL
strategy, generating stable and high-quality priority sector assets.
Wholesale Banking Products
The Bank has strengthened its position as a transaction bank of choice across current accounts, cash management, and trade
and supply chain finance, supported by continued market share gains. The Bank remains focused on delivering differentiated
and integrated transaction banking solutions to clients across corporate, commercial banking, financial institutions, and
government segments.
As part of its wholesale digital agenda, NEO by Axis Bank represents the Bank s strategic commitment to building a leading
digital transaction banking franchise. The platform offers a comprehensive suite of capabilities, including API banking,
Corporate Internet Banking, host-to-host integrations, and strategic ecosystem partnerships.
The Bank continues to develop solutions aligned with varying levels of client digital maturity, enabling seamless adoption across
segments. In addition to a robust API suite that enables corporates to integrate enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems
with the Bank, a Corporate Developer Portal has been launched to empower digitally advanced clients with self-integration
capabilities through a do-IT-yourself model.
Cash Management
The Bank offers comprehensive cash management solutions across customer segments and continues to maintain a leadership
position in transaction volumes across NEFT and IMPS platforms. Its API Banking suite has been further strengthened to
support high transaction processing speeds, catering to digitally advanced clients.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Bank provides account statements in multiple customised formats across various transmission modes, including APIs,
enabling straight-through processing (STP) and seamless reconciliation within client ERP systems.
The Bank is authorised to collect Direct Taxes, Goods and Services Tax (GST), and Customs duties, and has enabled digital
payment processing through cards and UPI for GST and CBDT collections. Additionally, the Bank is integrated with the
Public Financial Management System (PFMS) for government disbursements and has enabled state tax collections across
multiple states.
The Bank is progressively improving on its leadership position in Bharat Connect (earlier known as BBPS) ecosystem and has
been amongst the first movers to launch EV Recharge category in BBPS along with an industry first instant bill generation
capability for utility customers. The Bank continues its dominant position in terms of number of biller onboarding and
highest number of transactions amongst private banks and has been leading the way for piloting new initiatives with NBBL,
billers & fintech partners.
Commercial Cards
The Commercial Cards business continued to drive innovation by offering tailored payment solutions that enable businesses
to optimise cash flows, improve expense management, and enhance working capital efficiency. During fiscal 2026, the Bank
further strengthened its digital proposition by enhancing end-to-end issuance and servicing journeys, while expanding the
use of commercial cards across business and statutory payment use cases.
A key focus area was strengthening capabilities in B2B and statutory payments through direct integration with platforms such
as GST and CBDT portals, enabling seamless and secure tax payments via commercial cards. Supported by robust technology
infrastructure and strategic ecosystem partnerships, the Commercial Cards platform continues to play a critical role in enabling
efficient corporate payment solutions.
Trade and Supply Chain Finance
The Bank offers a comprehensive suite of trade and supply chain finance (SCF) solutions across domestic and cross-border
requirements, delivered through both its branch network and digitally integrated platforms. A dedicated team of product
and sales specialists supports clients across exports, imports, guarantees, and liquidity management requirements.
During fiscal 2026, the trade business focused on strengthening cross-border flows by deepening engagement with existing
clients and leveraging opportunities across key India-linked trade corridors. The launch of export factoring is expected to
support incremental trade flows, enhance revenue streams, and strengthen client relationships.
In supply chain finance, the Bank continued to scale integrated lifecycle solutions, building a balanced portfolio mix spanning
granular dealer and vendor financing as well as large structured corporate programs. This approach has driven strong growth
in the SCF portfolio and supports the Bank s ambition to further strengthen its position in this segment.
Current Account
The Bank s continued focus on its transaction banking proposition supported steady growth in current account balances
during fiscal 2026. The Current Account (CA) franchise emphasised service excellence to drive client retention and deepen
relationships, supported by enhanced adoption of self-service capabilities and streamlined customer journeys, including
re-KYC processes.
To further strengthen service delivery, dedicated CA service desks were operationalised across multiple locations, alongside
the launch of the Infinity CA onboarding platform, enabling faster and more seamless client onboarding. In addition, WhatsApp
Banking capabilities were extended to current account customers, facilitating convenient access to key account information
and service requests.
The Bank also launched UPI services for current account customers, enabling eligible business entities - including corporates,
partnerships, LLPs, and trusts - to initiate UPI transactions in line with regulatory guidelines, thereby expanding digital
payment capabilities.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Treasury & Markets
The Bank s Treasury & Markets function encompasses Asset-Liability Management (ALM), Foreign Exchange Trading
(including currency derivatives and bullion), Interest Rate Trading (including rupee derivatives), Primary Dealership, Non-SLR
Trading (including equities), Debt Capital Markets (DCM - domestic and international), Treasury Sales, Loan Syndication, and
Treasury Technology & Governance.
The ALM function is responsible for managing statutory and regulatory liquidity requirements, including the Cash Reserve
Ratio (CRR), Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR), Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). The function
also oversees the Bank s liquidity, interest rate, and foreign exchange risk exposures in line with the frameworks and guidance
established by the Asset-Liability Committee (ALCO).
The Foreign Exchange Trading Group is an active participant in domestic and international currency and derivatives markets,
undertaking both proprietary trading and market-making activities across a wide range of foreign exchange products.
The Interest Rate Trading (IRT) desk plays a critical role in market-making and trading across Government Securities (G-Secs),
Overnight Index Swaps (OIS), and other interest rate-linked instruments. As a Primary Dealer, the Bank meets its regulatory
obligations with respect to underwriting, bidding participation, success ratios, and turnover in Government Securities and
Treasury Bill auctions.
The corporate bond and equity trading desk undertakes investments across primary and secondary markets, including
corporate bonds, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and equity instruments.
Debt Capital Markets and Syndication
The Bank continues to maintain a leadership position in Debt Capital Markets (DCM), ranking #1 in calendar year 2025,
following its return to the top position in 2024. The Bank has also demonstrated sustained performance, having held the #1
arranger position for 16 consecutive years up to calendar year 2022.
The Bank s international DCM franchise continues to expand, with mandates from leading corporates for offshore bond
issuances, including a track record of arranging Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)-compliant transactions.
The Loan Syndication desk plays a key role in arranging financing solutions for corporate clients across domestic and
international markets, operating on underwriting, arranger, and best-efforts basis. The desk also undertakes secondary loan
market activities, contributing to portfolio optimisation and balance sheet risk management.
Treasury Sales and Client Solutions
Treasury Sales, part of the Bank s Fixed Income, Currency, and Commodities (FICC) franchise, works in conjunction with
coverage teams to deliver customised treasury solutions, including risk management and hedging strategies for a diversified
client base. The team offers a wide suite of foreign exchange and derivatives products, supported by strong structuring
capabilities and execution expertise.
The business also leads the Bank s digital markets platform, Neo for Markets , which integrates client engagement with
execution capabilities and supports the delivery of differentiated treasury solutions.
Technology, Governance, and Risk Management
The Treasury Technology & Governance (TTG) function oversees technology implementations across treasury operations
and ensures a robust governance framework for all products and activities. The function plays a critical role in ensuring that
new products and market activities are consistent with internal risk policies and regulatory guidelines.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
SPARSH: Embedding Customer Obsession as a Distinctive Capability
SPARSH continues to be a core enterprise priority and a key area of distinctiveness for the Bank. IT reflects the Bank s
structured approach to strengthening customer experience, deepening trust and embedding customer obsession into the
way the organisation operates.
Over the years, SPARSH has evolved into a comprehensive framework anchored in 4 areas: crafting delight journeys, embedding
SPARSH values, measuring and acting on customer feedback, and building institutional capabilities. This framework enables
the Bank to listen with intent, strengthen key journeys and reinforce ownership across customer touchpoints.
A defining element of SPARSH is the emphasis on leadership ownership of customer outcomes. The Bank continues to
encourage direct engagement between leaders, frontline teams and customers, ensuring that customer needs and
experiences guide decision-making and execution across levels.
SPARSH also focuses on embedding customer centric behaviours into everyday execution. Through daily ownership rituals,
regular cadences, recognition and platform enabled support, the Bank continues to reinforce behaviours that help teams listen
with intent, act with speed and take greater ownership of customer outcomes.
During the year, the Bank continued to deepen customer engagement across priority cohorts, including Senior Citizens and
NRIs, through structured listening and focused interventions. These efforts support the Bank s broader agenda of building
more trusted, relationship led and customer need led experiences.
The Bank also continued to strengthen digital and institutional capabilities through platforms such as Adi and Kaleidoscope.
These capabilities support employees with faster access to relevant information, improved visibility of customer relationships
and more consistent customer conversations across channels. They also enable the Bank to use technology more effectively to
support frontline teams, improve response quality and strengthen customer engagement at scale.
SPARSH is embedded across the Bank s branch network, digital channels, customer touchpoints and employee base, and
continues to be supported by governance mechanisms that reinforce accountability and execution discipline.
Going forward, SPARSH will continue to play an important role in strengthening customer trust, deepening relationships
and building differentiated customer delight moments. IT remains a distinctive capability for the Bank, bringing together
leadership ownership, customer listening and insight, governance and technology to deliver sustainable value.
Business Intelligence Unit
The Business Intelligence Unit (BIU) is a core enterprise capability that anchors the Bank s data-led transformation agenda.
Operating at scale across businesses, BIU enables consistent, analytics-driven decision-making to support growth, strengthen
risk outcomes, enhance customer experience, and improve operational efficiency. BIU solutions are embedded across key
functional areas - including marketing, risk, fraud, compliance, collections, financial crime, strategy, and operations - spanning
retail, cards, deposits, wholesale, and commercial banking.
BIU brings together a diverse talent base of over 650 professionals across data engineering, advanced analytics, data science,
and generative AI. Over recent years, the Unit has continued to mature its operating model through sharper capability
segmentation, stronger role clarity in emerging disciplines such as machine learning (ML) engineering and data stewardship,
and structured enterprise-wide skill frameworks. These investments have enhanced execution consistency, reduced reliance
on bespoke delivery, and improved the scalability of analytics outcomes across the organisation.
Analytics, ML, and generative AI are increasingly embedded into frontline and management decision processes. BIU has played
a central role in advancing the Bank s data and analytics platform through continued adoption of cloud-enabled data platforms,
scalable lakehouse architectures, API-driven services, and modern analytical tooling. Alignment of priority workloads with the
Bank s hybrid cloud strategy has enhanced resilience, flexibility, and the ability to industrialise analytics use cases at pace.
The Bank s data architecture supports more than 2,000 active analytical and decisioning use cases, processing high volumes
of data on a daily basis. This environment is underpinned by strong data governance, quality controls, and a unified customer
master, enabling improved data consistency, deeper cross-business insights, and enhanced regulatory readiness. These
foundations position the Bank to respond effectively to evolving data privacy and compliance requirements, including the
Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), while continuing to support innovation.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
During fiscal 2026, BIU focused on scaling analytics into repeatable, enterprise-level value. Decision optimisation capabilities
were expanded across pricing, credit, collections, and marketing, enabling data-driven trade-offs under real-world
constraints. Enhancements in ML engineering reduced model development and deployment timelines, accelerating value
realisation. In parallel, targeted generative AI initiatives progressed to automate knowledge-intensive workflows, improve
employee productivity, and enhance customer and frontline experiences - establishing a strong platform for sustained,
data-enabled growth.
Information Technology and Cyber security
The Information Technology (IT) department s vision is to power the Bank with an always on, secure, and AI-focused
technology foundation that transforms strategy into outcomes at scale. The plan is to deliver this by reimagining customer
and employee journeys, improving operational efficiency straight through the agentic automation, and strengthening
digital and data capabilities including AI-assisted analytics, consent native data and master data management. The Bank will
continue to reinforce trust through higher standards of security and reliability-anchored in core modernization, zero trust
posture and real-time observability-while driving cost efficiency and improved returns through digital infrastructure and
cloud/automation efficiency.
The Bank continues to strengthen its AI journey in alignment with the GPS strategy (Growth, Profitability, Sustainability),
advancing digital transformation and innovation under a robust governance framework to ensure scalable, secure, and
customer centric outcomes. AI capabilities are being enhanced across customer servicing and technology delivery through
AI enabled service bots, integrated voice streaming, and strengthened compliance controls. In parallel, software delivery
efficiency is being improved through AI assisted development, enabling faster release cycles, higher code throughput, earlier
risk detection, and automated remediation. Governance is being further reinforced through AI based control checks and
stringent policies that promote responsible, compliant, and well managed use of models across the enterprise.
The Mobile banking platform has been rated 4.8 each on the iOS App Store and Google Play Store from ~0.36 million and
~3.4 million reviews respectively. The Mobile Banking application now has 31 million registered users as of March 2026 and
enhanced its channel capabilities by increasing the volume of service requests, with a rise in monthly active users to over
~16 million. The WhatsApp banking platform now serves more than 40 million customers over 50 million communications
with new features including corporate account services and comprehensive statement journeys.
The Bank continued to demonstrate strong performance in the UPI ecosystem (as of March 2026), with a VPA base of 2,610
million and supporting ~14.3 million merchant transactions per day on the UPI platform. The Bank has secured the leading
position in the UPI Payer PSP segment with an estimated market share by volume improving from 30% in February 2025 to
~36% in March 2026. In addition, the Bank has introduced a robust UPI stack, enabling customized offerings across Software
Development Kit, Intent, Collect, and Pay solutions, along with new functionalities such as UPI AutoPay. The Bank also
maintains one of the lowest UPI technical decline rates among peer banks, reflecting strong platform stability and reliability.
The Bank has emerged as a leader in Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) innovation, with 1 million+ registered customers
and 10 million+ transactions, CBDC adoption has grown by nearly 50% from October 2025 to March 2026. As the preferred
RBI partner for the Government led Programmable CBDC initiative, the Bank is actively collaborating with multiple ministries
and government bodies to drive focused use cases. In the wholesale CBDC space, the Bank has also taken the lead, becoming
the first institution to go live with CD tokenization initiatives. Going forward, the Bank aims to strengthen government
partnerships, broaden CBDC ecosystem integrations, and connect with Third-Party Application Providers to accelerate
mainstream adoption and ecosystem growth.
The Bank has strengthened API security through Aadhaar seeding controls, Enterprise Service Bus level encryption, and
Aadhaar Enabled Payment System (AePS) compliance, alongside enhanced monitoring and integration of the API inventory into
change management processes. A centralized control layer now governs all API gateways, ensuring uniform authentication
and consistent policy enforcement. As of March 2026, API usage has continued to annually grow at ~17% in monthly request
volumes, supported by over 1,012 partner APIs, over 1,076 partner onboardings, and more than 3,160 internal APIs. The
developer portal has also expanded, offering 669+ APIs to over 6,884 developers.
The Bank has strengthened infrastructure resiliency through cluster-based disaster recovery (DR) drills and the adoption of
Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) practices to enable secure and timely recovery during disruptions. IT operates a centralized

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
IT setup across two primary data centres in Mumbai and Bengaluru (in different seismic zones), supported by a near DR
facility in Bengaluru; this modernised architecture is designed for scale with modular expansion and added capacity, and
is interconnected via Wide Area Network (WAN) and Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) for application delivery across
domestic and international branches. The Bank is also improving deployment consistency and reducing configuration risk
through automated testing and Infrastructure as Code, while reinforcing data protection with encrypted, access controlled
failover, Digital Personal Data Protection (DPDP) aligned handling, and continuous threat monitoring.
The Bank has established an enterprise wide cyber security program to address the security of information assets and data.
The program is governed through an Information Security and Cyber security Policy and associated Standards aligned with
recognised industry frameworks and applicable regulatory requirements. The cybersecurity framework is aligned to the
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and ISO 27001 standards and is implemented across the functional
domains of Govern, Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond and Recover.
The Bank maintains conformance with recognised international standards, including ISO 27001:2022 (Information Security
Management System), ISO 27017:2015 (Information Security Controls for Cloud Services), ISO 27034:2021 (Application
Security - Letter of Recognition), and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) version 4.0.1. The Bank
is also certified under ISO 27018 for the protection of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in cloud environments. During
the period Fiscal 2026, the Bank achieved certification under ISO/IEC 42001:2023 for Artificial Intelligence Management
Systems, establishing a formal governance framework for the use of Artificial Intelligence within the organisation. These
certifications demonstrate defined security and governance controls across IT infrastructure, applications, cloud deployments,
and AI enabled systems.
The Bank operates a 24x7 Security Operations Centre (SOC) supported by cybersecurity monitoring, detection, and incident
response processes. Continuous monitoring is carried out across the Bank s digital channels, including monitoring of the dark
web and deep web for indicators of potential data exposure and cyber threats. The Bank s external cyber risk posture is
assessed using independent rating mechanisms, with a BitSight score of 810 out of 900 reported during the period.
The Bank s external cyber risk posture is assessed using independent third party security rating mechanisms. During the
reporting period, the Bank recorded a BitSight security rating of 810 out of 900. BitSight ratings are based on continuous
external observations of an organisation s publicly visible security indicators across defined risk domains, including
vulnerabilities, network security, data breach indicators, and security hygiene factors.
To safeguard its information assets against unauthorized access, data loss, cyber attacks and other threats, the Bank has
deployed a wide range of preventive, detective and response controls, including:

Network micro segmentation to minimize the cyberattack surface.

A robust Enterprise Security Governance Framework ensuring oversight, compliance and monitoring.

Advanced endpoint security and Data Leakage Prevention (DLP) measures.

Email security controls to protect against phishing and targeted attacks.

Continuous security monitoring and threat intelligence for proactive detection and mitigation.

Enhanced monitoring for remote users to detect unauthorized access and data exfiltration.

Strong access controls, including federated identity and network access management.

A 24x7 SOC collaborating with regulatory bodies to strengthen cyber defence.

Secure by design principles, such as DevSecOps and ISO-aligned security testing practices, are implemented.

ZeroTrust-based secure remote access to support workforce flexibility and sustainability.

On-premise infrastructure security tools enabling patch management and file integrity monitoring.

Comprehensive network security controls including Web Application Firewalls (WAF) and DDoS protection.

Cloud security measures, including encryption and compliance controls supporting the Bank s cloud first strategy.

Rigorous security and compliance assessment of SaaS and PaaS service providers.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
The Bank has established a comprehensive Information & Cybersecurity resilient framework. Strategic oversight is provided
by the Board, the Risk Management Committee and the Information Technology & Digital Strategy Committee. At the
executive level, the Information System Security Committee oversees cybersecurity initiatives to ensure that controls
remain commensurate with the risks and threats applicable to the Bank and its information assets.
Awards and Recognition
During Fiscal 2026, the Bank s Information Security function received industry recognition for excellence in cyber defence
and governance, including awards at the IBA (Indian Bank s Association) CISO Summit & Citations 2025 for:

Cybersecurity Incident Response Maturity

Cybersecurity Compliance Champion

Cybersecurity Metrics & Reporting Excellence
These recognitions underscore the Bank s commitment to maintaining a secure, trusted, and compliant digital environment for
all stakeholders.
Risk
The risk management objective of the Bank is to ensure that the Bank operates in a risk - sensitive manner within the
parameters of the Board approved Risk Appetite Statement and the concerns of Risk Department, while balancing the
tradeoff between risk and return. In order to achieve this objective, the Bank has ensured at the outset the following enablers

Robust risk governance from the top

An independent risk management function

Board approved risk appetite

Focus on risk culture
Risk Governance
The Board is the apex Governance body on all matters of risk management. The Board of Directors exercises its oversight
over risk management both directly and through its Committees, namely the Risk Management Committee, the Audit
Committee of the Board, the Special Committee on Monitoring Bank Frauds and the IT & Digital Strategy Committee.
While the Board reviews risk management matters on a quarterly basis, including approval of risk policies, risk profile, stress
testing, risk policies, key & emerging risks etc., the Risk Management Committee oversees these matters in greater detail and
depth and approves the Risk Appetite Statement of the Bank.
Executive Risk committees are constituted to look at specific areas of risk and are mandated by the Risk Management Committee
of the Bank. Till fiscal year 2026 these were: Credit Risk Management Committee (CRMC), Asset Liability Management
Committee (ALCO), Operational Risk Management Committee (ORMC), Information Systems Security Committee (ISSC),
Central Outsourcing Committee (COC), BCP & Crisis Management Committee (BCPMC), Apex Committee, Subsidiary
Governance Committee (SGC) and Enterprise & Group Risk Management Committee (EGRMC). The Risk Management
Committee of the Bank exercises oversight on these committees through review of their minutes and a review of the risk profile
reviewed in these committees.
Independent risk management function
An independent risk management function offers assurance to the Board that risks are being taken and managed in line
with the overall risk appetite of the Bank and the risk management policies of the Bank approved by the Risk Management
Committee and the Board.
In order to ensure independence, the following enablers are in place:

Risk function is headed by a Chief Risk Officer who is appointed by the Board of Directors and reports to the Risk
Management Committee with additional reporting to the MD & CEO of the Bank.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The Chief Risk Officer does not have any business targets nor does this officer have any other role like operations,
technology etc.

The Chief Risk Officer has direct access to the Risk Management Committee of the Board and meets the committee one
on one on a quarterly basis without any other officers of the Bank being present.

The Risk function under the Chief Risk Officer is part of various decision-making bodies. For example, Risk function is
a permanent invitee to all credit sanctioning committees in the wholesale banking space. Risk function convenes and
conducts meetings of executive risk committees etc.

The Risk function is well staffed in terms of people and has independent access to data needed to support its working.
The Risk Department, while discharging its role, first lays down risk policies which are then approved by the Board of Directors,
and then monitors the risk profile of the Bank across various components of risk in line with these policies and also informs and
escalates matters of concern to the appropriate levels of management.
Risk Appetite
The overall risk appetite and philosophy of the Bank is approved by the Risk Management Committee of the Bank. The Risk
Appetite Statement and the framework thereof provides guidance to the management on the desired level of risk for various
types of risks in the long-term and helps steer critical portfolio decisions. The Risk Appetite is set at the Bank level and is
cascaded into the business units for driving decisions at an operational level. IT is monitored by the Risk Department which
reports on the adherence thereto to the senior management and also to the Risk Management Committee.
Risk Culture
A robust operational risk and compliance culture is the cornerstone for risk management in any institution. In the Bank,
Risk Department along with Compliance Department has put in place an action plan to strengthen the risk and compliance
culture. This includes various initiatives such as

Training and awareness programs

Strengthening staff accountability framework

Clarity on roles and responsibilities of the front line staff

Tone from the top through communication from the MD & CEO
Risk Architecture
The risk architecture is composed, for every type of risk, of elements of -

Governance with executive risk committee oversight

Risk policies to provide guidance

Tools for measuring risk level

Monitoring of risk profile

Reporting for actioning
A summary of these facets of the key risks is provided here:

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Risk Type
Definition
Approach to risk management
Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss
if a customer, borrower, issuer of
securities that the Bank holds, or any
other counterparty fails to meet its
contractual obligations. Credit risk
arises from all transactions that give
rise to actual, contingent, or potential
claims
against
any
counterparty,
customer, borrower or obligor.
The goal of credit risk management is to maintain asset quality and concentrations
at individual exposures as well as at the portfolio level. Internal rating forms
the core of the risk management process for wholesale lending businesses with
internal ratings determining the acceptability of risk, maximum exposure ceiling,
sanctioning authority, pricing decisions and review frequency. For the retail
portfolio including small businesses and small agriculture borrowers, the Bank
uses different product-specific scorecards. Credit models used for risk estimation
are assessed for their discriminatory power, calibration accuracy and stability,
independently by a validation team. Both credit and market risk expertise are
combined to manage risks arising out of traded credit products such as bonds and
market related off-balance sheet transactions.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of losses in
on and off-balance sheet positions
arising from the movements in market
price as well as the volatilities of
those changes, which may impact
the Bank s earnings and capital. The
risk may pertain to interest rate
related instruments (interest rate risk),
equities (equity price risk) and foreign
exchange rate risk (currency risk).
Market risk for the Bank emanates
from its trading and investment
activities, which are undertaken both
for the customers and on a proprietary
basis.
The Bank adopts a comprehensive approach to market risk management
for its banking book as well as its trading book for both its domestic and
overseas operations. The market risk management framework of the
Bank covers inputs regarding the extent of market risk exposures, the
performance of portfolios vis-à-vis the market risk limits and comparable
benchmarks which provide guidance to the business in optimizing the
risk-adjusted rate of return of the Bank s trading and investment portfolio.
Market risk management is guided by clearly laid down policies, guidelines,
processes and systems for the identification, measurement, monitoring and
reporting of exposures against various risk limits set in accordance with
the risk appetite of the Bank. Risk Department independently monitors the
Bank s investment and trading portfolio in terms of risk limits stipulated
in the Market Risk Management Policy and board approved Market Risk
Appetite and reports deviations, if any, to the appropriate authorities as
laid down in the policy and in the Risk Appetite Statement. The Bank utilizes
both statistical as well as non-statistical measures for the market risk management
of its trading and investment portfolios. The statistical measures include Value
at Risk (VaR), stress tests, back tests and scenario analysis while position limits,
marked-to-market (MTM), stop-loss limits, trigger limits, gaps and sensitivities
(duration, PVBP, option greeks) are used as non-statistical measures of market
risk management. The Bank follows a historical simulation approach to calculate
Value at Risk (VaR) with a 99% confidence level for a one-day holding period in a
time horizon of 250 days. VaR models for different portfolios are back tested on
an ongoing basis and the results are used to maintain and improve the efficacy of
the model. VaR measurements are supplemented with a series of stress tests and
sensitivity analyses as per a well laid out stress testing framework.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity is a bank s capacity to
fund increase in assets and meet
both
expected
unexpected
cash and collateral obligations at a
reasonable cost and without incurring
unacceptable losses. Liquidity risk is
the inability of a bank to meet such
obligations as they become due,
without adversely affecting the Bank s
financial condition.
The Asset Liability Management (ALM) Policy of the Bank stipulates a broad
framework for liquidity risk management to ensure that the Bank is in a position to
meet its liquidity obligations as well as to withstand a period of liquidity stress from
bank-level factors, market-wide factors or a combination of both. The ALM policy
captures the liquidity risk appetite of the Bank and related governance structures
as defined in the Risk Appetite Statement. The ALM policy is supplemented by
other liquidity policies relating to intraday liquidity, stress testing, contingency
funding plan and liquidity policies for each of the overseas branches. The liquidity
profile of the Bank is monitored for both domestic as well as overseas operations
on a static as well as on a dynamic basis by using the gap analysis technique
supplemented by monitoring of key liquidity ratios and conduct of liquidity
stress tests periodically. Periodical liquidity positions and liquidity stress results
are reviewed by the Bank s ALCO and the Risk Management Committee of the
Board. The Bank has integrated liquidity risk management guidelines issued by
RBI pursuant to the Basel III framework on liquidity standards in its asset liability
management framework. These include the intraday liquidity management and
the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). The Bank maintains LCR/NSFR in accordance
with the RBI guidelines and the defined risk appetite of the Bank.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Risk Type
Definition
Approach to risk management
Operational
risk
Operational risks may emanate from
inadequate and/or missing controls
in internal processes, people and
systems or from external events or a
combination of all the four.
Operational risk manifests in the form
of-

Core process risk

Change management risk

Outsourcing risk

Continuity risk

Information & cyber security risk
Core operational risk:
The Bank has in place an Operational Risk Management (ORM) Policy to manage
the operational risk in an effective, efficient and proactive manner. The policy aims
at assessing and measuring the magnitude of risks, monitoring and mitigating them
through a well-defined framework and governance structure. The Bank has set up a
comprehensive Operational Risk Measurement System for documenting, assessing,
and periodic monitoring of various risks and controls linked to various processes
across all business lines.
Change management risk:
All new products and processes, as well as changes in existing products and
processes are subjected to risk evaluation by the Operational Risk team. The overall
responsibility of new products is vested with the Risk Department through the
Bank s Product Management Committee and Change Management Committee.
Outsourcing risk
Outsourcing arrangements are examined and approved by the Bank s Outsourcing
Committee after due recommendations from the Operational Risk team.
Business continuity risk:
The Business Continuity Planning Management Committee (BCPMC) exercises
oversight on the implementation of the approved Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
framework which has been put in place to ensure continuity of service to its large
customer base. The effectiveness of the approved Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
framework is tested for all identified critical internal activities to ensure readiness
to meet various contingency scenarios. The learning from the BCP exercises are
used as inputs to further refine the framework. With effective Business Continuity
Plan in place, the Bank has effectively managed to run its operations by adapting
to various continuity/mitigation plans.
Information security risk:
The Bank pursues a holistic Information and cyber security program with a
comprehensive Information Security policy, Cyber Security policy and standards
based on industry best practices with compliance to regulatory guidelines. These
policies are aligned with the regulatory directives on Information and Cyber
security and with global best practices like NIST, ISO27001:2013, PCI DSS etc.
The governance framework is in place at executive level with Information System
Security Committee constituting key business functions meeting at least once in
a quarter to assess the threat landscape and validate the controls enforced in the
Bank commensurate with the cyber risks. The Bank has invested in strong technical
and administrative controls to proactively prevent, detect and contain and respond
any suspicious activity. The Bank is compliant to ISO27001 standard and PCI DSS
standard. The Bank conducts various assessments to identify and remediate risks
before any application and/or IT infrastructure component is deployed. These
assessments include Application security, vulnerability assessment, penetration
testing, security architecture review data security assessment etc. The Bank also
has adopted defense in depth methodology to protect its valuable assets from
intrusion by malicious actors. The Bank has 24 x 7 Security Operation Center
(SOC) to keep vigil on its digital assets and coordinates with RBI, Indian Computer
Emergency Response Team (CERT-IN), National Critical Information Infrastructure
Protection Centre (NCIIPC), National Payments Corporation Of India (NPCI) etc.
for implementation of their recommendation to strengthen its defense against
cyber-attacks. The Information System Security Committee of the Bank provides
directions for mitigating operational risk in the information systems. Over the year,
the Bank has focused on strengthening the operational and information security
risk frameworks by implementing several initiatives.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Subsidiary Governance
As a financial conglomerate, the Bank has established a robust framework and governance processes for oversight of its
subsidiaries, approved by the Board and the Risk Management Committee. The Subsidiary Governance Department (SGD)
plays a central role in implementing this framework and ensuring consistent governance across the Group.
SGD s responsibilities include:

Ensuring alignment of group-wide policies and best practices of the Bank with Subsidiary policies

Facilitating regular engagement with subsidiaries and relevant internal stakeholders, including group assurance functions
of the Bank for review of governance standards and compliance status of each of the subsidiaries

Providing periodic updates to executive committees and Board sub-committees on governance matters of group
entities of Bank:
Oversight and Governance Structure
Subsidiary governance is subject to oversight across executive and Board- sub committees as follows:
Executive committees

Subsidiary Governance Committee (SGC)

Enterprise Risk Management Committee (EGRMC)
Board and its Sub-committees:

Board of Directors

Audit Committee of the Board (ACB)

Risk Management Committee (RMC)

Customer Service Committee of the Board (CSCB)
These forums review governance matters on a regular basis and receive updates from group assurance functions and SGD, on
a periodic basis, ensuring continuous oversight and guidance where required.
Compliance
The Bank maintains a strong and independent Compliance Function, which plays a critical role in safeguarding its integrity
and reputation by ensuring adherence to applicable laws, regulatory requirements, and internal policies. The Bank has
established a comprehensive compliance framework designed to promote a culture of ethical conduct, transparency, and
accountability across all business and operational units.
Compliance Framework and Independence
The Compliance Department operates independently and is responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring, and mitigating
compliance risks across the organisation. IT works closely with business units to provide guidance on regulatory requirements
and to ensure that products, processes, and services remain aligned with applicable regulatory frameworks.
The Bank follows a three lines-of-defence model, comprising:

First line: Business units responsible for managing risks within their operations

Second line: Risk and Compliance functions providing oversight and guidance

Third line: Internal Audit providing independent assurance
This structure ensures integrated assurance and robust governance over compliance risks.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Strengthening Compliance Capabilities
During fiscal 2026, the Bank continued to enhance its compliance framework through:

Strengthening regulatory monitoring mechanisms

Enhancing policy governance and review processes

Reinforcing compliance culture through leadership communication ( tone from the top )

Conducting targeted training and awareness programs
The Compliance Function also ensured prompt and transparent communication with regulators, actively monitored regulatory
developments, and implemented guidelines in a timely and comprehensive manner. Periodic compliance risk assessments were
undertaken, with appropriate mitigation actions implemented.
Technology and Process Enhancements
The Bank undertook several initiatives to strengthen compliance monitoring and execution, including:

Enhancing AML transaction monitoring and Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) processes through analytics, automation, and
AI-enabled workflows

Strengthening compliance testing frameworks and expanding automation across processes

Deploying workflow-based tracking mechanisms for improved monitoring and accountability

Strengthening resource deployment through dedicated compliance officers for every business in the Bank
Additional frameworks implemented include:

Compliance Risk Assessment (CRA) framework

Remedial Action Framework for establishing staff accountability for regulatory violations, if any

CARO (Compliance and Risk Officers) model to enable self-identification and remediation by the first line of defence
These initiatives have enhanced control effectiveness, reduced operational errors, and strengthened accountability across
Group-wide Compliance and Customer Protection
As part of enhanced group oversight, the Bank has established a robust Group Compliance structure to ensure consistent
compliance standards across subsidiaries and business units.
The Bank remains committed to enterprise-wide compliance and risk management, with a continued focus on:

Customer protection and fair practices

Strengthening grievance redressal mechanisms

Enhancing transparency and disclosures

Responsible lending practices

Strengthening digital payment security controls and data protection, including alignment with evolving data
privacy regulations.
Internal Audit
The Internal Audit function of the Bank operates independently under the supervision of the Audit Committee of the Board,
which reviews & evaluates the efficacy and performance of the internal audit function. The audit policy, strategy and plan
for carrying out audits across functions of the Bank and the Axis Group are approved by the Audit Committee of the Board.
Further, audit policy, strategy and plan are reviewed regularly to factor in inputs received from regulatory guidance, changes

Management s Discussion and Analysis
in regulations, business landscape & emerging areas of business and risks, learnings from various operational failures, risk
incidents, frauds, etc., in a dynamic manner.
The Internal Audit function provides an independent assurance to the Board of Directors and Senior Management on the
quality and efficacy of the internal controls, risk management systems, governance systems and processes in place on an
on-going basis. This is provided to primarily ensure that business and non-business functions are following both internal and
regulatory guidelines and processes.
In line with the RBI s guidelines on Risk Based Internal Audit (RBIA), the Bank has adopted a risk based internal audit policy. The
Risk Based Internal Audit policy has been designed factoring regulatory guidelines and international best practices. The policy
has a well-defined architecture for conducting Risk Based Internal Audit which articulates the audit strategy which focuses on
both existing as well as emerging business risks. Inputs such as organization structure, business expansion including opening of
new units, and new products and processes are key to identification of a comprehensive audit universe for the audit planning
exercise. The audit frequencies are in congruence with the overall risk profile of each unit which is audited. Further, concurrent
audits, off-site monitoring, sustenance audits and thematic & snap audits have been integrated into the internal audit process to
make the function more robust. The Audit function highlights risks and recommended improvements in operational processes,
design elements and policies.
Emerging technologies like artificial intelligence are deployed to harness enhanced efficiency and effectiveness in performance
of audits. Automated checks and tests have been developed across various audit functions including retail, wholesale, treasury
and operations. Automated checks also help augment testing as part of thematic audits, information security audit, revenue
audit and concurrent audit, offsite monitoring etc. to independently evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of internal
controls on an ongoing basis and to proactively recommend enhancements to the process owners. The Internal Audit function
has mix of resources with expertise in technology and functional skill for effectively conducting various types of audits. The
Internal Audit function continuously strives to enhance its effectiveness & efficiency through internal reviews and external
evaluations, and augmenting skill sets of the audit resources for making Internal Audit Function agile and responsive towards
the emerging and strategic risks.
Internal Audit framework for subsidiaries has been further strengthened under the Group governance framework with audit
policy, as applicable, and is supplemented by structured engagement, oversight on audit activities and monitoring of related KRIs.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) & Sustainability
CSR
The Bank s CSR agenda is rooted in a simple promise: when communities thrive, progress becomes lasting. In Fiscal 2026,
the Bank stayed focused on those who need support the most-women, children, small farmers, youth, and vulnerable
households-especially across Aspirational Districts, remote geographies, and the North-East. Oversight from the CSR
Committee of the Board continued to guide our priorities and ensure full compliance with Section 135 of the Companies
Act, 2013. The Bank implemented projects directly, with trusted partners, and through Axis Bank Foundation (ABF), the
Bank s strategic CSR arm.
The Bank s OPEN philosophy continues to guide how we think, act, and serve - helping us build meaningful, long-term impact
in the communities we work with
Sustainable Livelihoods - Building Resilience, One Household at a Time
Axis Bank Foundation advanced its longstanding livelihoods mission, partnering with grassroots organisations to strengthen
incomes for rural households. The Bank worked alongside small and marginal farmers, women s self-help groups, landless
workers, and young people stepping into first-generation enterprises. The focus was practical: better production practices,
diversified income streams, stronger collective action, and market access that is fair and predictable.
As of 31 March 2026, ABF s sustainable livelihoods program had supported 2.76 million households across 32 states/UTs,
including 7 lakh+ households reached this year. Behind each number is a steady journey-from basic training to confident
entrepreneurship; from subsistence to surplus; from uncertainty to plans for the future.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Education - Opening Doors to Hope and Possibility
In Fiscal 2026, our education initiatives reached ~13.7 lakh students, ~2.3 lakh teachers and numerous school support
systems across some of India s most underserved and remote geographies. Through classroom level support, teacher capacity
building, leadership development, residential coaching, and higher education scholarships, we worked to strengthen learning
environments end to end - ensuring that children not only stay in school, but learn confidently, progress meaningfully, and
unlock opportunities that shape brighter futures.
Axis DilSe : Reaching the Last Mile
Axis DilSe continued to bring the promise of quality learning to ~92,000 students in some of India s most remote and
challenging locations. The Bank strengthened learning environments with age-appropriate materials, libraries, digital
access, and mentoring support for teachers - so that children not only return to school, but also stay, learn, and aspire. The
program remained deeply engaged across parts of the NorthEast and eastern India, with a special focus on schools that have
historically lacked resources.
Education Ecosystem Strengthening
Through collaborations with experienced education partners and government institutions, the Bank supported teacher
capacity-building, remedial learning, competency-based instruction, and school leadership. In Fiscal 2026, 10,000+
government schools were supported and children benefited from structured interventions that improve foundational
learning and grade level competencies.
The Bank supported the holistic development of ~250 children and young adults with disabilities and from marginalised
backgrounds by strengthening personal and social capabilities through drama and creative arts in partnership with
Create Foundation.
Centres of Excellence for Youth
In partnership with the Indian Army and NIEDO, fully residential Centres of Excellence continued to mentor talented
youth from vulnerable backgrounds-especially across the NorthEast - towards national competitive examinations. During
fiscal 2026, the Bank renewed support for existing centres and operationalized a new Centre of Excellence in Nagaland,
enabling ~600 students to receive rigorous academic coaching, lifeskills training, and career guidance - turning potential into
real opportunity.
Scholarships for Higher Education
The Bank continued its focus on access and equity through scholarships at leading universities, with a special emphasis
on women in STEM and students from low-income families. In Fiscal 2026, ~3,500 scholars were supported - each a first-
generation story of determination, talent, and a brighter horizon.
In parallel, the Bank strengthened the social development ecosystem by supporting higher education in developmental
management. By enabling professionals and practitioners to build advanced capabilities in areas such as public systems, social
sector leadership, and evidence based program management, this intervention contributes to stronger institutions, more
effective service delivery, and longterm sectoral impact beyond individual programs.
Environment - Restoring Natural Systems, Strengthening Community Wellbeing
Tree Plantation & Urban Green Patches
The Bank continued its multi-year commitment to expand green cover by planting ~15 lakh saplings and restoring ~3000
hectares of land. Urban pockets received dense, community-managed green patches, while rural sites focused on species
that aid soil health, water retention, and long-term survivability.
Habitat & Agroforestry Restoration
The interventions supported agroforestry, soil and water conservation, and biodiversity restoration-particularly in buffer
zones of national parks and wildlife sanctuaries. The aim was twofold: healthier ecosystems and safer livelihoods for families
living near forests, including efforts to reduce human-wildlife conflict.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Climate Resilience & Rural Infrastructure
The Bank continued collaborative work that strengthens local resilience in climate-vulnerable regions-such as solar - powered
cold-chain units that reduce postharvest losses, and flood-resilience measures in riverine islands - so that communities can
withstand climate shocks with dignity.
Humanitarian Response - Showing Up When IT Matters Most
When disasters strike, the first needs are urgent: safety, food, water, and medical access. During fiscal 2026, the Bank
supported relief operations across 3 states, working with on-ground partners to provide essential supplies, temporary shelter,
and early rehabilitation. In total, ~6,000 individuals received timely support that bridged the gap between crisis and recovery.
The Bank supported the strengthening of childcare and protection systems by building institutional capacities and
improving outcomes for ~500 children in institutional care in partnership with Catalysts for Social Action in Chhattisgarh.
The initiative focuses on system level reforms, enabling safer transitions, long-term wellbeing, and sustainable impact for
vulnerable children.
Financial Literacy & Inclusion: Powering Households to Participate, Plan, and Prosper
Axis Bank advanced financial inclusion and financial literacy through pan India interventions spanning multiple states,
directly reaching ~2.6 lakh individuals in fiscal 2026. The initiatives covered ~1.60 lakh women, and were delivered through
~2,200 structured financial literacy and awareness sessions, FI camps, and hands on digital training for SHGs. Together
with facilitation of banking, insurance, and pension services, these efforts strengthened last mile access, promoted cashless
adoption, and built sustained confidence in formal financial systems among underserved communities.
Sports - Turning Potential into Performance
Continuing its support to sports as a key thematic focus area, the Bank s partnership with the Foundation for Promotion
of Sports and Games (FPSG) towards the Olympic Gold Quest (OGQ) program supported ~500 athletes and para-athletes
across 10 Olympic and 8 Paralympic disciplines.
The Axis Bank Judo Development Program, implemented in partnership with the Inspire Institute of Sport (IIS), continued to
provide foundational judo training to 560 young judokas in Manipur, with a focus on nurturing grassroots talent in the discipline.
In addition, the program supported 47 female judokas with world-class training at the world -class IIS campus in Vijayanagar,
Karnataka, with a targeted objective of achieving podium finishes at the LA 2028 Olympic Games. These judokas were awarded
full scholarships to study and train at the IIS campus.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank also partnered with the Lakshya Shooting Club (LSC) to establish the state-of-the-art Axis Bank-
Lakshya Shooting Club High Performance Centre (HPC) in Navi Mumbai. The Centre, dedicated exclusively to the shooting
discipline, is designed to provide world-class infrastructure, comprehensive athlete development programs, and community
engagement initiatives. IT aims to nurture emerging shooters, groom Olympic-level elite athletes, and create an open and
inclusive platform for scouting and developing future talent in the discipline.
Governance, Assurance & Learning
Strong governance remained the backbone of the Bank s CSR. The CSR Committee set direction, while rigorous due
diligence, monitoring, and outcome tracking ensured that each rupee served a clear purpose and every partnership stood
up to scrutiny. The Bank continued to disclose details as per statutory requirements and to incorporate field learnings into
program design - so the work remains relevant, transparent, and accountable.
The Road Ahead
The Bank s CSR agenda in Fiscal 2026 continued to reflect a simple but powerful belief - that meaningful change occurs
when we walk alongside communities and commit for the long term.
As we move forward, the Bank remains guided by purpose, empathy, and the conviction that every child, household, and
community deserve the opportunity to thrive.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
ESG
Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) considerations form an integral part of the Bank s long-term strategy and
operational approach. The Bank continues to ensure that its strategic decision making and operational actions remain firmly
aligned with its Purpose Statement - Banking that leads to a more inclusive and equitable economy, thriving community and
a healthier planet .
The Bank had become the first Indian bank in fiscal 2022 to establish a standalone Board level ESG Committee, enabling the
Bank to align its diverse priorities and activities under a unified and cohesive ESG agenda. Under the Committee s guidance, the
Bank took a series of ESG aligned commitments with implementation driven by the relevant verticals across the organization.
These commitments are aligned with key United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and support India s climate
objectives under the Paris Agreement. Performance against these commitments is reviewed quarterly by the ESG Committee
of the Board, and the targets are revised based on the progress achieved. During fiscal 2026, the ESG Committee of the Board
met four times to review progress against these commitments, oversee related initiatives, and provide strategic direction on
emerging ESG priorities. The Bank s ESG aligned actions, performance highlights, and progress on commitments during fiscal
2026 are detailed in the Integrated Annual Report, which is prepared in accordance with the Integrated Reporting Council
(IIRC) and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI )reporting frameworks.
Towards its commitment of achieving incremental wholesale lending of INR 60,000 crores in sectors with positive Environment
and Social impact by 2030, as included in the Bank s Sustainable Financing Framework, the Bank has achieved INR 61,348
crores of incremental lending as of 31 March 2026 thereby achieving its target. As against an internal commitment taken
by the Bank to scale down its exposure to coal mining and trading, and thermal power sectors, the Bank s exposure is well
within the targeted cap as part of the glide path. The Bank s total Wholesale lending portfolio in the green sectors stood at
INR 45,511 crores as of 31 March 2026.
The Bank has formed strategic partnerships with OEMs to support steady growth in EV penetration in line with its ESG goals.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank has revised its EV lending targets - increasing the EV share in the two-wheeler loan portfolio from
6% to 8%, and in the four-wheeler passenger loan portfolio from 4% to 7% (Percentage EV share in rupee terms) by 2027. As
of 31 March 2026, the Bank has achieved an incremental lending of 9.01% in Two-Wheeler electric vehicle and 7.2% in Four-
Wheeler passenger segment electric vehicle. The Bank is also actively scaling its ESG aligned retail products including solar
rooftop loans for SMEs and green home loans.
Under the ESG Committee s oversight, the Bank has been actively working towards strengthening its climate risk management
capabilities at the enterprise level. The Bank continues to embed ESG- and climate-related risks and opportunities into its
annual Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP). The Bank has also significantly strengthened its ESG Policy for
Lending that integrates environmental and social risk assessment into its credit appraisal for Wholesale Banking. The updated
Policy now mandatorily requires scrutiny of proposals in sectors identified as hazardous, such as coal mining, thermal power
and hazardous chemicals. Notably, key proposals discussed at the Board s Committee of Directors now include an assessment
under the ESG Policy for Lending.
The Bank continues to implement an ESG Rating Model for select clients in the Wholesale Banking business vertical. The
Model, developed in-house, includes more than 80 parameters across the three pillars of E, S and G and went live in March
2024 for select sectors. Notably, the Bank has also published its first ESG Risk dashboard, that has also been presented to
the Board s Risk Management Committee. As part of the said dashboard, the Bank has also developed a hazard heat map for
identified sectors, including its Retail Mortgages, Rural, and MSME lending verticals. Additionally, the dashboard also includes
an assessment of the transition risk in sectors identified as having high transition risk, including iron and steel, cement, and
fertilizers and agrochemicals. During fiscal 2026, the Bank s Risk and Wholesale Underwriting verticals participated in a two-
day Climate Risk training by Indian and international experts as part of a UK Government program.
The Bank continues its focus on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I). Towards its commitment to achieve 30% representation
of women in its workforce by fiscal 2027, the Bank recorded a steady and intentional increase in hiring diversity during fiscal
2026, resulting in overall workforce diversity reaching 30.1%, with 37% of new hires being women. This disciplined and
deliberate approach enabled the Bank to achieve the milestone a full year ahead of its stated, reflecting strong leadership
ownership across business and support verticals.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Alongside hiring outcomes, the Bank continued to strengthen representation within teams. The focus on Women in Every
Team translated into a steady improvement, with over 67% of teams now having women representation, reinforcing the
belief that participation at the team level strengthens conversations, broadens perspectives, and improves everyday
decision-making.
To support this shift, the Bank strengthened its inclusion architecture through Gateway to Inclusion, anchored in a renewed
focus on a common language for DE&I. The updated framework emphasizes Everyday Inclusion - embedding inclusive
behaviours into routine leadership interactions, team dynamics, and people processes, rather than positioning inclusion as a
standalone initiative.
The Bank continued to strengthen women s participation in frontline and revenue generating roles through the Women in Sales
employee resource group. This platform focuses on capability building, mentoring, and peer learning, enabling continuity and
confidence across critical sales roles. Complementing this, the Bank adopted a skills first lens as a core organising principle;
treating capability as the foundation for opportunity. This approach shaped efforts ranging from the creation of skill factories
aligned to emerging roles, to enabling internal role movements and career transitions through platforms such as Thrive,
supporting progression across functions and career stages within Axis.
The year was particularly significant for research and thought leadership, reinforcing the Bank s role in shaping evidence
based conversations on participation. The release of Pink Capital: The Spectrum of Queer Money marked an industry first; a
qualitative study that examines how the queer community earns, spends and saves money. By positioning LGBTQIA+ individuals
as active economic participants; workers, savers, entrepreneurs, investors, and borrowers; the report reframes inclusion as an
issue of financial participation and system design. This was complemented by The Missing Half: Women and India s Growth
Challenge, which examines women s workforce participation as a structural and economic imperative, highlighting how job
design, continuity, mobility, and progression influence outcomes. Together, these bodies of work reflect the Bank s belief that
participation improves when institutions design deliberately for IT.
The Bank also continued to strengthen inclusion for employees and customers from the LGBTQIA+ community through the
ComeAsYouAre Charter, which institutionalises progressive policies spanning inclusive benefits, equitable leave frameworks,
and systems that respect self-affirmed gender identity. Pride365 continued to evolve as a platform for community building,
allyship, and advocacy across diverse identities within the queer spectrum.
Recognising that inclusion is closely linked to wellbeing, the Bank strengthened its focus on mental wellness through peer
led and accessible support mechanisms. Initiatives such as Wellness Sherpas, trained to act as emotional first aid providers,
alongside regular monthly mental wellness discussions, helped reinforce psychological safety and wellbeing as foundational
enablers of an inclusive workplace.
Beyond internal efforts, the Bank furthered its ecosystem impact. Axis Women in Motion continued its grassroots engagement
across towns, hinterlands, and talukas, encouraging women to participate as independent economic entities. With a strong
focus on the student ecosystem, the Axis DE&I Curriculum on Building and Leading Inclusive Organisations was delivered
across 18 academic institutes during fiscal 2026. In total, 54 DE&I curriculum sessions have been delivered till date, equipping
students with the perspectives required to shape inclusive workplaces early in their careers.
This fiscal year, Axis ViBE (Varsity of Inclusive Business Enterprises) continued to champion robust DE&I practices across the
broader corporate ecosystem. Through Axis ViBE, the Bank engaged 157 corporates, fostering shared learning and reinforcing
inclusion as a business imperative across organisations.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank significantly scaled up its participation in and contribution to thought leadership and advocacy
around the topics of ESG, climate change, financial inclusion, diversity, and sustainable finance, among others. The Bank s
senior leaders are members of key committees on these topics at Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FICCI), Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Indian Banks Association (IBA), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), among
others, as well as at the market regulators including SEBI.
The Bank continues to deliver steady performance at key ESG assessment and recognition platforms. The Bank was on the
FTSE4Good Index for the ninth consecutive year in 2025. The Bank maintains improved its MSCI ESG rating from A to AA and
is scored C in the CDP. The Bank has improved its S&P Global ESG score to 60 and has an improved ESG Risk Rating of 18.4 as

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
of last full update - March 2026 by Sustainalytics. The Bank is among Top 10 constituents of S&P BSE CARBONEX Index, MSCI
India ESG Leaders Index and the Nifty100 ESG Sector Leaders Index.
Human Resources
At Axis Bank, human capital is a core enabler of sustainable value creation, with our people bringing our purpose to life. The
Bank remains committed to fostering a safe, inclusive, and employee centric workplace that supports agility, career mobility,
continuous learning, and holistic wellbeing across a multigenerational workforce.
Strengthening Organizational Capability
The Bank has built a robust learning ecosystem that enables employees to continuously upskill, adapt to evolving roles, and
take ownership of their growth. In Fiscal 2026, the Bank delivered over 5 million learning hours to 100,000+ employees
through 11+ capability factories offering deep, role specific training across critical and emerging domains via structured
Beginner to Advanced pathways. The Bank further strengthened a pull based learning culture through initiatives such
as Learning On Your Own (LOYO) and the Build Your Own Career (BYOC) framework, while Learning of the Day (LOTD)
embedded bite sized, personalised learning directly into daily workflows-enabling consistent, habit based learning at scale.
The Bank s talent strategy prioritises building leadership from within by leveraging strong internal talent pools. In Fiscal 2026,
the Bank launched All Stars, an industry first talent identification program for frontline sales employees, selecting 500+ high
potential employees for intensive bootcamps to prepare them for larger roles and complex portfolios. The Bank also inducted
the third cohort of ASTROS, reinforcing our focus on leadership development across the Bank. Complementing this, our senior
leadership mentoring program saw active participation from 304 mentees and 73 mentors during fiscal 2026.
Embedding Values to Drive Organisational Excellence
At Axis Bank, our five core values - ownership, teamwork, transparency, ethics, and customer centricity, anchor our culture
and guide how the Bank serves customers and work as One Axis. These values underpin a high performance environment
where behaviours are demonstrated with consistency and intent. In Fiscal 2026, the Bank sharpened leadership ownership
of culture through the introduction of 54 Department led Culture Councils, supported by a strong network of over 2,600
Axis Value Realisers who champion our values across the organisation. Reflecting the strength and maturity of our people
practices, the Bank was certified as a Top Employer by the Top Employers Institute in Fiscal 2026 - the only Indian private
sector bank to receive this recognition.
Internal Talent - A Growth Engine
Our internal talent mobility program, thrive, continues to enable structured career growth by opening up meaningful
progression opportunities for employees. In Fiscal 2026, more than 7,300 employees progressed to new roles within Axis
Bank. Additionally, by linking internal movements to promotion pathways, the Bank accelerated career advancement,
enabling fast track promotions of up to one year ahead of standard tenure eligibility.
Expanding Campus Hiring & Early Career Programs
The Bank continues to invest in and scale its capabilities to meet its key skill and talent needs through structured campus
programs and partnerships to attract top talent. Our flagship campus hiring initiatives include AHEAD, which recruits from
Tier 1 B-schools like IIMs; Aspire, which targets talent from new IIMs and IITs; ABLe, which engages postgraduates from Tier
2 B-schools; The Bank leads, a specialized diversity hiring program for women leaders from premier institutes; ASA (Axis
Sales Academy), a hire-train-deploy model for freshers to get a headstart into banking sales; ARISE, an open program to hire
young talent from diverse disciplines, enhancing skills diversity and ABYB, a flagship program for training and on-boarding
young bankers. In Fiscal 2026, the Bank also launched Axis Moves, the largest corporate competition in the bank s history,
with over 21,000+ students participating from top MBA and engineering institutions in the country that drove a marked
increase in campus brand visibility and preference.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Rewarding Excellence, Driving Impact
Our meritocracy-driven culture was further strengthened in Fiscal 2026 through focus on quality of feedback at mid-year
and introduction of RetrACE - our employee grievance platform at the mid-year check-in as well.
Through our recognition programs, the Bank celebrated excellence across the Bank. Our flagship Champions Awards honoured
117 employees, while the quarterly Anchors initiative recognised everyday excellence among 3,183 employees. We also
marked longservice milestones for over 7,000 employees through the OGs program, including 105 employees completing 25,
30, and 35 years of service, and honoured 20 retirees through Retiring with Pride for their lasting contributions.
Championing a Diverse, Inclusive and Equitable Workplace
The Bank achieved its 30% women representation milestone by Fiscal 2026, a year ahead of plan. Its approach to people
practices extends beyond the organisation; shaping leadership capability, influencing participation, and informing decision-
making across institutions and society at large. This is supported by the publication of research grounded in both evidence
and lived experiences, including studies on women s workforce participation and on how LGBTQIA+ people earn, spend and
save, enabling more informed and durable outcomes.
Prioritising Employee Well being
At Axis Bank, caring for our people is a fundamental responsibility. The Bank continues to design a balanced, supportive, and
sustainable work environment, recognising that access to health and wellbeing is a critical enabler of long-term performance.
During fiscal 2026, The Bank strengthened its employee wellbeing framework through a combination of preventive healthcare,
enhanced medical coverage, and everyday wellness initiatives ranging from ergonomics and physical movement to nutrition
- integrating wellbeing seamlessly into the flow of work. Further, our mental wellness framework provided accessible,
confidential, and inclusive support through professional counselling over 2,500 hours, diverse therapeutic approaches, and
shared learning initiatives. Support was extended beyond employees to families, while peer-led interventions such as the
Wellness Sherpa program strengthened everyday emotional support. Together, these efforts reinforced a holistic approach
to wellbeing, recognising its critical role in employee resilience, engagement, and sustained performance.
Embracing the Future of Work
Through GIGA, the Bank is redefining workforce flexibility, with more than 2,500 employees operating in remote roles. The
expanded GIGA Freelancer program engaged 70+ specialists for niche projects, achieving a balanced gender representation.
Our Hybrid Work Model is firmly embedded, with non-branch employees attending office twice weekly.
Conclusion
The Bank continues to build an inclusive, high-performance workplace that places people at the centre while strengthening
leadership depth and organisational capability. During fiscal 2026, the Bank advanced our people strategy by attracting
diverse talent, building future ready skills, and reinforcing values and ownership mantras, supported by technology enabled
listening, learning, and HR platforms that enhance employee experience. Together, these efforts underscore our belief that
sustainable performance is driven by empowered people and a strong culture of accountability. Looking ahead, the Bank
remains focused on nurturing a resilient, purpose driven workforce that enables ethical banking, creates shared value, and
supports the Bank s continued transformation.
Subsidiary Performance
The Bank s subsidiaries are integral to the One Axis strategy and play a pivotal role in advancing the Bank s objectives
across the three strategic vectors of Growth, Profitability and Sustainability. Over a relatively short period, the Bank has built
a comprehensive subsidiaries platform spanning a wide range of financial services, with several entities having established
leadership positions in their respective segments. Axis Capital continues to maintain its leadership position in the ECM
segment. Axis Mutual Fund maintained its position as the AMC amongst the Top 10 players and is now the eighth largest
player with ~4.4% share in the industry AUM, Axis Finance has grown its AUM at a 35% CAGR in last 5 years while delivering
healthy returns.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Bank continues to focus on further scaling up the subsidiaries so that they attain meaningful size and market share in their
respective businesses. During fiscal 2026, the Bank s subsidiaries delivered strong performance with reported total income of
`9,606 crores and earnings of `2,051 crores up 16% Y-o-Y.
Axis Capital, the Bank s full service investment banking and institutional equities franchise, is a leader in the equity and
equity linked transactions over the past decade. The firm delivered another strong year, recording the highest number of
transactions with 61 deals executed across Equity Capital Markets (ECM) and Advisory (non ECM) businesses. This included
44. ECM transactions (IPOs, QIPs, InvITs, REITs, OFS and Rights Issues) and 17 Advisory transactions (M&A, Private Equity
and Pre IPO). Axis Capital s earnings increased by 61% and contributed 13% to the total earnings of the subsidiaries.
Axis Asset Management Limited
Axis AMC, that had ~13.9 million client folios as at end of 31 March, 2026 and contributed 29% to the total earnings of the
subsidiaries. The Company manages 89 mutual fund schemes with a closing AUM of `321,335 crores as compared to closing
AUM of `305,717 crores as on March 31, 2025 and was ranked 8th amongst the mutual fund Industry in India. The AUM
under Axis pension fund management stood at `16,118 crores as on 31 March, 2026.
The retail brokerage firm reported 11% growth in cumulative client base to 7.09 million. Axis Securities earnings de-grew
13% as compared to previous period, and contributed 18% to total subsidiaries earnings. The subsidiary achieved a trading
volume of `24,909,624 crores thereby registering a growth of 21% in fiscal 2026.
Axis Finance Limited, the Bank s NBFC has been diversifying its loan book mix and has made significant investments to grow
its Retail and MSME team with the objective of becoming an enterprise focused lending company. During fiscal 2026, Axis
Finance introduced two new businesses, Disha Home Loans and the MSME Retail Banking Group, as part of its strategy
to further diversify the portfolio. Within the very first year of launch, Disha Home Loans crossed a loan book milestone of
`1,000 crore, underscoring the franchise s strong execution capabilities. Axis Finance s earnings increased by 19% Y-o-Y and
contributed 39% to total subsidiaries earnings. Axis Finance remains well capitalized with Capital Adequacy Ratio of 19.65%.
Its asset quality metrics remain stable with net NPA at 0.36% as of 31 March 2026.
Freecharge Payments Technologies Private Limited
Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (FCPTL) continues to strengthen its position as a trusted digital payments
partner by delivering secure, scalable, and future-ready Payment infrastructure across UPI, cards, net banking, and BBPS.
Serving banks, NBFCs, enterprises, government entities, and digital businesses, the platform emphasizes high standards of
security, compliance (including PCI-DSS and ISO), and reliability.
A key milestone during fiscal 2026 was the successful demerger effective 1 January 2026, resulting in two focused entities:
FCPTL, dedicated to payment solutions, and Freecharge Business & Technology Services Ltd. (FBTSL), operating as a Business
Correspondent and technology services provider to Axis Bank. This restructuring enhances regulatory alignment with the
Payment Aggregator framework, and enables sharper operational focus for Freecharge businesses.
During fiscal 2026, Freecharge introduced several product and technology enhancements, including a next-generation
enterprise merchant app, expanded settlement options, and strengthened fraud prevention through its in-house TRIMS
platform. Freecharge continued investments in platform scalability, performance, and UPI innovations such as success rate
optimization and CBDC acceptance, supported strong business momentum and improved merchant experience. The overall
GMV rose to `42,828 crores, 20.8% Growth YoY and achieved a net revenue of ~`51.50 crores. Moving ahead, Freecharge
will focus on regulatory readiness, especially for the Payment Aggregator license, while expanding across key sectors
like BFSI, government, utilities, and digital commerce. The company also aims to enhance success rates, deepen risk and
reconciliation capabilities, and leverage next-generation technologies, including GenAI, to drive innovation across customer
support, product development, and merchant integrations.

Management s Discussion and Analysis
Freecharge Business & Technology Services Ltd.
Freecharge Business & Technology Services Ltd ( FreechargeBiz ) operates as a dual-engine platform, driving financial
inclusion and digital enablement across Bharat through its two core pillars - Business Correspondent ( BC ) activities and a
Technology Service Provider ( TSP ) for Axis Bank. Through its BC model, the business enables last-mile access to credit and
banking services for merchants and underserved segments, while its technology capabilities power scalable, efficient, and
compliant digital journeys for the Bank.
In Fiscal 2026, post demerger of BC and TSP activities from Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt. Ltd, FreechargeBiz now
operates with a sharper focus on Business Correspondent-led distribution for micro and small businesses and technology
services for the Axis Bank. This realignment has strengthened operational clarity, enhanced regulatory alignment, and enabled
more focused execution across both pillars.
Under its BC activities, FreechargeBiz has built a strong merchant-led distribution network across Tier 2, Tier 3, and rural
markets, expanding access to unsecured business loans, micro business loans, and MFI products tailored to underserved
customers and a robust consumer APP providing UPI solution to consumers
As a TSP, FreechargeBiz plays a critical role in enabling digital infrastructure for the Bank, supporting scalable lending and
servicing journeys. With AI-led interventions, modernised systems, and reduced backend dependencies, the platform has
driven faster processing cycles, improved operational efficiency, and strengthened compliance across workflows.
Performance during the year remained strong, with the business expanding to 220 branches in fiscal 2026 from 100 in
fiscal 2025, while disbursements exceeded `600 crores with a closing AUM of `610 crores. Customer satisfaction in assisted
channels remained above 90%, supported by AI-led service interventions, alongside significant improvements in turnaround
times and collection efficiency driven by technology and process enhancements.
A.TReDs Limited, the Bank s subsidiary that was set up in partnership with M-Junction, was one of the three entities initially
allowed by RBI to set up the Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS), an electronic platform for facilitating cash flows
for MSMEs. The Bank s digital invoice discounting platform Invoicemart has set a new benchmark by facilitating financing
of MSME invoices of more than `2,78,000 crores . IT currently has over 66,660 + participants on the platform and has
e-discounted more than 56 lakh invoices since start of its operation from July 2017.
SAFE HARBOR
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this Annual Report which contain words or phrases
such as will , aim , will likely result , would , believe , may , expect , will continue , anticipate , estimate , intend ,
plan , contemplate , seek to , future , objective , goal , strategy , philosophy , project , should , will pursue and
similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute forward-looking statements . These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to our ability
to successfully implement our strategy, future levels of non-performing loans, our growth and expansion, the adequacy of
our allowance for credit losses, our provisioning policies, technological changes, investment income, cash flow projections,
our exposure to market risks as well as other risks. Axis Bank Limited undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To
Independent Auditor s Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under SEBI
Listing Regulation
1.
We, M M NISSIM & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants, hereinafter referred to as Joint Statutory Auditors have been
requested by Axis Bank Limited (the Bank ), having its registered office at the Trishul , 3rd Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar
Temple, Law Garden, Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad 380 006 to issue a certificate on compliance with the conditions of
corporate governance, as required under Part E of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI Listing Regulations ).
2.
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Bank, for the year ended 31 March,
2026, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and Paras C, D and E of Schedule V
of the SEBI Listing Regulations as amended from time to time (the Corporate Governance Regulations ).
MANAGEMENT S RESPONSIBILITY
3.
The compliance of Corporate Governance Regulations is the responsibility of the Bank s Management, including
the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility includes the design,
implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure compliance with the Corporate
Governance Regulations.
AUDITORS RESPONSIBILITY
4.
Our examination is limited to examine the procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Bank for ensuring
compliance of the Corporate Governance Regulations. IT is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the Financial
Statements of the Bank.
5.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Corporate Governance Regulations, IT is our responsibility to provide a
reasonable assurance whether the Bank has complied with the Corporate Governance Regulations for the year ended
31 March, 2026.
6.
We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Bank in accordance with the
Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification
of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI ), in so far as
applicable for the purpose of this certificate.
7.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality
Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and
Related Services Engagements.
8.
For the purpose of this certificate, we have examined the books of accounts and other relevant records and documents
maintained by the Bank.
OPINION
9.
Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us
and the representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Bank has complied with the Corporate
Governance Regulations during the year ended 31 March, 2026.
10. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

Corporate Governance
RESTRICTIONS ON USE
The Certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Bank solely for the purpose to enable the Bank to
comply with the requirement of the Corporate Governance Regulations and IT should not be used by any other person
or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose
or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands may come without our prior consent in
writing. We have no responsibility to update this Certificate for any event or circumstances occurring after the date of
this Certificate.
For M M NISSIM & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
ICAI UDIN: 26044577KTNBZZ5637
Mumbai, 25 April, 2026
Certificate No.: MMN/C/2026-27/Apr/045

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Report on Corporate Governance
(Part of the Board s Report for the fiscal 2026)
Philosophy on Code of Governance

Axis Bank Limited (the Bank ) recognises its role as a responsible corporate citizen and endeavors to adopt and
maintain the highest standards of corporate governance.

The Bank s philosophy on corporate governance is to promote the culture of customer centricity, ownership, integrity,
sustainability, transparency and ethics, which enables the Bank to conduct itself in the right way while dealing with all
its stakeholders.

The Bank has a robust governance structure in place, led by an independent and diverse Board of Directors
(the Board ). The Board believes in prompt and clear communication to its stakeholders, which is reflected in the
internal functioning at the Bank.

The Bank believes in going beyond the law, to uphold the best-in-class corporate governance practices. In order to
protect the interest of all its stakeholders, the Bank has a strong compliance and risk management framework and IT
continuously reviews its practices and processes, considering the dynamic environment IT operates in.
Governance Structure of the Bank

The Directors on the Board are appointed by the members of the Bank. The Board oversees the standards of corporate
governance at the Bank. The Managing Director & CEO reports to the Board, and the Executive Directors report to
the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank, thereby establishing a multi-tiered governance structure enabling a strong
balance between strategic guidance, independent oversight, disciplined execution and operational accountability.

The Board has constituted various board level Committees for a more focused review of specific matters. The Bank has
also constituted various Executive Committees to, inter alia, deal with routine, operational and administrative matters,
as well as to review various matters prior to their submission to the Board / Committees.

Diagrammatic representation of the governance structure of the Bank:

Acquisitions, Divestments and Mergers
Committee
Senior
Management
Board
Committees
Executive
Committees
Audit Committee
Committee of Whole-Time Directors
Customer Service Committee
Board of
Directors
Nominee
Director
Independent
Directors
Managing
Director & CEO
Executive
Directors
IT and Digital Strategy Committee
Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee
Review Committee
Committee of Directors
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Risk Management Committee
Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring
and Follow-up of cases of Frauds

Corporate Governance
III. Board of Directors

Size and composition of the Board

The composition of the Board is governed by the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) and relevant
rules made thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI Listing Regulations ), the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the guidelines issued by
the Reserve Bank of India (the RBI ), as amended, from time to time and the Articles of Association of the Bank
(the extant laws ).

The Board has an optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors with Independent Directors
constituting more than one-half i.e., 61.54% of its total strength. As on 31 March, 2026, the Board had 13 Directors,
comprising of Managing Director & CEO, three Executive Directors, eight Independent Directors and one Nominee
Director of Life Insurance Corporation of India ( LIC ), promoter of the Bank. The Board is led by an Independent
Director and Part-time Chairman. The Board has three women Directors of whom two are Independent Directors.

None of the Directors are related to each other. All the Independent Directors of the Bank have confirmed that they
meet the criteria prescribed for independence under the provisions of Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b)
of the SEBI Listing Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, all the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified
under the said norms and are independent of the management.

8%
61%
Board Composi on
31%
Independent Director
Executive Director
Non-Executive Nominee Director
31%
54%
15%
Average Tenure
< 2 years
2-4 years
> 4 years
23%
77%
Board Gender Diversity
Male
Female

Board Effectiveness

The Bank lays emphasis on evaluating the role of the Board in the aspects relating to strategic planning, human
resource, audit, risk and compliance, governance, relationship with executive management, flow of information, board
functioning, induction and professional development, customer grievance and protection, and financial inclusion.

Databank of Independent Directors

All the Independent Directors of the Bank are in compliance with provisions of the Companies (Appointment and
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to enrolling their name in the online databank of Independent
Directors and qualifying the online proficiency self-assessment test for Independent Directors, as applicable.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Information about the Directors including age, tenure of appointment, details of directorship, number of
membership / chairpersonship in the Board are as follows:
Name, category, DIN and age
of the Director
Date of first
appointment
End date of current
term
Directorship in other listed
company(ies) and category
of directorship1
Number of directorship in
other unlisted companies
Number of
memberships
(including
chairpersonships) in
board committees3
Equity
shareholding
in the Bank
Indian public
companies
Other
companies2
1.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director
Part-time Chairman4
DIN: 09568559
Age: 67
30. May, 2023
29. May, 2027
Nil
1(0)
Nil
27. October, 2023
26. October, 2026
2.
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Age: 61
1. January, 2019
31. December, 2027
Axis Finance Limited9,
Non-Executive
Nil
Nil
Nil
3.
Girish Paranjpe
Independent Director
DIN: 02172725
Age: 68
2. November, 2018
1. November, 2026
Crisil Limited,
Mphasis Limited,
Axis Max Life Insurance
Nil
4(2)
Nil
4.
Meena Ganesh
Independent Director
DIN: 00528252
Age: 62
1. August, 2020
31. July, 2028
Pfizer Limited,
Pidilite Industries Limited,
Hitachi Energy India
Orkla India Limited,
Nil
6(2)
Nil
5.
G. Padmanabhan
Independent Director
DIN: 07130908
Age: 70
28. October, 2020
27. October, 2028
Haldyn Glass Limited,
Ion Exchange (India) Limited,
Nil
1(0)
Nil
6.
P. N. Prasad
Independent Director5
DIN: 07430506
Age: 65
20. October, 2022
19. October, 2026
Styrenix Performance
Materials Limited,
Indo Borax & Chemicals
4(1)
7.
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Independent Director
DIN: 07667641
Age: 64
1. February, 2023
31. January, 2027
Nil
2(1)
8.
Mini Ipe
Non-Executive
Nominee Director -
LIC (shareholder)
DIN: 07791184
Age: 62
29. July, 2023
28. July, 2031
PTC India Limited,
PTC India Financial Services
Nil
3(1)
Nil
9.
Pranam Wahi
Independent Director
DIN: 00031914
Age: 67
15. February, 2024
14. February, 2028
DCM Shriram Limited,
Nil
Nil
1(0)
Nil
10.
Malavika R. Harita
Independent Director6
DIN: 09005600
Age: 67
18. December, 2025
17. December, 2029
Symphony Limited,
Nil
2(1)
Nil
11.
Subrat Mohanty
Executive Director7
DIN: 08679444
Age: 49
17. August, 2023
16. August, 2026
Axis Max Life Insurance
Non-Executive
Nil
12.
Munish Sharda
Executive Director
DIN: 06796060
Age: 55
27. February, 2024
26. February, 2027
Axis Max Life Insurance
Non-Executive
Nil
1(0)
13.
Neeraj Gambhir
Executive Director8
DIN: 00257375
Age: 53
20. October, 2025
19. October, 2028
Nil
Nil
37,500

1 None of the Independent Directors of the Bank serve as an Independent Director in more than seven listed companies or as a Whole-Time
Director in any listed company including high value debt listed company.

2 Includes foreign companies, private companies and Section 8 companies.

Corporate Governance

3 Includes only memberships of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee in Indian public limited companies other
than Axis Bank. Figures in brackets represent number of chairpersonship of the said committees, as per the disclosure received from the
concerned Director.

4 The Board at its meeting held on 25 April, 2026, has re-appointed N. S. Vishwanathan as an Independent Director of the Bank for a further
period of four years, w.e.f. 30 May, 2027 up to 29 May, 2031 (both days inclusive), subject to approval of the members of the Bank, and as
the Non-Executive (Part-time) Chairman of the Bank for a further period of three years, w.e.f. 27 October, 2026 up to 26 October, 2029 (both
days inclusive), subject to approval of the members of the Bank and the RBI.

5 The Board at its meeting held on 25 April, 2026, has re-appointed P. N. Prasad as an Independent Director of the Bank for a further period
of four years, w.e.f. 20 October, 2026 up to 19 October, 2030 (both days inclusive), subject to approval of the members of the Bank.

6 Malavika R. Harita was appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank for a period of four years w.e.f. 18 December, 2025
up to 17 December, 2029 (both days inclusive).

7 The Board at its meeting held on 27 January, 2026, has re-appointed Subrat Mohanty as a Whole-Time Director (designated as an Executive
Director) of the Bank for a further period of three years, w.e.f. 17 August, 2026 up to 16 August, 2029 (both days inclusive), subject to
approval of the members of the Bank and the RBI.

8 Neeraj Gambhir was appointed as a Whole-Time Director (designated as an Executive Director) of the Bank for a period of three years w.e.f.
20 October, 2025 up to 19 October, 2028 (both days inclusive).

9 High value debt listed company.

All Directors of the Bank have submitted forms / declarations / undertakings as required under the extant laws. Pursuant
to review of the said forms / declarations / undertakings as submitted by the Directors of the Bank, the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee (the NRC ) and the Board of the Bank confirmed that all the Directors are in compliance
with the applicable norms and are fit and proper to continue as Directors of the Bank.

Selection and Appointment of Directors

The selection and appointment of Directors of the Bank is done in accordance with the extant laws. The Bank has
formulated and adopted various policies viz. Succession Planning Policy, Policy on fit and proper criteria, Policy on
Board Diversity and Policy on Training for Board of Directors. These policies deal with processes relating to selection,
appointment, induction and continuing training of Directors. Details of these are provided below:

Succession Planning Policy for the Board and Key Officials of the Bank

The Bank has formulated and adopted a Succession Planning Policy for the Board and key officials of the Bank
(the policy ), which has been reviewed by the NRC and the Board of the Bank.

The objective of the said policy is to, inter alia, assess, identify and nominate suitable candidates to fill vacancies that
may arise for positions of the Non-Executive Part-time Chairperson, Independent Directors, Managing Director & CEO,
Whole-Time Directors, Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel and other key officials of the Bank from time
to time. The aforesaid policy also seeks to plan for succession of the said roles and to fill any vacancies that may arise
out of impending move or retirement or resignation or sudden exit or for any reason whatsoever in such roles. The
policy also aims to identify the competency requirements for the aforesaid positions, identify potential candidates and
develop required competencies through planned training, development and learning initiatives. The Bank does not have
a succession planning process for Non-Executive (Nominee) Directors, since they are nominated by Public Financial
Institutions / Institutional Investors and are appointed pursuant to the right to nominate a Director on the Board of the
Bank, in terms of the Articles of Association of the Bank or in terms of the Shareholders Agreement entered into by
them with the Bank.

The said policy also provides for the course of action to be initiated in case of delay or non-receipt of
regulatory / statutory approvals, relating to appointment / re-appointment of the Managing Director & CEO or
Whole-Time Directors or in case of a sudden vacancy in the position of the Managing Director & CEO or Whole-Time
Directors, caused due to death or permanent incapacitation or for any other reason whatsoever.

The NRC considers the profile, skill set, experience, expertise, functional capabilities, disqualifications and other relevant
information and adherence to the regulators fit and proper norms, before making appropriate recommendations to the
Board relating to the appointment / re-appointment of a Director. This is designed to provide the Board with Directors
who have diverse knowledge, practical experience and requisite set of skills to serve the business interests of the Bank
and enhance the overall effectiveness of the Board.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Wherever necessary, the NRC engages the services of an external consultant / expert, to identify and assess the
suitability of candidates for the post of Director of the Bank.

During fiscal 2026, the Board reviewed and amended the said policy, inter alia, to refine definition and criteria for
critical roles and to introduce new clause on risk mitigation levers to support proactive decision-making through
structured deliberation.

Policy on fit and proper criteria for Directors of the Bank

The Bank has formulated and adopted a policy on fit and proper criteria for the Directors of the Bank (the policy ).
In terms of the said policy, the NRC assesses and confirms to the Board, the fit and proper status of the Director as
per the extant laws, before considering his / her candidature for appointment / re-appointment as a Director of the
Bank and annually i.e., as at 31 March every year. The primary objective of the policy is to provide a framework to
enable the Bank to ensure that persons who are being considered for appointment / re-appointment as Directors of
the Bank are compliant with the fit and proper norms, as IT is the key criteria on the basis of which, the candidature of
person shall be assessed and confirmed by the NRC, before IT recommends the candidature of such person for being
appointed / re-appointed as a Director of the Bank, for the approval of the Board.

The Directors of the Bank individually sign a deed of covenant which binds them to discharge their responsibilities to
the best of their abilities, in order to be eligible for being appointed / re-appointed as a Director.

The Bank obtains a declaration and undertaking on an annual basis on the fit and proper criteria in accordance with
the applicable RBI Regulations and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Registration of
Corporate Agent) Regulations, 2015, from all the Directors.

During fiscal 2026, the Board reviewed and amended the said policy, inter alia, to align the same with the extant laws.

Policy on Board Diversity

The Bank recognises and embraces the importance of a diverse Board and is endowed with appropriate balance of
skills, expertise, experience, and perspectives thereby ensuring effective board governance. The Board has reviewed
and adopted the policy on Board Diversity (the policy ), which sets out its approach to ensure diversity, and to enhance
its effectiveness while discharging its fiduciary obligations towards the shareholders of the Bank. The policy is available
on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance. During fiscal
2026, the Board also reviewed the said policy, in line with the extant laws.

In terms of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in the context of the Bank s business(es) and sector(s), the
Board has identified the following mandated core skills / expertise / competencies for IT to function effectively:

Accountancy

Human Resources

Agriculture and Rural Economy

Information Technology

Banking

Law

Business Management

Payment and Settlement Systems

Co-operation

Risk Management

Economics

Small-Scale Industry

Finance

Corporate Governance

The Board has also specified direct and indirect criteria to determine the skill sets of the Directors. The details of
Director wise core skills / expertise / competencies are as follows:
Name of the Director
Total
experience
(in years)
Skills / Expertise / Competence
1.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Banking | Economics | Human Resources | Risk Management | Information
Technology | Payment and Settlement Systems | Co-operation | Non-Banking and
Co-operative Banking Regulation and Supervision | Internal Governance, Internal Control
and Internal Audit | Supervision of Securities Market
2.
Amitabh Chaudhry
Finance | Banking | Business Management | Information Technology | Human
Resources | Risk Management | Accountancy | Insurance | Customer Service
3.
Girish Paranjpe
Accountancy | Finance | Business Management | Information Technology | Human
Resources
4.
Meena Ganesh
Technology Consulting | Business Management | Human Resources | Finance | Entrepreneurship
(BPO, Education and Health Care Services)
5.
G. Padmanabhan
Banking | Information Technology | Payment and Settlement Systems | Risk
Management | Economics | Finance | Supervision of Foreign Exchange / Securities Markets
in India | Customer Service
6.
P. N. Prasad
Core Commercial Banking | Risk Management | Human Resources | Agriculture
and Rural Economy | Small Scale Industry | Corporate Banking - Project Finance &
Structuring
|
Stressed
Asset
Management
|
Strategic
Planning
|
Client
Relationship | Trade Finance | Alternative Investments | International Banking | Audit and
Compliance | Treasury Management
7.
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Accountancy | Banking | Small Scale Industry | Agriculture and Rural Economy | Risk
Management | Finance | Business Management | Information Technology | Human
Resources | Insurance
8.
Mini Ipe
Accountancy | Finance | Law | Information Technology | Human Resources | Risk
Management | Business Management | Insurance | Customer Service | Marketing | Stressed
Asset Management
9.
Pranam Wahi
Accountancy | Banking | Finance | Risk Management | Business Management | Human
Resources | Audit | Treasury Management
10.
Malavika R. Harita
Finance | Human Resources | Business Management | Marketing, Communication,
Advertisement
Brand
Consultancy
|
Entrepreneurship
|
Learning
&
Development | Strategic Planning
11.
Subrat Mohanty
Information Technology | Business Management | Finance | Banking | Payment and
Settlement Systems | Insurance | Strategic Planning | Customer Service
12.
Munish Sharda
Agriculture and Rural Economy | Banking | Finance | Law | Information Technology | Human
Resources | Risk Management | Business Management | Insurance
13.
Neeraj Gambhir
Banking | Finance | Information Technology | Business Management | Payment and
Settlement Systems | Human Resources | Risk Management | Trade Finance | International
Banking | Treasury Management | Fixed Income and Structured Finance | Capital Markets
Total Experience

Brief Profile of the Directors of the Bank is available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/about-us.

Familiarisation and Training for the Board

The Bank has formulated and adopted a policy on training for Board of Directors of the Bank (the policy ) which aims
at providing timely and wholesome orientation and training to its Directors, to ensure that they are well versed with
the business, regulatory and operational aspects of banking. This enhances the knowledge and effectiveness of the
Directors, both individually and collectively, as members of the Board / Committees.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The said policy provides guidelines with respect to:

Induction programme for new Directors;

Familiarisation programme and Continuous Education and Learning Programme for Directors.

During fiscal 2026, the Board also reviewed the said policy, in line with the extant laws.

Induction programme for new Directors

The Bank conducts induction programme for new Directors through one-to-one meetings with the Managing Director
& CEO, Executive Directors and other members of the senior management on matters such as businesses, credit
underwriting, finance, business strategy, risk management, compliance, internal audit, human resources, information
technology / cyber security, marketing & corporate communication, environment, social & governance and corporate
social responsibility, legal, treasury, investor relations, corporate real estate service, subsidiary governance and board
process. They are also provided with the induction manual including the governance policies, codes and charters.

On appointment, the Independent Directors are issued a letter of appointment setting out the terms and conditions
relating to the appointment and their duties and responsibilities under applicable laws. The format of said letter is
available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance.

Familiarisation programme and Continuous Education and Learning Programme ( CELP ) for Directors

The Bank conducts familiarisation programme and CELP for all its Directors including Independent Directors covering
the matters as specified under Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

These familiarisation programmes and CELP are conducted through a combination of experts from within the Bank
and / or external agencies with in-depth expertise in various areas, taking into consideration the business requirement
of the Bank, the existing skill sets of the Directors and recommendations made by them. Such sessions enable the
Directors to obtain an insight on contemporary matters and changes therein.

Eight such programmes were organized for 7.5 hours during fiscal 2026, details for which are as under:

1.
Board Governance - View from the regulator

2.
Cybersecurity and Infosec and session on Risk Management (Fraud Risk or Climate Risk, etc.)

3.
Global economic outlook and geopolitical events: impact on India and Banking

4.
Session on emerging technologies

5.
Session on Risk Management (Fraud Risk or Climate Risk, etc.)

6.
Annual update on AML for Board of Directors

7.
Opportunities in the payments ecosystem

8.
Perspective on AI and its implications.

The details of the programmes conducted and attendance of Directors are available on the website of the Bank at

Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

The role of the Board is to provide effective guidance and oversight to the management of the Bank so that IT delivers
enduring sustainable value and is fully compliant with the extant laws and functions in an ethical and efficient manner.

The responsibilities of the Board, inter alia, include overseeing the functioning of the Bank, reviewing compliance of
all laws applicable to the Bank and efficacy of internal control systems / processes and framing, implementing and
monitoring the risk management plan of the Bank.

The Board is also responsible for approving the strategic decisions, plans and priorities for the Bank, monitoring
corporate performance against business plans, reviewing and approving the Bank s financial and operating performance
on a periodic basis, overseeing the Bank s corporate governance framework and supervising the succession planning
process for its Directors and senior management.

Corporate Governance

The Board spends considerable time perusing the information provided to them which facilitates informed decision
making and effective participation at its meetings, leading to higher board effectiveness. Apart from quarterly review
of the performance of the Bank, the Board meets once a year specifically to review the long-term strategy of the Bank.
The Board oversees the actions and results of the management to ensure that the long-term objectives of enhancing
shareholder s value are met. The Board also has the discretion to engage the services of external experts / advisors, as
deemed appropriate.

The duties and responsibilities of the Board have been set out in the charter formulated and adopted by the Bank, in
terms of the extant laws. During fiscal 2026, the Board also reviewed and approved amendments to its charter, in line
with the extant laws.

Role of Independent Directors

N. S. Vishwanathan, Girish Paranjpe, Meena Ganesh, G. Padmanabhan, P. N. Prasad, CH SS Mallikarjunarao, Pranam
Wahi and Malavika R. Harita are the Independent Directors of the Bank. The role of an Independent Director is to
help in bringing an independent judgment in the Board s deliberations, especially on the issues pertaining to strategy,
performance, risk management, human resources, governance, key appointments, and standards of conduct.

Independent Directors bring an unbiased view in evaluating performance of the Board and management and review
management s performance in meeting their goals and objectives. Independent Directors safeguard the interests of all
the stakeholders, particularly the minority shareholders.

Role of Independent Chairman

N. S. Vishwanathan, Independent Director and Part-time Chairman of the Bank plays a critical role in managing and
facilitating effective functioning of the Board. He presides over meetings of the shareholders of the Bank, Board and
select Board Committees.

Role of Managing Director & CEO

Amitabh Chaudhry is the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank. He reports to the Board of the Bank and is
vested with powers of managing the affairs of the Bank, within the overall superintendence, control, guidance, and
direction of the Board.

As the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank, he has the requisite delegated authority to perform all such acts, deeds,
matters and things, which he may consider necessary or appropriate to perform, in the business interest of the Bank.

Role of Executive Directors

Subrat Mohanty, Munish Sharda and Neeraj Gambhir, are the Executive Directors of the Bank and report to the
Managing Director & CEO of the Bank.

Subrat Mohanty is responsible for banking operations & transformation and leads the retail & wholesale banking
operations, information technology, business intelligence, digital banking and certain other corporate functions at the
Bank, including strategy, process excellence, customer experience.

Munish Sharda is responsible for overseeing a comprehensive portfolio that includes retail assets, retail liabilities,
branch banking, and the commercial banking group.

Neeraj Gambhir is responsible for overseeing the Bank s treasury & markets function, wholesale banking products
(WBP), fraud control, business economics research, internal vigilance, ethics.

Amitabh Chaudhry, Subrat Mohanty, Munish Sharda and Neeraj Gambhir are the key managerial personnel of the
Bank, in terms of the provisions of Section 203(1) read with Section 2(51) of the Act and Rule 8 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
IV. Meetings of the Board / Committees

Schedule of the meetings

The schedule of the meetings of the Board / Committees and the Annual General Meeting of the Bank to be held during
the next fiscal, is finalised and circulated in advance to the Board.

Framework for conduct of meetings of the Board / Committees

The Bank has formulated and adopted a framework for conduct of meetings of the Board / Committees of the Bank.

The said framework provides guidance on matters relating to administration of meetings by ensuring standardization
in the formats used for preparation of agenda index, agenda notes, minutes and circular resolutions and adopting best
practices from a compliance and governance perspective.

Agenda for the meetings

The RBI vide RBI (Commercial Banks - Governance) Directions, 2025 dated 28 November, 2025 has prescribed
seven critical themes to be reviewed by the Board namely business strategy, risk, financial reports and their integrity,
compliance, customer protection, financial inclusion and human resources. The agenda for Board meetings, inter alia,
include matters aligned with the Bank s business priorities, strategic objectives, and operational requirements as well
as matters forming part of the said critical themes stipulated by the RBI, along with those required under the provisions
of the extant laws.

The agenda for the meetings of the Board / Committees is prepared and finalised in consultation with the chairperson
of the Board / respective Committees. The agenda notes and presentations for the meetings of the Board / Committees
are sent to the members of the Board / Committees in advance to enable them to read and comprehend the matters
to be dealt with and seek further information / clarification, as may be required. The agenda notes / presentations are
presented in a manner, to facilitate informed decision making.

The members of the Board / Committees are free to recommend inclusion of any matter as part of the agenda for
the said meetings.

Availability of information to the Board

Meetings follow structured agenda notes and background papers, circulated through a web-based portal, aligning
with the Bank s green initiative. In addition to all items required pursuant to extant applicable regulations, updates
cover diverse areas such as business & operations, risk management, CSR activities, and ESG initiatives, alongside
other details like minutes of meetings, senior management appointments, subsidiary governance, strategic matters and
regulatory compliance.

Post-meeting follow-up mechanism

Important decisions taken and suggestions provided by the Board and its Committees are communicated to the
relevant departments for their information and necessary action. The actionables arising out of the meetings of the
Board / Committees are thereafter dealt with in accordance with the Bank s framework for monitoring and
implementation of directions of the Board / Committees.

Framework for monitoring and implementation of the directions of the Board

The Bank has formulated and adopted a framework for monitoring and implementation of directions of the
Board / Committees. During fiscal 2026, the Board reviewed the aforesaid framework. The framework is in line with
the Banks commitment to adopt and adhere to enhanced governance standards and to define a set of principles for
identification of actionable and the process for its monitoring, review and reporting to the Board / Committees.

Corporate Governance

In terms of this framework, actionables emanating from the deliberations at the meetings and actionables emanating
from the agenda notes are periodically monitored and reviewed until their closure. Subrat Mohanty, Executive Director,
periodically reviews the open actionables. The consolidated status of actionables relating to the Board / Committees,
is also reviewed by the Board, on a quarterly basis.

Annual Board Strategy Meet

The Bank believes that the annual strategy planning process provides a structured environment, formal as well as
informal, to focus on longer term direction, purpose and strategy of the Bank. Every year, the planning cycle starts
with detailed discussions at senior management taking stock of the priorities during the middle of the year and
initiating conversations for the next year priorities. This year, basis inputs from the senior leadership and Board, certain
strategic priorities / areas have been identified. Each of the strategic priorities / areas were owned by at least one of
the Management Committee member and had a Board mentor / guide assigned to IT. Basis guidance from the Board,
a detailed project plan to address the strategic areas was presented at the Board strategy meeting. Each of these areas
with finalised project plans are now implemented as individual projects by the Bank during the year.

Further, at the three-day strategy meet, the Board is able to reflect on and challenge managements assumptions and the
thinking around the changing risk environment, strategic planning, financial planning, review ongoing initiatives, assess
risks to strategy execution, and discuss the need for new strategic programs to achieve long-term objectives. This meet
provides a platform for Directors to contribute towards strategic initiatives and gain insights into the execution and
other challenges faced within specific business segments. Senior management delivers detailed presentations on key
business segments and subsidiaries, fostering discussions on strategic issues and competitive differentiation.

Minutes of the meetings

The draft minutes are sent within 15 days from the date of the conclusion of the meetings to the members of the
Board / Committees, for their comments. The minutes after incorporating the comments / suggestions, if any, received
from the members of the Board / Committees are placed at the next meeting for noting and signing by the Chairperson
of the respective / previous meeting. The Bank has adopted a Guidance, Challenge and Instruction ( GCI ) framework,
in terms of which IT circulates to the Directors a statement containing Guidance, Challenge and Instruction arising from
the deliberations at the meetings of the Board / Committees, along with the minutes.

In case of business exigencies or urgency of matters, resolutions are also passed by the Board / Committees through
circulation with the approval of the respective chairperson. The resolution passed by circulation is noted at the next
meeting of the Board / Committees.

Conduct of meetings

The meetings of the Board / Committees during fiscal 2026, were generally held at the Bank s corporate office in Mumbai.
Video-conference ( VC ) facility was also provided in case any Director was unable to attend the meeting physically.

During fiscal 2026, nine meetings of the Board were held on 24 April, 2025, 19 June, 2025, 17 July, 2025,
15 October, 2025, 25 October, 2025, 26 November, 2025, 18 December, 2025, 26 January, 2026 and 22 March, 2026.

The quarterly Board meetings for considering financial results were held over a two-day period, conducted in-person.
During fiscal 2026, the Annual Board Strategy meeting was held from 22 March, 2026 to 24 March, 2026.

The gap between two Board meetings did not exceed the prescribed limit of 120 days. The requisite quorum was
present throughout and at all the meetings of the Board held during fiscal 2026.

All the statutory recommendations made by the Committees during fiscal 2026 have been duly considered and
approved by the Board.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The details of the Board meetings attended during fiscal 2026 and attendance at the 31st Annual General Meeting of
the Bank ( AGM ), are given below:
Name of the Directors
Board meetings
attended during fiscal
% of attendance
Attendance at last AGM
(25 July, 2025)
1.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Yes
2.
Amitabh Chaudhry
Yes
3.
Girish Paranjpe
Yes
4.
Meena Ganesh
Yes
5.
G. Padmanabhan
Yes
6.
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev1
NA
7.
P. N. Prasad
Yes
8.
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Yes
9.
Mini Ipe
Yes
10.
Pranam Wahi
Yes
11.
Malavika R. Harita2
NA
12.
Rajiv Anand3
Yes
13.
Subrat Mohanty
Yes
14.
Munish Sharda
Yes
15.
Neeraj Gambhir4
4/5*
NA

1 Resigned as an Independent Director of the Bank w.e.f. the close of business hours of 5 June, 2025.

2 Appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

3 Retired as Whole-Time Director (designated as Deputy Managing Director) of the Bank w.e.f. the close of business hours of 3 August, 2025.

4 Appointed as an Executive Director of the Bank w.e.f. 20 October, 2025.

Resignation of Independent Director

During fiscal 2026, Prof. S. Mahendra Dev, resigned as an Independent Director of the Bank with effect from the close
of business hours of 5 June, 2025, owing to his appointment as the Chairman of Economic Advisory Council to the
Prime Minister of India, which is a full-time position.

Further, he confirmed that there are no other material reasons for his resignation beyond those stated above.

Board Committees

The Board also functions through various Committees constituted to deal with specific matters as mandated under the
extant laws. The charter of the Board Committees is subject to an annual review by the Board, pursuant to changes in
the extant laws or to meet the business requirements of the Bank.

As on 31 March, 2026, the Board has 13 Committees, details and composition of which are as follows:
Name of the Committees
1.
Acquisitions, Divestments and Mergers Committee ( ADAM )
2.
Audit Committee ( AC )
3.
Committee of Directors ( COD )
4.
Committee of Whole-Time Directors ( COWTD )
5.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee ( CSR )
6.
Customer Service Committee ( CSC )
7.
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee ( ESG )
8.
IT and Digital Strategy Committee ( ITDSC )
9.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee ( NRC )
10.
Review Committee ( RC )
11.
Risk Management Committee ( RMC )
12.
Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Follow-up of cases of Frauds ( SCBMF )
13.
Stakeholders Relationship Committee ( SRC )

Out of 13 Committees, 10 are chaired by Independent Directors. The remaining three i.e., SCBMF is chaired by a Non-Executive Director, and
RC & COWTD are chaired by the Managing Director & CEO.

Corporate Governance

Composition of Committees
Independent Directors
Non-
Executive
Director
Whole-Time Directors
N. S.
Vishwanathan
Girish
Paranjpe
Meena
Ganesh
Padmanabhan
P. N.
Prasad
CH SS
Mallikarjunarao
Pranam
Wahi
Malavika
R. Harita
Mini Ipe
Amitabh
Chaudhry
Subrat
Mohanty
Munish
Sharda
Neeraj
Gambhir
ADAM

AC

COD

COWTD

CSR

CSC

ESG

ITDSC

NRC

RC

RMC

SCBMF

SRC

Chairperson
Member

With reference to the RBI (Commercial Banks - Governance) Directions, 2025 dated 28 November, 2025,
Girish Paranjpe, Independent Director is a common member between the RMC and the NRC. The above common
membership is in compliance with the RBI guidelines.

Brief description of charter of the Committees, their composition and attendance of the members at the meetings
held during fiscal 2026, are detailed as under:

1.
Acquisitions, Divestments and Mergers Committee

The Acquisitions, Divestments and Mergers Committee of the Board of the Bank ( ADAM ) comprises of five
members out of which three are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
N. S. Vishwanathan
Chairman
Amitabh Chaudhry
Member
Meena Ganesh
Member
5/6#
Subrat Mohanty
Member
5/6*
Pranam Wahi
Member

# Leave of absence was granted to Meena Ganesh from attending the meeting due to personal reason.

* Leave of absence was granted to Subrat Mohanty from attending the meeting since he was on annual block leave.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the ADAM, whichever is higher.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The objective of the Committee is to consider any proposals relating to mergers, acquisitions and strategic
investments and divestments and recommend / approve them in terms of the charter.

Business takeover / acquisition (as distinct from the normal purchase of loans / investment portfolios,
purchase of assets, etc.)

Strategic investments: acquisition of greater than 25% stake in a company or acquisition of stake in a company
where the proportion is 25% or lower but where the Bank intends to have management participation.
Equity / Equity linked investment in a company / Limited Liability Partnership ( LLP ) / entity / body corporates
(other than in subsidiary / group entity(ies)) if the overall amount is in excess of ₹500 crores in one or more
tranches. Equity / Equity linked investment in subsidiary company / group entity(ies) (existing or proposed) if
the proposed investment amount is in excess of ₹500 crores per transaction.

Strategic divestments: Sale of an existing business of the Bank (as distinct from the sale of assets in the
normal course of business, sale of assets to ARCs and fixed assets). Sale of greater than 25% stake in a
company / LLP / entity / body corporates / subsidiary company of the Bank or Equity / Equity linked
divestment in a company / LLP / entity / body corporates / subsidiary company if the amount of disinvestment
is in excess of ₹500 crores per transaction or sale of less than 25% stake in a company / LLP / entity / body
corporates / subsidiary company of the Bank but where the Bank intends to give-up management participation
which was earlier approved by the Committee.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, six meetings of ADAM were held on 1 May, 2025, 14 October, 2025, 20 December, 2025,
27 January, 2026, 11 February, 2026 and 18 March, 2026.

2.
Audit Committee

The Audit Committee of the Board of the Bank ( ACB ) comprises of four members, out of which three
are Independent Directors and one is a Non-Executive Nominee Director. The members of the ACB are
financially literate.
Position
Attendance
Girish Paranjpe
Chairman
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev1
Member
Meena Ganesh
Member
Mini Ipe
Member
Pranam Wahi
Member

The Company Secretary of the Bank acts as the secretary of this Committee.

Quorum

Three members and at least 2/3rd of the members attending the meeting of the ACB shall be Independent Directors.

Provide direction and to oversee the operation of the audit function.

Review the internal audit system with special emphasis on its quality and effectiveness.

Review the risk assessment report, risk mitigation plan, scrutiny reports issued by the RBI and any other
domestic / overseas regulators and forensic audit reports by external agencies, if any, and the status of
compliance with the same.

Corporate Governance

Review the concurrent audit system of the Bank (including the appointment of concurrent auditors).

Recommend to the Board, the appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the Bank.

Recommend to the Board, the appointment, re-appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of the
Statutory Auditors of the Bank.

Approve payments to Statutory Auditors for any other services rendered by them.

Oversee the Bank s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that
the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible.

Review, with the management, the quarterly financial statements of the Bank (standalone and on a
consolidated basis, in terms of the relevant provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations) before IT is
recommended for the approval of the Board.

Oversee the implementation of compliance policy and group compliance policy and review the compliance
function on a half-yearly and annual basis ensuring that all compliance issues are resolved effectively.

Review functioning of the whistle blower and vigilance mechanism.

All related party transactions and subsequent material modifications shall require prior approval of the ACB
in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time.

m)
Review the performance of information systems audit and the critical issues highlighted during the
information systems audit and provide appropriate guidance to the Bank s management.

n)
Review the status of compliance with the provisions of the securities dealing code, on an annual basis and to
verify that the systems for internal control are adequate and are operating effectively.

o)
Review and approve the appointment and removal of the Group Chief Compliance Officer ( GCCO ), Group
Chief Audit Executive ( GCAE ), Chief of Internal Vigilance ( CIV ) and / or any change in the incumbency of
GCCO, GCAE, CIV of the Bank, along with the reasons for such change.

p)
Review all matters as specified by the RBI vide circular dated 10 November, 2010 on Calendar of Reviews
and notifications, if any, issued from time to time in this regard.

The GCCO and GCAE of the Bank directly report to the ACB. They also meet the ACB on one-to-one basis,
without the presence of the senior management, on a quarterly basis. The Committee also meets the credit rating
agencies at least once in a year, to discuss issues including related party transactions, internal financial control
and any items, which have a bearing on rating of the instruments issued by the Bank.

The ACB discusses the key highlights of the quarterly and annual financial results of the Bank, internal financial
controls, branch audits and control findings, with the Joint Statutory Auditors, before recommending the same to
the Board, for their approval. Joint Statutory Auditors have attended the meetings of the ACB held during fiscal
2026, for review of the quarterly / half-yearly / annual financial results of the Bank.

The ACB also meets with the Joint Statutory Auditors, without the presence of any executives of the Bank.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, 17 meetings of ACB were held on 21 April, 2025, 24 April, 2025, 16 May, 2025,
13 June, 2025, 24 June, 2025, 17 July, 2025, 25 July, 2025, 21 August, 2025, 4 September, 2025,
23 September, 2025, 10 October, 2025, 15 October, 2025, 18 November, 2025, 18 December, 2025,
26 January, 2026, 23 February, 2026 and 18 March, 2026.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

3.
Committee of Directors

The Committee of Directors of the Board of the Bank ( COD ) comprises of four members out of which three are
Position
Attendance
P. N. Prasad
Chairman
Rajiv Anand1
Member
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Member
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev2
Member
Mini Ipe3
Member
Neeraj Gambhir4
Member
5/6*
Malavika R. Harita5
Member

2 Ceased to be a member w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 June, 2025.

3 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 19 June, 2025 and ceased to be a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

4 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 20 October, 2025.

5 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the COD, whichever is higher, with presence of at least two

Review loans sanctioned by the Senior Management Committee, provide approvals for loans as per the
limits stipulated in the corporate credit policy of the Bank, as amended from time to time, and to discuss
strategic issues in relation to credit policy and review the quality of the credit portfolio of the Bank.

Monitor the exposures (both credit and investments) of the Bank and to consider and approve one time
compromise settlement proposals, in respect of loan accounts which have been written off.

Approve treasury related investments and disinvestments as mentioned in the domestic investment policy,
overseas investment policy and market risk management policy of the Bank, as amended from time to time.

Review and approve proposals relating to grant of loans and advances, investments, award of contract or
arrangement to related parties.

Review, note and approve proposals relating to the Bank s business / operations covering all its departments
and business segments.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, 15 meetings of COD were held on 23 April, 2025, 27 May, 2025, 2 June, 2025,
23 June, 2025, 24 July, 2025, 26 August, 2025, 17 September, 2025, 10 October, 2025, 17 October, 2025,
21. November, 2025, 9 December, 2025, 17 December, 2025, 30 January, 2026, 17 February, 2026 and
13 March, 2026.

Corporate Governance
4.
Committee of Whole-Time Directors

The Committee of Whole-Time Directors of the Board of the Bank ( COWTD ) comprises of four members.
Position
Attendance
Amitabh Chaudhry
Chairman
Rajiv Anand1
Member
Subrat Mohanty
Member
Munish Sharda
Member
11/12*
Neeraj Gambhir2
Member

2 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 20 October, 2025.

* Leave of absence was granted to Munish Sharda from attending the meeting due to a prior professional commitment.

Quorum

If the COWTD consists of three or less members, 100% of the strength of the COWTD. If the COWTD consists of more
than three members, three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the COWTD, whichever is higher.

Issuance of general / special power of attorney to various officials of the Bank and the subsidiary companies of
the Bank to do such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary or appropriate for and on
behalf of the Bank.

Approve the allotment of equity shares pursuant to exercise of stock option / unit by eligible
employees / Directors of the Bank and that of its subsidiary companies, in terms of the relevant employee stock
option scheme(s) of the Bank.

Approve the allotment of debt securities issued by the Bank, including, but not limited to long term bonds,
green bonds, non-convertible debentures, perpetual debt instruments, Tier II capital bonds or such other debt
securities as may be permitted under the RBI guidelines.

Discuss matters, inter alia, relating to the operations, strategies, business opportunities relating to the Bank
and / or that of its subsidiaries.

Approve strategic and other investments and divestments up to ₹500 crores in a company / LLP / entity / body
corporates in one or more tranche.

Review and approve any proposals on investment and divestments in the share capital of the existing / proposed
subsidiary / group entity(ies) up to ₹500 crores per transaction.

Any other matter as may be authorised by the Board / Committees or required to be done pursuant to any laws,
rules, regulations or any internal policies of the Bank.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, 12 meetings of COWTD were held on 17 April, 2025, 19 May, 2025, 17 June, 2025,
11 July, 2025, 18 August, 2025, 23 September, 2025, 14 October, 2025, 17 November, 2025, 15 December, 2025,
12 January, 2026, 16 February, 2026 and 13 March, 2026.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
5.
Corporate Social Responsibility

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Board of the Bank ( CSR Committee ) comprises of five members
out of which three are Independent Directors.
Designation
Attendance
N. S. Vishwanathan
Chairman
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev1
Member
NA
Rajiv Anand2
Member
Meena Ganesh
Member
Munish Sharda
Member
Malavika R. Harita3
Member
Neeraj Gambhir4
Member
0/1*

2 Ceased to be a member w.e.f. close of business hours of 3 August, 2025.

3 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

4 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the CSR Committee, whichever is higher.

Formulate and recommend to the Board, the CSR strategy, themes, focus areas and review mechanism including
the CSR policy of the Bank.

Review and approve, the CSR projects / programmes to be undertaken by the Bank either directly or through Axis
Bank Foundation ( ABF ) or through implementation partners as deemed suitable, during the fiscal year and specify
modalities for its execution and implementation schedules for the same, in terms of the CSR policy of the Bank.

Review and approve the funds to be allocated for the CSR projects / programmes to be undertaken by the Bank
during the fiscal year, in terms of the CSR policy of the Bank, subject to compliance with Section 135(5) of the Act.

Review implementation of the CSR policy and annual action plan, such that the CSR project(s) / programme(s) that
are being proposed to be undertaken are aligned to the Bank s social, environmental and economic activities to the
extent possible.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, five meetings of CSR Committee were held on 18 June, 2025, 16 July, 2025, 11 September, 2025,
10 December, 2025 and 5 March, 2026.
6.
Customer Service Committee

The Customer Service Committee of the Board of the Bank ( CSC ) comprises of five members out of which two
are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
P. N. Prasad
Chairman
G. Padmanabhan
Member
Amitabh Chaudhry
Member
Mini Ipe
Member
Subrat Mohanty
Member

Corporate Governance

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of total strength of the CSC, whichever is higher, out of which at least one member shall be
an Independent Director of the Bank.

Review customer feedback received during Standing Committee on Customer Service and customer metrics
that were reviewed.

Review complaints and quality of service provided by the Bank & its subsidiaries to ensure a robust grievance
redressal mechanism.

Review of Banking Ombudsman Awards and remedial action for Systemic Issues.

Review of customer service policies annually and / or adopt new policies based on the RBI directives.

Review progress on other regulatory matters.

Review any specific directive received from the RBI and status of implementation.

Review of revised charges / fees and annual review of existing charges / fees, etc.

Review the initiatives taken by the Bank to enhance customer experience.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, five meetings of CSC were held on 6 June, 2025, 25 September, 2025, 25 November, 2025,
12 December, 2025 and 12 March, 2026.
7.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board of the Bank ( ESG ) comprises of four members out
of which three are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
Pranam Wahi1
Chairman
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev2
Chairman
NA
Amitabh Chaudhry
Member
G. Padmanabhan
Member
Malavika R. Harita3
Member

1 Appointed as a member and Chairman w.e.f. 19 June, 2025.

2 Ceased to be member w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 June, 2025.

3 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the ESG Committee, whichever is higher.

Guide and assist in setting the Bank s general strategy with respect to ESG matters.

Consider and bring to the attention of the Board and / or management, current, and emerging ESG topics that may
be material to the Bank or its stakeholders.

To take note and advise the Board or management, as appropriate, on any significant stakeholder concerns relating
to ESG matters.

Review the Bank s ESG-aligned strategy, policies, practices, and disclosures for consistency with respect to
applicable regulations.

Advise and assist the management in the adoption of ESG performance metrics, targets, and other such
commitments, and monitor the Bank s progress.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, four meetings of ESG Committee were held on 25 June, 2025, 17 September, 2025,
3 December, 2025 and 11 March, 2026.
8.
IT and Digital Strategy Committee

The IT and Digital Strategy Committee of the Board of the Bank ( ITDSC ) comprises of five members out of which
three are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Chairman
G. Padmanabhan
Member
Girish Paranjpe
Member
Amitabh Chaudhry
Member
Subrat Mohanty
Member

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of total strength of ITDSC, whichever is higher.

Approving IT strategy and policies and ensuring that IT strategy is aligned with business strategy.

Review of IT and cyber security incidents / frauds.

Assessing if IT architecture has been designed to derive maximum business value from IT.

Ensure that the Bank has put in place processes for assessing and managing IT and cybersecurity risks.

Exercise oversight to ensure effective functioning of the IT Operations of the Bank.

Review on an annual basis, the Business Continuity Plan ( BCP ) / Disaster Recovery ( DR ) Plan of the Bank and
exercise oversight over the efficacy of the BCP / DR process adopted by the Bank and recommend measures for
its improvement.

Review the progress made by the Bank on the digital banking front.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, five meetings of ITDSC were held on 6 June, 2025, 8 September, 2025, 8 December, 2025,
27 January, 2026 and 12 March, 2026.
9.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of the Bank ( NRC ) comprises of four members, out of
which three are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
Meena Ganesh
Chairperson
Girish Paranjpe
Member
N. S. Vishwanathan
Member
Mini Ipe
Member

Quorum

Three members. At least half of the members attending the meeting of the NRC shall be Independent Directors, of
which one shall be a member of the RMC.

Corporate Governance

Evaluate efficacy of the Talent Management and Succession Planning process adopted by the Bank and
suggest suitable course of action, if any, relating to vacancies that would be required to be filled at Board,
senior management and key managerial personnel, functional head level, critical role holders on account of
retirement / resignation / expiry of term of the chairperson, the directors, senior management, key managerial
personnel, functional heads and the critical role holders.

Set the goals, objectives and performance benchmarks for the Bank, Whole-Time Directors & senior management.

Review and recommend for the approval of the Board, the overall remuneration framework and associated
policies of the Bank.

Review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board and make necessary recommendations to the
Board with regard to any changes in its composition as deemed necessary in accordance with the extant norms
and formulate and review the policy on board diversity.

Carry out evaluation of performance of individual and Independent Directors, the Board as a whole and the
Committees thereof and based on the outcome of such performance evaluation, decide whether to re-appoint
the Director and assignment of additional roles, responsibilities and his / her remuneration.

Consider and approve the grant of stock options to eligible employees of the Bank including the Managing
Director & CEO, other Whole-Time Directors and senior management and eligible employees of the subsidiary
companies of the Bank, in terms of the Employees Stock Option Scheme formulated and adopted by the Bank
under the relevant provisions of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021,
as amended from time to time.

Review adequacy and appropriateness of HR strategy of the Bank in the broader areas of code of conduct,
culture and ethics, conflict of interest, succession planning, talent management, performance management,
remuneration and HR risk management.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, 11 meetings of NRC were held on 23 April, 2025, 25 April, 2025, 13 June, 2025, 16 July, 2025,
18. July, 2025, 3 October, 2025, 14 October, 2025, 26 November, 2025, 18 December, 2025, 14 January, 2026 and
20 March, 2026.
10. Review Committee

The Review Committee of the Board of the Bank ( RC ) comprises of three members out of which two are
Position
Attendance
Amitabh Chaudhry
Chairman
P. N. Prasad
Member
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Member

Quorum

Three members or 2/3rd of total strength of the RC, whichever is higher.

Consider the proposal of the Identification Committee along with the written representation received for
classification of a borrower / guarantor / promoter / director / persons who are in charge and responsible for the
management of the affairs of the entity, as a wilful defaulter.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

To put in place a system for proper and timely classification of borrowers as wilful defaulters and review the
efficacy of the said system, at least on an annual basis.

The accounts of borrowers who have been classified as wilful defaulters shall be reviewed by the RC at least on a
half-yearly basis and a report thereon shall be placed before the Board, for its review and noting.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, seven meetings of RC were held on 25 July, 2025, 26 August, 2025, 10 October, 2025,
21 November, 2025, 17 December, 2025, 30 January, 2026 and 16 March, 2026.
11. Risk Management Committee

The Risk Management Committee of the Board of the Bank ( RMC ) comprises of five members out of which three are
Position
Attendance
G. Padmanabhan
Chairman
Amitabh Chaudhry
Member
Girish Paranjpe
Member
Pranam Wahi
Member
Munish Sharda
Member

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of RMC, whichever is higher. At least half of the members attending
the meeting of the RMC shall be Independent Directors, of which at least one member shall have professional
expertise / qualification in risk management.

Framing and governing the risk strategy and approving and reviewing the risk appetite of the Bank.

Ensure that sound policies, procedures and practices are in place to manage its risks.

Establishing a framework to set and monitor limits across risk categories such as credit risk, market risk, operational
risk, etc. in order to ensure that the risk profile is adequately diversified.

Review the risk management plan with respect to cyber security and monitor the implementation of the measures
recommended by the ITDSC of the Bank, to mitigate any risk arising therefrom.

Review the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer ( CRO ) of the Bank.

The CRO reports to the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank. The CRO is independent of the business lines and is
actively involved in key decision-making processes that impact the risk profile of the Bank. The CRO also meets the
RMC without the presence of executives of the Bank. The Bank has a policy defining the roles and responsibilities of
the CRO, in line with the guidelines issued by the RBI.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, six meetings of RMC were held on 22 April, 2025, 18 June, 2025, 14 July, 2025,
13 October, 2025, 26 November, 2025 and 16 January, 2026.

Corporate Governance
12. Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Follow-up of cases of Frauds

The Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Follow-up of cases of Frauds ( SCBMF ) comprises of five
members out of which three are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
Mini Ipe
Chairperson
Amitabh Chaudhry
Member
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev1
Member
P. N. Prasad
Member
N. S. Vishwanathan,
Member
Malavika R. Harita2
Member

2 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Quorum

Three members with at least two being a Non-Executive Director.

Oversee the effectiveness of the fraud risk management in the Bank, including fraud monitoring and fraud
investigations and make suggestions for improvement.

Review and monitor cases of frauds, including root cause analysis, efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent
recurrence and suggest mitigating measures for strengthening the internal controls, risk management framework
and minimising the incidence of frauds.

Review
cases
red-flagged
status
beyond
days
together
adequate
reasoning / justification thereof.

Identify the reasons for delay, in detection and classification and / or reporting, if any, of frauds to top management
of the Bank and the RBI.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, five meetings of SCBMF were held on 8 May, 2025, 13 June, 2025, 11 September, 2025,
10 December, 2025 and 13 March, 2026.
13. Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board of the Bank ( SRC ) comprises of four members out of which
two are Independent Directors.
Position
Attendance
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Chairman
Rajiv Anand1
Member
P. N. Prasad
Member
Munish Sharda
Member
Neeraj Gambhir2
Member
NA

2 Appointed as a member w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Sandeep Poddar, Company Secretary of the Bank, is appointed as the Compliance Officer in terms of Regulation 6 of
the SEBI Listing Regulations. He also acts as the secretary of this Committee.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the SRC, whichever is higher.

Consider and resolve the grievances of the security holders of the Bank.

Review of complaints received from the investors in respect of transfer / transmission of shares and debentures of
the Bank, non-receipt of annual report of the Bank, non-receipt of declared dividends and interest on debentures,
delay in receipt of new / duplicate certificates, general meetings, etc. and the status of its redressal.

Review the measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.

Review adherence to the service standards adopted by the Bank in respect of various services being rendered by
the Registrar to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent.

Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Bank for reducing the quantum of unclaimed
dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants / annual reports / statutory notices by the
shareholders of the Bank.

Meetings

During fiscal 2026, two meetings of SRC were held on 27 May, 2025 and 21 November, 2025.

Management Committee

The Management Committee ( MANCOM ) has been constituted as part of the governance and administrative structure
of the Bank. The MANCOM comprises of the Managing Director & CEO, Executive Directors, and other senior leaders,
as appointed from time to time.

The MANCOM meets regularly to review matters, inter alia, relating to business strategy & business performance,
financial reports & integrity, risk, compliance, customer experience & marketing, financial inclusion, human capital and
any other matters considered important by the MANCOM including those specified under various policies of the Bank.

Separate meeting of Independent Directors

During fiscal 2026, the Independent Directors of the Bank met on 25 April, 2025, 17 July, 2025, 15 October, 2025, and
26 January, 2026, without the presence of Whole-Time Directors and other members of management. During these
meetings, the Independent Directors discussed various performance, operational and governance aspects of the Bank
and Board performance evaluation.

Thereafter, the Independent Directors at its meeting held on 24 April, 2026, discussed the report of the Board
performance evaluation exercise for fiscal 2026 and evaluated the performance of the Non-Independent Directors,
the Board as a whole and the Chairperson of the Bank and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of
information between the management and the Board, in accordance with Paragraph VII to Schedule IV of the Act.
Board Performance Evaluation

The Bank believes that the annual performance evaluation of the Board plays a vital role in enhancing the Board s
effectiveness. The performance evaluation of Board, its Committees, Chairperson and individual Directors was done in
compliance with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The NRC finalized the parameters, methodology and mechanism for conducting the Board performance evaluation
for fiscal 2026. The questionnaire related to Board evaluation was reviewed and finalized and the structured online
questionnaires were deployed for the said evaluation. To enhance objectivity and ensure confidentiality an independent
external agency was engaged to conduct the performance evaluation through an online tool thereby ensuring a seamless
execution and facilitating a candid participation of every Director.

The independent external agency also had one-on-one discussion with all the Directors with respect to their response
to the questionnaire.

Corporate Governance

Board Evaluation

The Board was evaluated on parameters such as governance, strategic planning, audit, risk and compliance, human
resource, Board s relationship with executive management, customer grievance / protection, financial inclusion,
Board functioning, induction and professional development and flow of information.

Committee Evaluation

All the 13 Board Committees were individually evaluated on a common questionnaire as well as a tailored questionnaire
depending upon the mandate of each Committee. The Committees were evaluated based on criteria such as
composition and quality (qualifications, skills, experience and knowledge of members), discharge of responsibilities,
planning of meetings to ensure adequate time is provided for significant and emerging items, independent functioning
of the Committee, comprehensiveness of agenda papers and minutes, quality of deliberation and discussion at
meetings, contribution of members, action taken reports, communication between the Committee members and
management, directions and instructions provided by the Committee resulting in major improvements in the Bank s
functioning, etc. Further, in respect to certain Committees, feedback was taken from all the Directors with respect
to their effectiveness and areas of improvement.

Chairperson Evaluation

Chairperson performance evaluation was based on parameters covering ability to steer the meetings and discussions,
impartiality, encouraging dissent, facilitating consensus building, interaction with Committee chairs, leveraging
expertise of all Board members and providing guidance to the Bank on strategic & critical matters.

Individual Directors

Individual Director s effectiveness was based on parameters such as knowledge and expertise, active participation
and contribution during meetings, preparation for meetings and keeping oneself abreast of matters, collaborative
relationship with other Directors, leadership, openness to others input and acceptance of constructive feedback,
uninhibited participation in meetings and willingness to bring forth their insights and integrity.

Outcome of Evaluation

The outcome of the said performance evaluation was reviewed by the NRC at its meeting held on 23 April, 2026
and by the Independent Directors at its meeting held on 24 April, 2026. The Board also reviewed the performance
evaluation report, outcome and action areas at its meeting held on 25 April, 2026.

The disclosure in terms of SEBI Master Circular dated 30 January, 2026, on Board evaluation , is detailed as under:

1.
Observations of Board evaluation carried out for the year: Five observations emanated from the Board
performance evaluation for fiscal 2026, which are detailed as under:

There must be induction process for whole-time directors to enable them to migrate from just being an
executive to an executive board member.

The Board should spend more time on strategy.

There should be an efficient way of handling issues which are discussed at multiple Committees and Board.

CELP needs to be properly planned and calendarized throughout the year.

The Board should spend more time on assessing business performance and challenging management
in this regard.

2.
Previous year s observations and actions taken: Eight observations had emanated from the Board performance
evaluation for fiscal 2025. These related to:

Making the agenda notes for Board and Committees concise without compromising on the material
information for better prioritization and focussed discussions.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Issues such as strategic oversight on business performance, market trends and underperforming areas, be
given priority.

Focus and identify issues in enhancing financial inclusion and not just priority sector lending.

Drive programs to enhance risk and compliance culture across all levels and explore advanced tech tools and
AI for early detection in fraud-prone areas.

CSR Committee to consider periodic site visits to assess on-ground effectiveness of CSR efforts.

Focus on grievance handling to reduce escalations to internal ombudsmen.

Integrate ESG and climate agenda into long-term strategy.

Common agenda items being placed to multiple Board Committees that oversee assurance functions be
discussed in a joint meeting which is attended by the members of all those Committees.

The Bank has acted upon the said observations, which have been reviewed by the NRC and the Board.

3.
Proposed actions based on current year observations: The Bank has accepted all the observations made by the
Board emanating from the Board performance evaluation for fiscal 2026. The status of compliance with the said
observations will be reviewed by the NRC and the Board during the course of fiscal 2027.
VI. Remuneration Policy

The Bank s remuneration practices are underpinned by principles of meritocracy and fairness. The Bank strives to
maintain strong focus in the areas of compensation governance and ensures the compensation systems are in line
with emerging compensation regulations as applicable. The remuneration system strives to maintain the ability to
attract, retain, reward and motivate talent in order to enable the Bank to attain its strategic objectives within the
increasingly competitive context in which IT operates. The Bank s pay-for-performance approach strives to ensure
that both internal and external equity are in line with the emerging market trends.

The Bank has formulated and adopted a remuneration policy for Non-Executive Chairperson and Non-Executive
Directors of the Bank which provides guidelines for payment of remuneration to the Non-Executive Chairperson and
Non-Executive Directors of the Bank.

The Bank has also formulated a remuneration policy for Managing Director & CEO, Whole-Time Directors, material
risk takers, control function staff and other employees of the Bank, in terms of the provisions of the Act, SEBI
Listing Regulations and RBI (Commercial Banks - Governance) Directions, 2025. This remuneration policy, inter alia,
contains guidelines relating to compensation structure consisting of fixed pay, variable pay, employee stock options,
compensation revision cycle and framework regarding malus / clawback. During fiscal 2026, the Board reviewed both
the policies and amended the Remuneration Policy for its Non-Executive Chairman and Non-Executive Directors,
inter alia, to align with extant laws.

The above policies are available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/
corporate-governance.

The remuneration paid to all the employees / Managing Director & CEO / Whole-Time Directors of the Bank, for
fiscal 2026, is in accordance with the aforesaid remuneration policy.

Corporate Governance
VII. Remuneration of Directors
Executive / Whole-Time Directors
The details of remuneration paid to Managing Director & CEO, erstwhile Deputy Managing Director and Executive
Directors during fiscal 2026, is as under:
Particulars
Amitabh Chaudhry
31.03.2026]
Rajiv Anand
03.08.2025]1
Subrat Mohanty
31.03.2026]
Munish Sharda
31.03.2026]
Neeraj Gambhir
[20.10.2025 to
31.03.2026]2
Salary (Basic)
50,522,928
10,159,369
25,211,268
10,182,113
Leave fare concession facility
999,996
187,767
549,996
259,165
House rent allowance
14,034,144
3,352,591
8,319,720
3,426,956
Variable pay (2024-25)
10,604,177
11,384,001
10,049,552
7,235,677
9,811,110
Variable pay (2023-24)
3,456,265
3,943,808
3,227,339
3,083,989
3,157,834
Variable pay (2022-23)
3,300,000
3,712,500
2,743,291
3,149,981
2,298,777
Variable pay (2021-22)
3,264,000
3,638,000
1,982,843
1,273,664
2,420,744
Superannuation allowance / fund
5,052,292
1,015,939
2,521,128
978,884
Utility allowance
375,000
45,065
132,000
59,258
Perquisites* (excluding ESOP)
11,378,863
5,917,143
5,259,158
5,219,307
999,320
Other allowances
-
1,036,035
1,298,000
326,152
-
Provident fund (Bank s Contribution)
12% of Basic
12% of Basic
12% of Basic
12% of Basic
12% of Basic
Gratuity
completed year
of service
1 Retired as Whole-Time Director (designated as Deputy Managing Director) of the Bank w.e.f. the close of business hours of
3 August, 2025.
2 Appointed as an Executive Director of the Bank w.e.f. 20 October, 2025.
* Perquisites (evaluated as per Income Tax Rules, wherever applicable, or otherwise at actual cost to the Bank) such as Bank s furnished
accommodation, electricity, water and furnishings, club fees, personal accident insurance, loans, use of car and telephone at residence,
medical reimbursement, travelling and halting allowances, newspapers and periodicals and others were provided in accordance with
the Rules of the Bank.
1.
Amitabh Chaudhry, Rajiv Anand, Subrat Mohanty and Munish Sharda were granted 262,685, 185,537,
158,886 and 108,377 stock options, respectively, for fiscal 2025. The approval for the grants were received
from the RBI in fiscal 2026.
The stock options were granted at ₹1,207.1 per share which was the closing market price prevailing on the
day prior to the date of grant on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (the NSE ).
The vesting schedule for the said stock options is spread over four years @ 25% every year (commencing on
expiry of one year from the date of grant).
2.
The Bank as a policy, does not pay any severance fees to its Whole-Time Directors. The tenure of
the office of Whole-Time Directors is for a period of three years from the date of their respective
appointment / re-appointment, as approved by the RBI and the same can be terminated by either party by
giving three months notice in writing. The termination of services shall be in compliance with the provisions
of Section 35B of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.
3.
The Whole-Time Directors of the Bank are not entitled to receive any sitting fees from the Bank or from its
subsidiary companies, for attending meetings of the Board and its Committees. Further, they do not receive
any remuneration from any of the subsidiary companies of the Bank.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

4.
The proposals for revision in remuneration of Amitabh Chaudhry, Subrat Mohanty and Munish Sharda were
approved by the members of the Bank at the 31st AGM. All the proposals were passed as ordinary resolutions
which received 99.29% of votes in favour of the proposal. The proposal for appointment of Neeraj Gambhir
for a period of three years w.e.f. 20 October, 2025 up to 19 October, 2028 and his remuneration was approved
by the members of the Bank vide postal ballot on 18 January, 2026 and was passed as an ordinary resolution
which received 98.77% of votes in favour of the proposal.

Independent / Nominee Directors

The remuneration framework for the Independent and Nominee Directors of the Bank has been meticulously
structured to ensure compliance with regulatory standards and to recognize the vital contribution of these
Directors towards the governance and strategic direction of the Bank.

Sitting Fees: All the Independent and Nominee Directors of the Bank were paid sitting fees of ₹100,000 for every
meeting of the Board, NRC, ACB, COD, CSC, RMC and ITDSC attended by them. In respect of meetings of other
Committees of the Board, they were paid sitting fees of ₹75,000 for every meeting attended by them. Further,
all the Independent Directors of the Bank were paid sitting fees of ₹100,000 for attending every meeting of the

Fixed Remuneration: In accordance with the RBI (Commercial Banks - Governance) Directions, 2025, as amended
from time to time, the Bank paid fixed remuneration to its Non-Executive Directors (except the Independent
Part-time Chairman) within the limit of ₹27 lakhs as approved by the members of the Bank.

Reimbursements and other Entitlements: All Directors are eligible for reimbursement of expenses incurred while
performing their official duties. The Bank does not grant stock options to its Independent or Nominee Directors.

Non-Executive Part-time Chairman: In addition to sitting fees and remuneration, N. S. Vishwanathan,
Non-Executive Part-time Chairman, is entitled to use of Bank s car for official and private purposes, travel, stay and
other expenses for official purposes.

Payment of Remuneration to Non-Executive (Nominee of LIC, Promoter) Director: The sitting fees to
Mini Ipe was paid to her, whereas fixed remuneration was paid to Life Insurance Corporation of India ( LIC ), as
per advice from LIC.

There were no other pecuniary relationships or transactions of Non-Executive Directors vis-a-vis the Bank (except
banking transactions in the ordinary course of business and on arm s length basis) during fiscal 2026.

The details of the remuneration paid to Independent Directors and Nominee Director during fiscal 2026, are
as under:

Name of the Directors
Designation
Sitting Fees
Fixed Remuneration
1.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
3,600,000
3,500,000
2.
Girish Paranjpe
Independent Director
5,200,000
2,700,000
3.
Meena Ganesh
Independent Director
4,850,000
2,700,000
4.
G. Padmanabhan
Independent Director
3,200,000
2,700,000
5.
Prof. S. Mahendra Dev1
Independent Director
875,000
487,500
P. N. Prasad
Independent Director
4,350,000
2,700,000
7.
CH SS Mallikarjunarao
Independent Director
3,975,000
2,700,000
8.
Mini Ipe
Non-Executive Nominee Director
5,475,000
2,700,000
9.
Pranam Wahi
Independent Director
4,350,000
2,656,667
10.
Malavika R. Harita2
Independent Director
825,000
719,086
Total
36,700,000
23,563,253

1 Resigned as an Independent Director of the Bank w.e.f. the close of business hours of 5 June, 2025.

2 Appointed as an Independent Director of the Bank w.e.f. 18 December, 2025.

Corporate Governance
VIII. Fees paid to Statutory Auditors

The details of fees for all services availed by the Bank and its subsidiary companies, on a consolidated basis, from
the Joint Statutory Auditors, M/s. M M Nissim & Co. LLP and M/s. KKC & Associates LLP and all entities in the
network firm / network entity of which the aforesaid Joint Statutory Auditors are part thereof, during fiscal
2026, is as under:

Particulars
Amount1
1.
Audit Fees
49,500,000
2.
Fees for certification and other attest services2
18,897,851
3.
Non-Audit Fees
-
Total
68,397,851

1 The above fees excludes taxes, clerkage fees and out-of-pocket expenses.

2 The services of the Statutory Auditors have been obtained during the normal course of business for compliance with statues and the
guidelines of various regulators like SEBI, RBI etc., which specifically require the statutory auditor to undertake these activities and are
not in the nature of management assurance. These also includes fees paid for services rendered in connection with update of the Bank s
MTN Program document.

3 No services have been availed by the subsidiaries of the Bank from any of the Joint Statutory Auditors.

4 The said fees have been reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee of the Bank.
IX. Details of utilisation of funds raised through Preferential Allotment or Qualified Institutional Placement

During fiscal 2026, the Bank has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutional
placement of equity shares pursuant to Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
X. Disclosure in terms of the sexual harassment of women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013

The Bank has formulated and adopted a policy on prevention of sexual harassment at workplace (the policy ) and
takes all necessary measures to ensure a harassment-free workplace. The Bank believes that all employees, including
other individuals who are dealing with the Bank have the right to be treated with dignity. The abridged version of the
policy is available on the Bank s website at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance.

A Central Internal Committee ( CIC ) has been instituted for redressal of complaints and to prevent sexual harassment.
Additionally, four Regional Internal Committees ( RIC ) have been constituted to facilitate investigations at four
regions (north, south, east and west) of the Bank.

The CIC is empowered to take appropriate disciplinary action against the employee(s) who is found to have violated
the norms prescribed under the said policy.

The following is the summary of sexual harassment complaints received, pending and disposed of by the Bank,
during fiscal 2026:
Particulars
Number of complaints pending at the start of the fiscal year
Number of complaints of sexual harassment filed during the fiscal year
Number of complaints disposed of during the fiscal year
Number of complaints pending as on the end of the fiscal year
Number of cases pending for more than 90 days

Number of workshops / awareness programmes conducted against sexual harassment: 43

Nature of action taken by the Employer or District Officer: As per the Bank s Code of Conduct & Ethics.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
XI. Employee Accidental Deaths

During fiscal 2026, there was no instance of employee accident or accidental death at workplace.
XII. Whistleblower Policy & Vigil Mechanism

The Whistleblower channel provides a secure way for employees for reporting serious concerns such as fraud,
corruption, misappropriation of funds, accounting irregularities, violations of laws or internal policies, etc.

This Whistleblower policy (the policy ) gives Whistleblower(s) a platform to report their concerns / grievances without
fear of retribution or vengeful action from the persons against whom the Protected Disclosure was submitted, in
addition to providing for requisite actions to be taken on a Protected Disclosure being received by the Bank.

Complete protection is given to the Whistleblower against retaliation or retribution consequent upon his / her having
reported a Protected Disclosure. In the event the Whistleblower experiences any such incidents, the Whistleblower
should immediately report the same as specified in the policy. The Bank will take steps to minimize difficulties that
a Whistleblower may face in the submission of a Protected Disclosure. If the offences are committed by senior
management, the policy enables the Banks staff to request concerns to the ACB.

The Bank s policy meets the requirements with all the applicable rules and regulations, including (a) Act, (b) SEBI Listing
Regulations, (c) the RBI scheme on Protected Disclosures Scheme for Private Sector and Foreign Banks , and RBI
Master Directions on Fraud Risk Management in Commercial Banks (including Regional Rural Banks) and All India
Financial Institutions.

To ensure smooth flow and management of complaints under the policy, a web-based application -
https://whistleblower.axis.bank.in is available for filing protected disclosures, including anonymous whistleblower
complaints containing specific and verifiable information, without fear of revelation of identity. The policy contains
provisions for protecting whistleblowers from any unfair action prejudicial to their interest.

The Bank has not denied access to any of its employees to the Chairman of the ACB. The policy contains adequate
provisions for protecting whistleblowers from unfair termination and other unfair prejudicial and employment practices.

A quarterly report on the findings under the said policy is submitted to the ACB for information.

Total whistleblower complaints received by the Bank in fiscal 2026: 607.

No. of whistleblower complaints pending resolution as on 31 March, 2026: 172.

The details of the abridged version of the policy are available on the Bank s website at https://www.axis.bank.in/
code-of-commitment.
XIII. Subsidiary Companies

As on 31 March, 2026, the Bank does not have any unlisted Indian subsidiary company, which could be deemed to
be a material subsidiary, in terms of Regulation 16(1)(c) read with Regulation 24(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. All
matters relating to subsidiary governance is overseen by the Board and Board Committees and operationalized under
the aegis of Subsidiary Governance Committee ( SGC ) of the Bank. The SGC meets at least once every quarter and
further as and when required.

The minutes of the meetings of the Board of all unlisted subsidiary companies of the Bank are tabled at the meetings
of the Board of the Bank. The minutes of the meetings of the ACB of unlisted subsidiary companies of the Bank
are tabled at the meetings of the ACB of the Bank. A snapshot of the customer complaints which are received by
subsidiary companies of the Bank along with the remedial measures are placed before the CSC of the Bank.

ACB reviews the investments made by subsidiaries. Further, IT also evaluates the statement of all significant
transactions and arrangements entered by subsidiary companies and the compliances of each materially significant
subsidiary on a periodic basis.

Corporate Governance

The RBI has identified Axis Group as a Financial Conglomerate ( FC ) under the Inter Regulatory Forum ( IRF )
mechanism which necessitates continuous oversight on subsidiary companies. The oversight on Bank s subsidiaries
is an essential element for the implementation of well aligned corporate governance principles across group entities.
IT assists in integration of One Axis theme of the Bank, by sharing uniform practices across the Group and building
up synergy in common practices thereby creating value and investor confidence.

The Bank has put in place a comprehensive subsidiary engagement framework encompassing functional alignment
in multiple areas viz. Risk, Compliance, Audit, Finance, Corporate Secretarial, Human Resources, Information
Technology and Legal as well as more integrative domains viz. Cyber Security, Brand Usage and Marketing, Corporate
Communication and Ethics with the end objective of delivering One Axis across the Group.
XIV. Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries

As required under Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank has formulated and adopted a
policy for determining material subsidiaries (the policy ). During the year, the policy was reviewed by the RMC
and the Board, in line with extant laws. The same policy has been hosted on the website of the Bank at
XV. Directors and Officers Insurance

The Bank has a Directors and Officers Insurance policy in place which protects the Directors and Officers of the
Bank from any claims for any actual or alleged breach of their fiduciary duties.
XVI. Insider Trading

The Bank has a securities dealing code and the code of practices and procedures for fair disclosure of unpublished
price sensitive information ( UPSI ) of the Bank, in line with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,
2015 (the Insider Trading Regulations ), as amended from time to time.

The securities dealing code of the Bank comprises of Chapter A which is applicable to designated persons and their
immediate relatives for trading in securities of the Bank and Chapter B which is applicable to persons designated for
restricted list and their immediate relatives for trading in securities of Listed Client Companies ( LCC ) and units of
schemes of Client Mutual Fund ( CMF ).

The Bank in the ordinary course of its business, is likely to be entrusted with UPSI by LCC & CMF, hence IT is expected
to discharge its fiduciary obligations by maintaining confidentiality of such UPSI, in the interest of such LCC & CMF,
and in compliance with the Insider Trading Regulations. The Compliance Officer has taken necessary steps to restrict
the persons designated under restricted list from trading in securities of such LCCs and units of schemes of CMFs.

The Bank has adequate and effective systems, internal controls and processes, to ensure compliance with the
provisions of the securities dealing code, the code of practices and procedures for fair disclosure of UPSI and the
Insider Trading Regulations. The Bank conducts awareness programmes and circulates Do s and Dont s, for the
designated persons, from time to time. During fiscal 2026, the Board also reviewed and approved amendments to
the said codes, in line with the extant laws.

The Compliance Officer of the Bank provides violation reports to the ACB on a quarterly basis. On an annual basis,
ACB reviews the compliance with the provisions of Insider Trading Regulations and verifies that the systems for
internal control are adequate and are operating effectively.

The Bank has also formulated and adopted the policy for determination of materiality of events / information (the
policy ), in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. During fiscal 2026, the Board reviewed and
approved the amendments to the policy, in line with the extant laws.

The policy for determination of materiality of events / information and the code of practices and procedures for
fair disclosure of UPSI of the Bank have been uploaded on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/
shareholders-corner/corporate-governance in compliance with the said Regulations.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
XVII. Compliance Certificate

Pursuant to Regulation 17(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, a quarterly confirmation on laws applicable to the
Bank is obtained from the relevant heads of departments by the compliance department. A report duly signed by
the Chief Compliance Officer of the Bank confirming compliances with applicable laws, is placed before the ACB
and the Board on a quarterly basis.
XVIII. CEO & CFO Certification

A certificate issued by Amitabh Chaudhry, Managing Director & CEO, and Puneet Sharma, Chief Financial Officer
of the Bank, for fiscal 2026, was placed before the Board at its meeting held on 25 April, 2026, in terms of
Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The said certificate is attached as Annexure 1 to this report.
XIX. Directors E-KYC

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the MCA ) vide amendment to the Companies (Appointment and Qualification
of Directors) Rules, 2014, mandated registration of KYC of all the Directors through e-form DIR-3 KYC Web. All
Directors of the Bank have complied with the aforesaid requirement.
XX.
Other Disclosures

Related Party Transactions

All related party transactions ( RPTs ) and subsequent modifications, if any, thereto are placed before the ACB
for review and approval. Prior omnibus approval is obtained for RPTs for transactions which are of repetitive
nature and entered in the ordinary course of business and are at arm s length. RPTs executed pursuant to requisite
approvals, are reviewed on a quarterly basis.

During fiscal 2026, the Bank has not entered into any materially significant transactions with its related parties
which could lead to potential conflict of interest between the Bank and these parties, other than transactions
entered into with them in the ordinary course of its business.

The policy on related party transactions is available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/
shareholders-corner/corporate-governance.

Particulars of Senior Management

As of 31 March, 2026, the Bank had following senior management personnel as defined under Regulation 16(1)(d)
of the SEBI Listing Regulations
Name
Designation
Anand Viswanathan
Group Chief Risk Officer
Anoop Manohar
Marketing and Corporate Communications
Anuranjan Kumar
Group Chief Compliance Officer
Arnika Dixit
Affluent Business, Cards and Payments
Bipin Saraf
Bharat Banking
Kedar Joshi
Group Chief Audit Executive
Prashant Joshi
Chief Credit Officer
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Rajkamal Vempati
Human Resources
Sameer Shetty
Digital Business and Transformation & Strategic Programs
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Vijay Mulbagal
Wholesale Banking Coverage & Sustainability

Corporate Governance

Changes in Senior Management

During fiscal 2026, following were the changes in the senior management personnel of the Bank:
Name of Employee
Designation
Date of change
Type of change
1.
Sameer Shetty
Digital Business and Transformation & Strategic Programs
1. April, 2025
Appointment
2.
Bipin Saraf
Bharat Banking
1. April, 2025
Appointment
3.
Bimal Bhattacharyya
Interim Chief Audit Executive
23. June, 2025
Cessation
4.
Kedar Joshi
Group Chief Audit Executive
23. June, 2025
Appointment
5.
Anoop Manohar
Marketing and Corporate Communications
4. August, 2025
Appointment
6.
Arjun Chowdhry
Affluent Banking, Retail Lending, NRI, Cards and Payments
31 August, 2025#
Cessation
7.
Arnika Dixit
Affluent Business, Cards and Payments
1. September, 2025
Appointment
8.
Neeraj Gambhir
Treasury & Markets and Wholesale Banking Products
19 October, 2025*
Cessation
9.
Amit Talgeri
Chief Risk Officer
31 December, 2025#
Cessation
10.
Anand Viswanathan
Group Chief Risk Officer
1. January, 2026
Appointment

* Neeraj Gambhir has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Bank for a period of three years w.e.f. 20 October, 2025 up to
19 October, 2028 (both days inclusive) and consequently ceased to be a senior management personnel of the Bank w.e.f. close of the
business hours of 19 October, 2025.

# Ceased w.e.f. the close of business hours of the respective dates as mentioned.

Transactions of Senior Management

The members of the senior management of the Bank have affirmed that they have not entered into any material,
financial or commercial transaction wherein they have personal interest and which may potentially conflict with the
interest of the Bank at large.

Instances of Non-Compliance

There were no instances of non-compliance by the Bank or penalties and strictures imposed by the stock exchange(s)
or SEBI or other statutory authorities on any matter related to capital markets during the last three years,
except the following:

SEBI had carried out inspection of the Designated Depository Participant ( DDP ) activities of the Bank for
fiscal 2021. During the inspection, SEBI observed that the designated Compliance Officer was undertaking
operational activity by acting as a checker, there was no employee other than the Compliance Officer for carrying
out DDP operations from April 2021 to June 2021. SEBI also observed that there were discrepancy in the report
of DDP and NSDL, operational manual was not updated, KYC review was not done for two clients and fees were
collected from FPI prior to receipt of application. In view of the above, SEBI issued an administrative warning on
9 March, 2023, which was received by the Bank on 21 April, 2023. The Bank has taken corrective actions and
submitted its response to SEBI on 27 April, 2023.

SEBI carried out inspection of the Custodian activities of the Bank for fiscal 2022 and issued administrative
warning on 28 August, 2023 based on the observations made during the inspection. The Bank has taken
necessary actions and submitted its response to SEBI on 12 September, 2023.

(iii) SEBI has issued letter dated 4 February, 2025 to the Bank as a DDP on advisory on timely submission of reports
through SEBI Intermediary Portal. There were two instances of delay in filing of report on SEBI SI portal as
mentioned in SEBI advisory letter. In both the instances initial report filing was done by CCMO / DDP Team
within the SEBI specified deadline on SEBI SI Portal. In one instance, after consultation with SEBI on approach
/ criteria the report was revised and in coordination with SEBI and after re-opening of SI Portal by SEBI, the
report was refiled on SEBI portal (post due date). In another instance, based on internal audit department
observation, the report was revised and refiled on SEBI SI portal (post due date) after requesting and re-opening
of SI Portal by SEBI. While re-opening the SI Portal by SEBI in December 2024, no objections were raised by
SEBI, however, subsequently SEBI has sent a letter dated 4 February, 2025 advising Bank not to repeat instance
of filing of periodic reports with a delay for the month of January 2025 and onwards. An additional check by
way of the concurrent audit (external auditor) has been put in place who will independently validate the report
prior to filing of report on SEBI SI Portal.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

(iv) SEBI had carried out inspection of the Depository Participant ( DP ) activities of the Bank in July 2024 and
issued deficiency letter on 31 December, 2024 (the letter was recalled by SEBI and revised letter was received on
20 February, 2025 with same date of 31 December, 2024) based on the observations made during the inspection.
The Bank has taken necessary actions and submitted its response to SEBI on 18 March, 2025.

SEBI carried out inspection of the Custodian activities of the Bank for fiscal 2025 in February 2026 and issued
advisory letter on 27 March, 2026. The advisory is related to two instances wherein SEBI has observed lack of
detailed documentation in the Custody operations manual. The Bank has taken necessary actions and submitted
its response to SEBI on 24 April, 2026.

Certificate on non-disqualification of Directors

M/s. Bhandari & Associates, Company Secretaries, Secretarial Auditors has certified that none of the Directors of
the Bank have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as a director of the Bank by SEBI /
MCA or any other statutory / regulatory authority. The said certificate is annexed to the Board s report.

Compliance with governance norms

The Bank is in compliance with Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D
and E of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, the Bank has also complied with all the mandatory
requirements, as prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to corporate governance.

Except for sending half-yearly financial results to the shareholders, the Bank has adopted all the other non-mandatory
requirements mentioned in Part E of the Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, detailed as under:

Maintenance of Chairperson s office at the Bank s expense and reimbursement of expenses incurred by the
Non-Executive Chairperson in performance of his duties.

Separate post of Chairperson and Managing Director & CEO.

(iii) Regime of financial statements with unmodified audit opinion.

(iv) Chief Audit Executive directly reporting to the ACB.

(vi) Holding at least two meetings of Independent Directors in a financial year, without the presence of
Non-Independent Directors and members of the management.

The Bank has obtained a certificate from its Joint Statutory Auditors, M M Nissim & Co. LLP (Registration No.
107122W / W100672), Chartered Accountants, Mumbai, confirming that the Bank has complied with the provisions
of Corporate Governance for fiscal 2026, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation
46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The said certificate is annexed at the
start of this report.

The Bank has not been informed of any agreement under Regulation 30A(1) read with clause 5A of paragraph A of
Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations during fiscal 2026. Accordingly, there is no requirement for
disclosing the same.

Codes of Conduct

The Board has formulated and adopted the code of conduct and conflict of interest norms for the Board of Directors,
and the code of conduct and ethics of the Bank, in terms of Regulation 17(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations relating
to corporate governance together referred to as the codes.

Corporate Governance

The code of conduct and ethics of the Bank reflects the Bank s commitment to integrity and the highest standards
of ethical practices. IT defines the standards of conduct that is expected of all employees in order that the right
decisions are taken in performing their roles and responsibilities across various functions in the Bank.

The code of conduct and ethics of the Bank is intended to be the charter for day-to-day work, to enable employees
to make the right decisions and, therefore, serves to (1) underline the fundamental commitment to compliance with
regulatory guidelines and laws of the land, and (2) set forth basic parameters of ethical and acceptable social behavior.

The Bank s core values have been articulated as: customer centricity, ethics, transparency, teamwork and ownership
and these define the manner in which we deal with our stakeholders.

Every employee annually affirms to abide by the code of conduct and ethics of the Bank. Further, the aforesaid codes
require employees, including the senior management of the Bank, to maintain highest levels of professional and
personal integrity to avoid situations in which an individual s personal interest may conflict with either the interest
of the Bank or that of its stakeholders. Prior approvals are required to be sought before accepting any position of
responsibility, with or without remuneration, in any other organisation.

The said codes have been hosted on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/
corporate-governance in compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The certificate issued by the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank confirming that all the Directors and members of
the senior management of the Bank have affirmed compliance with the said codes as applicable to them is attached
as Annexure 2 to this report.

Compliance

The Bank has a Governance Compliance Manager ( GCM ) system in place to track and monitor the implementation
of Regulations applicable to the Bank.

The changes in regulatory guidelines or new regulatory guidelines are tracked and updated in GCM system. These
are then disseminated along with action points to the respective units / departments for implementation.

The compliance department conducts independent assessment of status of compliance as well as compliance risk for
all the units across the Bank & reports to the ACB as well as to the Board, at regular intervals.

Sustainability

The Bank continues to embed material ESG considerations into its long term value creation strategy for stakeholders.
As the first Indian bank to constitute an ESG Committee of the Board in 2021, the Bank has been able to integrate
diverse ESG related initiatives under a cohesive governance framework. Its purpose - banking for an equitable and
inclusive economy, thriving communities, and a healthier planet - guides its approach as a responsible financial
institution. Under the oversight of the ESG Committee, the Bank is strengthening its business practices in line with the
global climate agenda and the Sustainable Development Goals. Key policies, including the ESG Policy for Lending and
the Sustainable Financing Framework, provide structured oversight for sustainable financing and risk management.
The Bank continues to report its ESG performance in alignment with leading international frameworks such as the
Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Standards, the Integrated Reporting ( IR ) Framework, and the Taskforce on Climate-
related Financial disclosures ( TCFD ) recommendations. During fiscal 2026, the Bank reviewed its electric vehicle
( EV )lending portfolio in line with the guidance of the ESG Committee and revised its commitment targets for the
two-wheeler and four-wheeler. The revised targets were determined following a comprehensive assessment of the
Bank s EV lending performance and in consideration of the Government s continued policy impetus for the sector.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Vendor Processes and Supplier Code of Conduct

The Bank follows a vendor onboarding policy outlining the vendor identification and selection processes. A vendor
onboarding platform is integrated on the website of the Bank that provides them with a fair opportunity to apply
to the Bank with their respective proposals. Post receipt of such application of interest, the vendors are evaluated
for selection based on the principles and processes formulated.

The Bank has also formulated a Supplier Code of Conduct (the Code ) which aims to articulate the minimum
standards of conduct and ethical principles that the Bank expects all its suppliers to imbibe and comply with.

The Code provides for reporting of concerns by suppliers. The Bank has also developed an online mechanism for
reporting of concerns by its suppliers. With this practice, the Bank lays the foundation for building and retaining
business relationships based on ethical values to realize sustainable economic, social and environmental benefits.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
(DIN: 09568559)
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

Corporate Governance
Annexure 1
CEO / CFO CERTIFICATION AS PER REGULATION 17(8) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
The Board of Directors
In terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we certify that:
We have reviewed the audited financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended
31 March, 2026 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

These financial statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain
statements that might be misleading;

These financial statements together present a true and fair view of the Bank s affairs and are in compliance with
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Bank during the year that are
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Bank s code of conduct.
We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have
evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Bank pertaining to financial reporting and we have
disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls,
if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to
the audited financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of
the management or an employee having a significant role in the Bank s internal control system over
financial reporting.
Amitabh Chaudhry
Puneet Sharma
Managing Director & CEO
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure 2
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST NORMS IN RESPECT
OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS OF THE BANK, FOR THE
FISCAL 2026
I confirm that for the year under review, all the Directors and members of the senior management of the Bank, have
affirmed compliance with the said codes, as applicable to them.

Amitabh Chaudhry

Managing Director & CEO
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

Corporate Governance
General Shareholder Information
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI Listing Regulations )]
Contact Information
Registered Office
Corporate Office
Registrar to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent
[CIN: L65110GJ1993PLC020769]
Trishul , 3rd Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar Temple,
Ahmedabad - 380 006,
Gujarat
Tel. no.: +91 79 6630 6161
Website: www.axis.bank.in
Axis House ,
Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli,
Mumbai - 400 025,
Maharashtra
Tel. no.: +91 22 2425 2525
Fax no.: +91 22 2425 1800
Website: www.axis.bank.in
Kfin Technologies Limited ( KFIN )
Unit: Axis Bank Limited
Selenium Building, Tower - B,
Plot nos. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500 032,
Telangana
Tel. no.: +91 40 7961 5565
Toll free no.: 1800 3094 001
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Debenture Trustees
Depository for Global Depository Receipts
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited
Universal Insurance Building, Ground Floor,
Sir P. M. Road, Fort,
Mumbai - 400 001,
Maharashtra
Tel. no.: +91 22 4080 7000
Email: itsl@idbitrustee.com
Website: www.idbitrustee.com
SBICAP Trustee Company Limited
Mistry Bhavan, 4th Floor,
122 Dinshaw Vachha Road,
Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020,
Maharashtra
Tel. no.: +91 22 4302 5555
Email: enquiry@sbicaptrustee.com
Website: www.sbicaptrustee.com
The Bank of New York Mellon ( BNYM )
240. Greenwich Street
New York - 10286,
United States
Tel. no.: +1 212 495 1784
Website: www.adrbnymellon.com
32nd Annual General Meeting ( 32nd AGM )
Dividend
Day / Date / Time
Friday, 31 July, 2026, 10:00 a.m.
Dividend Amount
₹1 per share
Mode
Video Conferencing
Record Date
Friday, 10 July, 2026
E-voting Dates
Monday, 27 July, 2026 (9:00 a.m.) to
Thursday, 30 July, 2026 (5:00 p.m.)
Dividend Payment Date
The dividend, if approved, will be paid
within 30 days from the date of the
32nd AGM
Financial Year
1. April to 31 March
Meeting Calendar
Purpose
Tentative Date
Unaudited financial results (standalone and consolidated) of the Bank, for the quarter ending 30 June, 2026
Third week of July, 2026
Unaudited financial results (standalone and consolidated) of the Bank, for the quarter / half year ending
30. September, 2026
Third week of October, 2026
Unaudited financial results (standalone and consolidated) of the Bank, for the quarter / nine months ending
31. December, 2026
Third week of January, 2027
Audited financial results (standalone and consolidated) of the Bank, for the financial year ending 31 March,
Last week of April, 2027

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Listing on Stock Exchanges
Equity Shares
Details of Stock Exchange
ISIN
Stock Exchange Codes
Reuters Codes
Bloomberg Codes
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra
Website: www.bseindia.com
INE238A01034
532215
BSE - AXBK.BO
BSE - AXSB IN
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra
Website: www.nseindia.com
INE238A01034
AXISBANK
NSE - AXBK.NS
NSE - AXSB IS
The equity shares of the Bank have not been suspended from trading on the said stock exchanges or by any regulatory or
statutory authority.
Global Depository Receipts ( GDR ) / American Depository Receipts ( ADR )
Details of Stock Exchange
Stock Exchange Code
ISIN
London Stock Exchange
10 Paternoster Square,
London, EC4M 7LS,
United Kingdom
Website: www.londonstockexchange.com
AXB
US05462W1099
1.
One GDR is represented by five underlying equity shares.
2.
Allotments were made in April 2005, May 2005, July 2005 and September 2009. No GDR / ADR issuances in fiscal 2026.
3.
Outstanding as on 31 March, 2026: 99,353,105.
In terms of the second supplemental agreement dated 5 February, 2026 amending and restating the Deposit Agreement
between the Bank and BNYM, GDR holders can vote on the GDRs held by them subject to compliance with Section 12B
of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. In this regard, BNYM will issue a notice to the GDR holders specifying the record
date, timelines, instructions relating to voting, etc.
Post review of voting instruction by the Bank, BNYM shall vote on the basis of the voting instructions received by them
from the GDR holders in such manner as prescribed in the aforesaid agreement.
Debt Securities
Description
Details of Stock Exchange
Stock Exchange Code
ISIN
BSE Code
NSE Code
Non-Convertible Debt Instruments
in the form of Tier II and
Infrastructure Bonds
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra
Website: www.bseindia.com
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra
Website: www.nseindia.com
959227
AXBK27
INE238A08468
954048
AXBK26
INE238A08393
956607
AXBK27
INE238A08435
955282
AXBK26
INE238A08419
974420
AXBK32
INE238A08484
973667
AXBK31
INE238A08476
958469
AXBK28
INE238A08450
975476
AXBK34
INE238A08492
975988
AXBK34
INE238A08500
977320
AXBK35
INE238A08518

Corporate Governance
Description
Details of Stock Exchange
Stock Exchange Code
MTN Bonds
London Stock Exchange
10 Paternoster Square,
London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom
Website: www.londonstockexchange.com
AXB
Singapore Stock Exchange
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited
(SGXNet Services Operations)
2 Shenton Way, #02-02, SGX Centre 1,
Singapore - 068804
Website: www.sgx.com
-
India International Exchange (IFSC) Limited
1st Floor, Unit no. 101, The Signature,
Building no. 13B, Road 1C, Zone 1, GIFT SEZ,
GIFT City Gandhinagar, Gujarat - 382 050
Website: www.indiainx.com
-
NSE IFSC Limited
Unit no. 1201, Brigade International Financial Centre,
12th Floor, Block -14, Road 1 C, Zone 1,
GIFT SEZ, Gandhinagar, Gujarat - 382 355
Website: www.nseindia.com/nse-international-exchange/about
-
Convertible Warrants
As on 31 March, 2026, the Bank has no outstanding warrants pending for conversion.
Listing Fee
The Bank has paid annual listing fees for fiscal 2026 to the stock exchanges.
Depositories
The National Securities Depository Limited (the NSDL ) and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited (the CDSL )
are the depositories for the equity shares of the Bank. The Bank has paid annual custodian fees for fiscal 2026 to
the depositories.
Payment of Dividend
In terms of Regulation 12 and Schedule I of the SEBI Listing Regulations, every listed entity is required to mandatorily
make all payments to members, including dividend, by using any Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) approved electronic mode
of payment viz., direct credit, real time gross settlement ( RTGS ), national electronic fund transfer ( NEFT ), electronic
clearing service ( ECS ), etc. The Bank would be entitled to use the bank account details of the members available with
the depository participants / KFIN to facilitate payment through electronic mode.
All members of the Bank holding equity shares in electronic form are requested to provide details relating to their bank
account number, including nine-digit MICR code and 11-digit IFSC code, email address and mobile numbers to their
depository participants.
All members of the Bank holding equity shares in physical form are requested to provide details relating to their bank
account number, including nine-digit MICR code and 11-digit IFSC code, email address and mobile numbers to KFIN at
Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot nos. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500 032,
Telangana, by quoting their folio number in form ISR-1 and attaching copy of the bank statement duly attested by the bank
manager or original cancelled cheque leaf of the said bank account and a self-attested copy of their PAN card.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (the SEBI ) vide its master circular dated 6 February, 2026 has mandated that
holders of physical securities, whose folio(s) are not updated with any of the KYC details viz. PAN, contact details (Postal
Address with PIN and Mobile Number), bank account details and specimen signature, shall be eligible for any payment
including dividend, interest or redemption in respect of such folios, only through electronic mode. Accordingly, dividend
payable to members holding shares in physical mode, whose KYC details are not updated shall be withheld by the Bank.
Members are therefore advised to update their KYC details on priority, if not done already.
Unclaimed Dividend
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 125 read with 124(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) and the Investor
Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (the IEPF Rules ), the
Bank is required to transfer the amount of dividend lying unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive financial years from
the date of its transfer to the unpaid dividend account to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (the IEPF ).
The details of the unclaimed dividend as on 31 March, 2026 and the last date for claiming the same prior to its transfer
to the IEPF are as under:
Financial Year
Unclaimed dividend as on
31. March, 2026
Percentage to total
dividend declared
Date of declaration of
dividend
Last date for claiming dividend
prior to its transfer to the IEPF
1,549,863
0.06
20. July, 2019
25. August, 2026
No dividend declared
1,792,471
0.06
29. July, 2022
4. September, 2029
1,959,052
0.06
28. July, 2023
3. September, 2030
2,637,820
0.09
26. July, 2024
1. September, 2031
2,576,315
0.08
25. July, 2025
31. August, 2032
Total
10,515,521
Members of the Bank are requested to verify details of their unclaimed dividends in respect of fiscal 2019, fiscal 2022,
fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025 and lodge their claim with KFIN, prior to the date of its transfer to the IEPF.
Members may write to KFIN at einward.ris@kfintech.com for any assistance, in this regard.
In its endeavour to reduce the quantum of unclaimed dividend, the Bank has sent reminder in the month of June 2025 to
all the members whose dividend was lying in the unclaimed dividend account. These reminders were also supported with
requisite forms and papers to simplify the claim process and to facilitate a seamless transfer.
Further, in fiscal 2026, the Bank reached out to few contactable shareholders whose dividend was unclaimed with the
assistance of skip tracing unit of the Bank, providing guidance to them on the dividend claim process.
Transfer of underlying equity shares to the IEPF
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 124 and 125 of the Act and the relevant provisions of the IEPF Rules, the equity
shares of the Bank on which dividend has not been claimed for seven consecutive years are liable to be transferred by the
Bank to the IEPF.
The Bank has till 31 March, 2026, transferred 1,402,191 underlying equity shares to the IEPF.
As on 31 March, 2026 there are 3,21,420 shares on which dividend (declared in FY 2018-19) has remained
unpaid / unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive years. These shares shall be due for transfer to the IEPF in
September 2026.
Guidelines to claim dividends / shares transferred to IEPF
The detailed guidelines for claiming dividends / shares which have been transferred to the IEPF in accordance with
the IEPF Rules are mentioned in the investor s FAQs available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/
shareholders-corner/investor-faqs.

Corporate Governance
Dematerialisation of Shares
The equity shares of the Bank are traded on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.
No. of Folios
No. of Shares
% to Total (Shares)
Physical
2,767
2,391,064
0.08
Demat
886,974
3,105,781,574
99.92
Total
889,741
3,108,172,638
During the last three fiscal years, no equity shares of the Bank held in physical form were transferred.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank has undertaken initiatives to encourage its members holding shares in physical form to
dematerialise their holdings. Letters were sent to such members in the month of June 2025 sensitising them on the benefits
of dematerialisation.
Unclaimed Suspense Account
New share certificates issued in fiscal 2015 consequent to the sub-division of shares of the Bank having face value of
₹10/- each into five fully paid-up shares of face value of ₹2/- each, which remained unclaimed in the custody of the RTA
were transferred to Unclaimed Suspense Account of the Bank.
In terms of Regulation 39(4) read with Schedule VI of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank had sent three reminders
to the members whose physical share certificates remained unclaimed requesting them to claim their shares, before
transferring the said shares to the Unclaimed Suspense Account. The Bank vide these letters also requested the members
to update their KYC details with the RTA.
Details in accordance with Regulation 34(3) and Part F of Schedule V to the SEBI Listing Regulations are as follows:
Particulars
No. of Shareholders
No. of Shares
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the suspense account lying at
the beginning of the year
109,005
Number of shareholders who approached the Bank for transfer of shares from suspense account
3,500
Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from suspense account during the
year**
3,500
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the suspense account lying at
the end of the year
105,505
**During the year no shares were transferred to IEPF in accordance with the IEPF Rules.
Note: Voting rights on these shares were / will remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.
Distribution of Shareholding
The distribution of shareholding of the Bank as on 31 March, 2026, is detailed as under:
Category
Electronic Form
Physical Form
Total
No. of
Holders
No. of Shares
Equity
No. of
Holders
No. of Shares
Equity
No. of
Holders
No. of Shares
Equity
1.
881,660
90,123,720
2.90
2,755
2,281,258
0.08
884,415
92,404,978
2.98
2.
5001 - 10000
1,806
13,000,666
0.42
68,200
0.00
1,815
13,068,866
0.42
3.
10001 - 20000
13,650,575
0.44
41,606
0.00
136,92,181
0.44
4.
20001 - 30000
8,009,922
0.26
-
8,009,922
0.26
5.
30001 - 40000
7,745,399
0.25
-
7,745,399
0.25
6.
40001 - 50000
7,297,445
0.23
-
7,297,445
0.23
7.
50001 - 100000
29,281,534
0.94
-
29,281,534
0.94
8.
100001 and above
1,446
2,936,672,313
94.48
-
1,446
2,936,672,313
94.48
Total
886,974
3,105,781,574
99.92
2,767
2,391,064
0.08
889,741
3,108,172,638
1. The number of shareholders is based on the number of folios.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Shareholding Pattern
Category wise shareholding pattern of the Bank as on 31 March, 2026 is detailed as under:
Legends
Category
No. of Shares
Percentage
33.02
4.74
4.21
4.96
0.89
0.12
40.70
3.20
0.28
7.88
(A) Promoters
Life Insurance Corporation of India
244,860,645
7.88
Total Promoter Holding (A)
244,860,645
7.88
(B) Domestic Shareholders
Mutual Funds
1,026,415,304
33.02
Insurance
147,464,056
4.74
Banks / AIFs / NBFCs / Pension Funds
130,836,554
4.21
Indian Residents
154,035,061
4.96
Body Corporates
27,598,839
0.89
Others
3,686,137
0.12
Total Domestic Holding (B)
1,490,035,951
47.94
(C) Foreign Shareholders
FPIs / FIIs
1,265,185,571
40.70
GDRs
99,353,105
3.20
NRIs / Foreign Nationals / Foreign Companies
8,737,366
0.28
Total Foreign Holding (C)
1,373,276,042
44.18
Total
3,108,172,638
100.00
Shareholders holding more than 1% equity share capital of the Bank as on 31 March, 2026, are as under:
Name of the Shareholder
No. of Shares
Percentage
1.
Life Insurance Corporation of India
244,860,645
7.88
2.
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund through its various schemes
176,622,808
5.68
3.
SBI Mutual Fund through its various schemes
176,285,930
5.67
4.
HDFC Mutual Fund through its various schemes
152,846,955
4.92
5.
The Bank of New York Mellon, DR (GDRs)
99,353,105
3.20
6.
Nippon Mutual Fund through its various schemes
98,896,844
3.18
7.
NPS Trust through its various schemes
86,771,599
2.79
8.
Dodge and Cox International Stock Fund
66,840,650
2.15
9.
UTI Mutual Fund through its various schemes
57,906,177
1.86
10.
Government Pension Fund Global
56,074,641
1.80
11.
Kotak Mutual Fund through its various schemes
53,234,077
1.71
12.
Government of Singapore
52,746,672
1.70
13.
Mirae Asset Mutual Fund through its various schemes
43,604,384
1.40
14.
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund through its various schemes
40,620,055
1.31
15.
DSP Mutual Fund through its various schemes
37,682,258
1.21
16.
Parag Parikh Mutual Fund through its various schemes
35,685,339
1.15
17.
SBI Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
34,905,502
1.12
18.
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
33,528,702
1.08
19.
Franklin India through its various schemes
31,936,743
1.03
20.
Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund
31,728,886
1.02
1.
The above shareholding is on the basis of PAN.
2.
Sr. Nos. 2 to 11 represent the top 10 public shareholders of the Bank as on 31 March, 2026.

Corporate Governance
Credit Ratings
The details of the credit ratings obtained by the Bank in respect of all debt instruments issued by IT and outstanding as on
31 March, 2026 along with outlook are as under:
Type of
Security
ICRA
CARE Ratings
CRISIL
India Ratings
Date of
Rating
Credit
Rating
Outlook
Rating
Action
Date of
Rating
Credit
Rating
Outlook
Rating
Action
Date of
Rating
Credit
Outlook
Rating
Action
Date of
Rating
Credit
Outlook
Rating
Action
1.
Certificate of
Deposits
20-Jun-25
I. C R A
A1+
-
Reaffirmed
-
14-July-25
CRISIL
A1+
-
Reaffirmed
-
2.
Infrastructure
bond
20-Jun-25
I. C R A
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
& Assigned
22-Sep-25
C. A R E
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
14-July-25
CRISIL
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
& Assigned
29-Sep-25
IND AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
3.
Tier II
(Basel III)
20-Jun-25
I. C R A
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
22-Sep-25
C. A R E
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
14-July-25
CRISIL
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
29-Sep-25
IND AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
4.
Tier I
(Basel III)
20-Jun-25
I. C R A
AA+
Stable
Reaffirmed
-
14-July-25
CRISIL
AA+
Stable
Reaffirmed
29-Sep-25
IND AA+
Stable
Reaffirmed
5.
Fixed Deposit
20-Jun-25
I. C R A
AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
-
29-Sep-25
IND AAA
Stable
Reaffirmed
Ratings for MTN (senior unsecured) securities have been reaffirmed at Baa3 with Stable outlook by Moody s Investors
Service and BBB with Stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings.
Investor Services
KFIN has been entrusted with the task of administering all aspects relating to investor services for and on behalf of the
Bank. KFIN has appropriate systems to ensure that requisite service is provided to the investors of the Bank in accordance
with applicable corporate and securities laws as per the adopted service standards.
Investors are requested to write to the Bank or to KFIN for availing any services or may send their
correspondence / complaints to shareholders@axis.bank.in or einward.ris@kfintech.com.
Members can contact KFIN for redressal of queries by visiting https://kprism.kfintech.com for query registration through
free identity registration process. Members can submit their queries on the above website which would generate a
registration number. For accessing the status / response to the query submitted, the grievance registration number can
be used at the option click here to track your grievance after 24 hours.
Investor Correspondence / Complaints
The details of the investor complaints received and redressed by the Bank during fiscal 2026 are as under:
Received from statutory / regulatory authorities
received in fiscal 2026
unresolved as on
31. March, 2026
SEBI SCORES
Stock exchanges
NSDL / CDSL
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA )
RBI
Total no. of complaints received
Total no. of complaints redressed
The Bank had attended to all the complaints, and no complaints were pending or remained unresolved to the satisfaction of
the members as on 31 March, 2026.
During fiscal 2026, the Bank received 3,041 investor correspondence(s) as provided herein below, from its investors, capital
market intermediaries, by post, web-based query redressal system of KFIN and through emails, inter alia, in respect of the
services relating to the securities issued by the Bank:

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Nature of Correspondence
Pending as on
1. April, 2025
Received
Replied
Pending as on
31. March, 2026
Non-receipt and revalidation of dividend warrants
1,368
1,371
Change in address
Incorporation of ECS details
Change / correction in name
Change in bank mandate
Registration of nominee
Others*
1,234
1,239
Total
3,041
3,049
* Nature of correspondence in the category Others includes request for physical copy of annual report, claim for unclaimed shares / dividend,
transmission of shares, etc.
The statement highlighting the status of the investor correspondence(s) / complaint(s) received and redressed by the
Bank during fiscal 2026 was tabled at the meetings of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee / Board of Directors (the
Board ) of the Bank for their review and noting.
Process for requests related to physical shares
Pursuant to Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, the transfer, transmission and
transposition of securities of listed companies held in physical form shall be effected only in demat mode. Further, SEBI
vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25 January, 2022, has made IT mandatory for
listed companies to issue shares only in demat form while processing investor service requests viz., issue of duplicate
securities certificate, claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account, renewal / exchange of securities certificate, endorsement,
sub-division / splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates / folios, transmission
and transposition.
SEBI vide its circular no. HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated 30 January, 2026 effective from 2 April,
2026, has further strengthened the framework for investor servicing by enabling direct credit of securities into the
dematerialisation account of the investor. Under the revised framework, securities arising from investor service requests
such as issuance of duplicate certificates, transmission, transposition, claims from unclaimed suspense accounts and
corporate actions shall be directly credited in dematerialised form to the investor s demat account by the issuer company
/ RTA, after completion of the prescribed due diligence, instead of issue of physical letter of confirmation. The revised
process significantly reduces the timeline for credit of securities and eliminates risks associated with loss or misuse of
physical letter of confirmation. Further, letter of confirmation issued prior to the effective date shall remain valid for
dematerialisation within the prescribed timelines.
Accordingly, members are advised to request for such services by submitting a duly filled and signed form
ISR-4 along with documents as applicable, the format of is available on the Bank s website at https://www.axis.bank.in/
shareholders-corner/investor-faqs.
Further, SEBI vide its circular no. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated 30 January, 2026, has introduced
a special window for a period of one year from 5 February, 2026 to 4 February, 2027 for transfer and dematerialisation
of eligible physical securities that were sold or purchased prior to 1 April, 2019, with an objective to facilitate ease
of investment and secure investors rights in securities held in physical form. The window is applicable both for fresh
lodgements as well as for transfer requests which were earlier rejected, returned or not processed due to deficiencies
in documentation or process. The securities transferred under this framework shall be credited exclusively in
dematerialised form to the transferee s demat account and shall be subject to a lock-in period of one year from the date
of registration of transfer.
Shareholder Handbook / Shareholder Services
Members
are
requested
refer
investor s
handbook
available
on
Bank s
website
at
https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/investor-faqs for rights of members, procedures related to transfer,
dematerialisation, transmission, nomination in respect of shareholding, change of address, unclaimed / unpaid dividend,
refund from IEPF, updation of KYC details, etc.

Corporate Governance
Investor Awareness Initiative - Saksham Niveshak
Our Bank actively participated in the Saksham Niveshak campaign, a nationwide investor awareness initiative jointly
undertaken by SEBI and the IEPF Authority. The campaign aimed to enhance investor awareness and facilitate the claiming
of unclaimed dividends and equity shares, while promoting ease of doing investment.
As part of the campaign, the Bank undertook multiple investor outreach measures, including publication of newspaper
advertisements, dissemination of information through its official website, and social media communication, to reach
shareholders whose dividends and / or shares remained unclaimed. These communications encouraged shareholders to
update their KYC details and follow the prescribed process for claiming their entitlements. The Bank in co-ordination with
KFIN, provided guidance to shareholders, addressed their queries in a timely manner, with a view to facilitating resolution
and safeguarding investor interests.
Dispute Resolution
Arbitration Mechanism
As per SEBI master circular no. HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6 February, 2026, in case of claims or
disputes arising between the shareholders / investors of the Bank and the RTAs, the RTAs shall be subjected to the stock
exchange arbitration mechanism. The arbitration mechanism shall be initiated post exhausting all actions for resolution of
complaints including those received through SCORES portal.
Online Dispute Resolution
In terms of SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated 28 December, 2023 investors can
register their complaint in case of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market against the Bank / RTA, on Online Dispute
Resolution Portal (https://smartodr.in/login) by harnessing online conciliation and / or online arbitration. The aforesaid
circular is available on the website of the Bank. Members may access the same at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-
corner/investor-faqs.
Nomination Facility
Section 72 of the Act provides that every holder of securities of a company may at any time nominate in the prescribed
manner any person in whom the securities shall vest, in the event of death. Where the securities are held by more than one
person jointly, the joint holders may together nominate any person in whom all the rights in the securities shall vest, in the
event of death of all the joint holders.
In view of the above, the members are encouraged to avail of the nomination facility. The relevant nomination form can be
downloaded from the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/investor-faqs or members may
write to the Bank or to KFIN for the same.
Further, SEBI in its master circular no. HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6 February, 2026, prescribes
measures to streamline the transmission of securities from a nominee to the legal heir, with a view to enhancing investor
convenience and ensuring regulatory and tax alignment. SEBI has reiterated that a nominee acts as a trustee of the securities
of the deceased investor and is required to facilitate transmission to the legal heir as per the succession plan.
Please note that the nomination shall automatically be rescinded on transfer / transmission / dematerialisation of
the securities.
Green Initiatives
In terms of Rule 18 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, a company may send a copy of the
notice through electronic mode to those members who have registered their email address(es) either with their depository
participants ( DP ) or with the company. Further, as per Regulation 36(1)(a) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the listed
entity is required to send soft copies of its annual report to all those members who have registered their email address(es)
for this purpose.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
In case of members whose email address has changed and is not updated with the Bank / RTA, the aforesaid documents
would be sent to the email address available in the records of the Bank / RTA and the same shall be deemed to have
been delivered in compliance with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. Therefore, members are
requested to register their email address or any change thereof with their DP (in case of shares held in electronic form) or
with KFIN (in case of shares held in physical form) at the earliest.
Further, in terms of MCA Circular no. 03/2025 dated 22 September, 2025, the Integrated Annual Report containing the
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements for fiscal 2026, the Board s report, the Auditors report and other
documents required to be attached thereto along with the notice convening the 32nd AGM is being sent only through
electronic mode to those members who have registered their email address(es) with the KFIN or their respective DPs, as
the case may be. Accordingly, no physical copy of the notice of the 32nd AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for fiscal
2026 is being sent to members who have not registered their email address(es) with the KFIN. Further, as per Regulation
36(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank is sending, at the latest available postal address, a letter providing the
web-link, including the exact path, where complete details of the Integrated Annual Report is available to those member(s)
who have not registered their email address.
Any member who still wishes to receive a physical copy of the Integrated Annual Report is requested to write
to einward.ris@kfintech.com or shareholders@axis.bank.in quoting his / her DP ID and Client ID / folio number as the case
may be, to enable the Bank to provide physical copy of the said documents free of cost. Please note that the said documents
are also uploaded on the Bank s website at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/shareholders-information.
Means of Communication
Quarterly / Annual Results: The unaudited / audited financial results of the Bank are reviewed and approved by the
Board and disclosed to the stock exchanges in accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The results
of the Bank are simultaneously also made available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-
corner/financial-results-and-other-presentation and published in Business Standard, Mint (all editions) and Sandesh
(Ahmedabad edition), the day after they are disclosed to the stock exchanges.
Investor Presentations: Detailed presentations are published for the Bank s quarterly, half-yearly as well as annual financial
results. The Bank also arranges post quarterly earnings conference calls for market participants, which is the key platform
to share the Bank s view on various aspects related to the sector, the Bank and its financials. These presentations, audio
recordings, video recordings (if any), and transcripts of the earnings conference call are available on the website of the
Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/other-information/quarterly-results and are also intimated to the
stock exchanges within the prescribed timelines.
The Bank also holds regular interactions (meetings, roadshows, etc.) with its institutional shareholders and market
participants based on publicly available information. The Bank provides advance intimation about the quarterly earnings
conference calls and group meetings to the stock exchanges. The Bank also provides the schedule of investors / analysts
with whom interaction will take place along with the link of the presentation referred during the group meetings to the
stock exchanges in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations. During fiscal 2026 the Bank participated in 44 group
meetings and interacted with 687 investors and analysts at these group meetings.
Official Press Releases: Official press releases are available on the website of the
Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/about-us/press-releases.
Compliance Reports, Corporate Announcements, Material Information and
Updates: The Bank disseminates requisite corporate announcements under the
SEBI Listing Regulations including the quarterly shareholding pattern, corporate
governance report etc., electronically through designated portals of the stock
exchanges and on its website at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/
corporate-governance.
Quarter 1
Quarter 2
Quarter 3
Quarter 4
Analysts / Ins tu onal Investors
meets during fiscal 2026
Total 44

Corporate Governance
Integrated Annual Report: The Integrated Annual Report of the Bank containing, inter alia, the Annual Audited Financial
Statements (standalone and consolidated), the Board s Report, Auditors Report, Management Discussion and Analysis
Report and other important information is circulated to the members and others entitled thereto and is also made available
on the website of the Bank at https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/shareholders-information/annual-reports.
Letters / Emails to Investors: The Bank addressed various investor-centric letters / emails / post on social media to its
members during the year. This includes reminders for claiming unclaimed / unpaid dividend from the Bank, dematerialisation
of shares, updation of KYC, email address(es), PAN and bank account details.
Designated exclusive email address: The Bank has designated the following email address exclusively for investor servicing:
shareholders@axis.bank.in.
Shareholders Feedback Survey: During fiscal 2026, the Bank sought feedback from members on various matters relating
to investor services and annual report. The Bank has also initiated sending shareholder satisfaction survey link on a monthly
basis to all those shareholders of the Bank who had interacted with KFIN for resolution of their queries / complaints. The
Bank monitors the response received on the shareholder satisfaction survey and takes necessary steps as required.
Evaluation of RTA Services
With a view to enhance and improve shareholder experience, the Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board of the
Bank, formally adopted Guidelines to evaluate the services of Registrar & Transfer Agent of the Bank . These guidelines lay
down parameters for annual performance evaluation of the RTA. During fiscal 2026, evaluation was carried out in accordance
with the said guidelines.
General Meetings
The details of the previous three Annual General Meetings ( AGMs ) and summary of the special resolutions passed
therein, are as under:
AGM
Day and Date
Time
Location
Special Resolutions
29th
28. July, 2023
10.00
Held through
Resolution no. 4 - Appointment of N. S. Vishwanathan (DIN: 09568559) as an
30 May, 2023 up to 29 May, 2027 (both days inclusive).
Resolution no. 9 - Alteration to the Articles of Association of the Bank to insert a new
clause in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of
Non-Convertible Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2023 dated 2 February, 2023,
for appointment of a director nominated by debenture trustees in the event of default
as prescribed under Regulation 15(1)(e) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Debenture Trustees) Regulations, 1993, within one month from the date of receipt
of such nomination.
Resolution no. 10 - Borrowing / raising of funds in Indian rupees or any other
permitted foreign currency, by issue of debt securities on a private placement basis
for an amount of up to ₹35,000 crores.
30th
26. July, 2024
10:00
Held through
Resolution no. 6 - Re-appointment of Meena Ganesh (DIN: 00528252) as an
1 August, 2024 up to 31 July, 2028 (both days inclusive).
Resolution no. 7 - Re-appointment of G. Padmanabhan (DIN: 07130908) as an
28 October, 2024 up to 27 October, 2028 (both days inclusive).
Resolution no. 13 - Borrowing / raising of funds in Indian rupees / foreign currency,
by issue of debt securities on a private placement basis for an amount of up to
₹35,000 crores.
Resolution no. 14 - Raising of funds by issue of equity shares / depository receipts
and / or any other instruments or securities representing either equity shares and / or
convertible securities linked to equity shares for an amount of up to ₹20,000 crores.

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
AGM
Day and Date
Time
Location
Special Resolutions
31st
25. July, 2025
10:00
Held through
Resolution no. 8 - Enhancement of borrowing limit of the Bank up to ₹300,000
crores under Section 180 (1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Resolution no. 9 - Borrowing / raising of funds in Indian rupees / foreign currency, by
issue of debt securities on a private placement basis for an amount of up to ₹35,000
crores.
Resolution no. 10 - Raising of funds by issue of equity shares / depository receipts
and / or any other instruments or securities representing either equity shares and / or
convertible securities linked to equity shares for an amount of up to ₹ 20,000 crores.
None of the businesses proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM require passing of resolution through postal ballot.
Further, during the last three years, no resolutions have been rejected by the members.
Procedure for Postal Ballot
The postal ballot process was conducted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 110 and 108 of the Act read with
Rules 22 and 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014.
MCA vide its circulars has permitted companies to conduct postal ballots by sending the notice in electronic form.
Accordingly, physical copies of the notice along with postal ballot form and pre-paid business reply envelopes were not
sent to the members for the postal ballots conducted during the year. Members were requested to convey their assent
or dissent through remote e-voting only. Copies of the postal ballot notice were hosted on the website of the Bank,
websites of the stock exchanges (i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited) at www.bseindia.com and
www.nseindia.com, respectively, and on the website of our e-voting agency i.e., NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.
An advertisement was also published in the newspapers informing about completion of dispatch of the postal ballot notice
and other details.
Voting rights were reckoned on the paid-up value of the shares registered in the names of the members as on the cut-off date.
A Scrutinizer was appointed by the Bank for conducting the postal ballot process in a fair and transparent manner. The
Scrutinizer submitted his report to the Chairman and the results of the voting were disclosed to the stock exchanges, were
published on the websites of the Bank and of the e-voting agency, and were also displayed at the registered office and at the
corporate office of the Bank.
Details of special resolution passed through Postal Ballot during fiscal 2026, are as under:
Date of
Postal Ballot
Notice
Scrutinizer
Date of
Approval
Link for Postal Ballot
Notice and Results
Special Resolutions passed
through Postal Ballot
No. of
Votes in
Favour
No. of
Votes
Against
% of
Votes in
Favour
% of
Votes
Against
2. April, 2025
CS KVS
Subramanyam,
Practising
Company Secretary
(Membership No.
FCS 5400 and
Certificate of Practice
No. 4815), Senior
Partner of Ahalada
Rao. V and Associates
2. May, 2025
https://www.axis.
bank.in/shareholders-
corner/shareholders-
information/postal-
ballot
Re-appointment
Prof.
S.
Mahendra
Dev
(DIN
06519869)
as
Independent Director of the Bank.
2,554,290,613
26,498,790
98.9732
1.0268
18 December,
CS KVS
Subramanyam,
Practising
Company Secretary
(Membership No.
FCS 5400 and
Certificate of Practice
No. 4815), Senior
Partner of Ahalada
Rao. V and Associates
18 January,
https://www.axis.
bank.in/shareholders-
corner/shareholders-
information/postal-
ballot
1). Appointment of Neeraj Gambhir
(DIN: 00257375) as a Director
Whole-Time
Director
(designated as an Executive
Director) of the Bank and
payment of remuneration.
2,476,726,194
30,776,140
98.7726
1.2274
2) Appointment of Malavika R.
Harita (DIN: 09005600) as an
Independent Director of the
Bank.
2,505,477,577
2,024,157
99.9193
0.0807

Corporate Governance
Additional information on Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment at the ensuing AGM
The details of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment at the ensuing AGM in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the
SEBI Listing Regulations is provided in the notice of the ensuing 32nd AGM of the Bank.
Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities
The details with respect to commodity price risk in terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2018/0000000141
dated 15 November, 2018 is as follows:
1.
Risk management policy with respect to commodities including through hedging: Foreign Exchange Risk, including
bullion, is managed through Net Overnight Open Position (NOOP) limit, as specified in the Bank s market risk
management policy.

The Bank does not assume exposure to any commodity other than Gold and Silver. Exposure to Gold and Silver is
undertaken solely on a back-to-back basis to facilitate customer requirements and does not involve proprietary or
trading positions. The Bank provides pricing and hedging solutions for Gold Metal Loans (GML) to jewellery customers.
All such exposures are fully covered on a back-to-back basis with approved gold suppliers. Accordingly, the Bank did not
carry any trading positions in Gold or Silver during the year and does not have exposure to any other commodity.
2.
Exposure of the Bank to commodity and commodity risks faced by the Bank during the fiscal year is given below:

Total exposure of the Bank to commodities in INR: Nil as on 31 March, 2026.

Exposure of the Bank to various commodities: Nil as on 31 March, 2026.

Commodity risks faced by the Bank during the year and how they have been managed: The Bank did not carry any
net exposure in Gold and Silver, and does not have exposure to any other commodity.
Plant Locations
Being a banking company registered under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the provisions relating to disclosure of
details relating to plant location are not applicable to the Bank.
The Bank operates through a network of branches spread across the length and breadth of the country. As on
31 March, 2026, the Bank had a network of 6,265 branches, 3 digital banking units, 10 extension counters and
12,796 ATMs and cash recycler machines.
The list of branches is available on the website of the Bank at https://branch.axis.bank.in/.
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director and Part-time Chairman
(DIN: 09568559)
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

S. TAT U T O R Y R E P O R T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
As per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562 dated 10 May, 2021 on Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Reporting by listed entities , the Bank has published the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
(BRSR) for fiscal 2026.
Further, as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated 12 July, 2023 on BRSR Core - Framework
for Assurance and ESG disclosures for Value Chain , the BRSR Core has been externally assured by SGS India Private Limited
(SGS India) for which Reasonable Assurance was provided.
The Bank s BRSR for fiscal 2026 along with the Assurance Statement has been hosted on the Bank s website:
https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/shareholders-information/business-responsibility-report
Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report
As at 31 March, 2026

Standalone Financial Statements
Independent Auditor s Report
To
Report on the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
1.
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial Statements of Axis Bank Limited ( the Bank ), which comprise
the Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, the Standalone Profit And Loss Account, and the Standalone Cash
Flow Statement for the year ended on that date, and notes to the Standalone Financial Statements, including a summary
of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information ( the Standalone Financial Statements ).
2.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone
Financial Statements give the information required by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, as well as the Companies Act,
2013 ( the Act ) and circulars and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India ( the RBI ), in the manner so required for
banking companies and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under section
133 of the Act, read with the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021 ( AS ) and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India, of the State of Affairs of the Bank as at 31 March 2026, and its profit and its Cash Flows for
the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
3.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing ( SAs ) specified under section 143(10) of the
Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Bank, in accordance with the Code of
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) together with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act, and the Rules thereunder,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
4.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment were of most significance in our audit of the
Standalone Financial Statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
Standalone Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matters described below to be the Key Audit Matters:
Key Audit Matter
1.
As the Bank operates on core banking
solution across its branches and asset centres,
the reliability and security of Information
Technology ( IT ) systems plays a key role
in the business operations. Since large
volume of transactions are processed daily,
the IT controls are required to ensure that
applications process data as expected and
that changes are made in an appropriate
manner.
IT infrastructure is critical for smooth
functioning and accurate accounting and
financial reporting process.
In assessing the controls over the IT systems of the Bank, we involved our technology
specialists to understand the IT control environment, IT infrastructure and IT systems.
We conducted an assessment and identified key IT systems that are critical for
accounting and financial reporting process and are relevant for our audit and tested
their internal controls. In particular:

We obtained an understanding of the Bank s IT control environment and key
changes during the audit period that may be relevant to the audit;

We tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the Bank s
General IT controls over the key IT systems that are critical to accounting and
financial reporting. This included evaluation of Bank s controls for user access
management, program change management, database management, network
operations, incident management and other IT operations performed by the Bank
during the period of audit;

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Due to the pervasive nature and complexity of
the IT environment, we have ascertained key
IT systems used in financial reporting process
and its related controls as a key audit matter.

We tested key automated and manual business cycle controls and logic for system
generated reports relevant to the audit; and

We also tested compensating controls and performed alternate procedures to
assess whether there were any unaddressed IT risks that would materially impact
the financial statements.
2.
Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning on Advances (IRAC) as per the regulatory requirements
Total Loans and Advances (Net of Provision) as at 31 March 2026: INR 12,33,569.88 crore
Provision for NPAs as at 31 March 2026: INR 10,677.32 crore
Refer Schedule 9, Schedule 17(4.3) and Schedule 18(1) - Note 1.4
The Bank is required to comply with the
Master Circular issued by the Reserve Bank
of India ( RBI ) on Prudential Norms for
Income Recognition, Asset Classification and
Provisioning pertaining to Advances (the
IRAC norms ) and amendments thereto ( RBI
guidelines ) which prescribes the norms
for identification and classification of Non-
performing Assets ( NPAs ) and the minimum
provision required for such assets.
The Bank is also required to apply its
judgement to determine the identification and
provision required against NPAs considering
various quantitative as well as qualitative
factors.
As the identification of and provisioning
against NPAs requires considerable level of
management estimation, application of various
regulatory requirements and its significance
to the overall audit due to stakeholder and
regulatory focus, we have identified this as a
key audit matter.
Our audit approach included testing the design, operating effectiveness of internal
controls and substantive audit procedures in respect of income recognition, asset
classification and provisioning pertaining to advances. In particular:

We have evaluated and understood the Bank s internal control system in adhering
to the RBI guidelines;

We have analysed and understood key IT systems/ applications used and tested
the design and implementation and operational effectiveness of relevant controls
in relation to income recognition, asset classification, viz., standard, sub-standard,
doubtful and loss with reference to RBI guidelines and provisioning pertaining to
advances; and

We test checked advances to examine the validity and accuracy of the recorded
amounts, provision for NPAs, and compliance with IRAC norms of RBI.

Assessed appropriateness & the adequacy of disclosures as per RBI guidelines
relating to NPAs
Other Information
5.
The Bank s Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Bank s Annual Report but does not include the Standalone Financial Statements and our
auditor s report thereon. The Other Information included is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
auditor s report.
6.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
7.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above when IT becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated.
8.
When we read the other information, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required
to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate action as applicable under the
relevant laws and regulations.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial
Statements
9.
The Bank s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with
respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of the State of Affairs,

Standalone Financial Statements
Profit and Cash Flows of the Bank in accordance with the Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act
read with the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021, and other accounting principles generally accepted in
India and provisions of section 29 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and circulars, guidelines and directions issued
by the RBI from time to time ( RBI Guidelines ). This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the RBI Guidelines for safeguarding of the assets of the Bank
and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection of the appropriate accounting software for
ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations including those related to retention of audit logs; selection
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the
Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.
10. In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, the Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for
assessing the Bank s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Management and the Board of Directors either intends to
liquidate the Bank or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
11. The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Bank s financial reporting process.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
12. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements.
13. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

13.1. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

13.2. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Bank has adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

13.3. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the Management.

13.4. Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Bank s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone
Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
the Bank to cease to continue as a going concern.

13.5. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Financial Statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
14. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.
15. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
16. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements for the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
17. In our opinion, the Standalone Balance Sheet and the Standalone Profit and Loss account have been drawn up in
accordance with the provisions of section 29 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and section 133 of the Act and
relevant rules issued thereunder.
18. As required by sub-section (3) of section 30 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, based on our audit we report that:

18.1. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which, to the best of our knowledge and belief,
were necessary for the purpose of our audit and have found them to be satisfactory;

18.2. The transactions of the Bank, which have come to our notice during the course of our audit, have been within the
powers of the Bank; and

18.3. Since the key operations of the Bank are automated with the key applications integrated to the core banking
system, the audit is carried out centrally, as all the necessary records and data required for the purposes of our
audit are available therein. We have visited 67 branches (including credit units) to examine the records maintained
at such branches for the purpose of our audit.
19. Further, as required by Section 143(3) of the Act based on our audit we report, to the extent applicable, that:

19.1. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief
were necessary for the purposes of our audit.

19.2. In our opinion, proper books of accounts as required by law have been kept by the Bank, so far as IT appears from
our examination of those books.

19.3. The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone Profit And Loss Account, and the Standalone Cash Flow Statement
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.

19.4. In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified
under Section 133 of the Act read with the relevant rules thereunder to the extent they are not inconsistent with
the accounting policies prescribed by the RBI.

19.5. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31 March 2026 taken on record
by the Board of Directors, none of the directors are disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being appointed as a
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.

19.6. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements
of the Bank and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in Annexure A .

19.7. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with the requirements of
Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended; The Bank is a Banking Company as defined under Banking Regulation Act,
1949. Accordingly, the requirements prescribed under Section 197 of the Act, do not apply.

Standalone Financial Statements
20. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (as amended), in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us:

20.1. The Bank has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its Standalone Financial
Statements - Refer Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities to the Standalone Financial Statements.

20.2. The Bank has made provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for material foreseeable
losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts - Refer Schedule 5 and 12 read with Note No.
2.14 of Schedule 18 to the Standalone Financial Statements.

20.3. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Bank.

20.4. The Management has represented, to best of their knowledge and belief, that no funds have been advanced or
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Bank to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Bank ( Ultimate

20.5. The Management has represented, to best of their knowledge and belief, that no funds have been received by
the Bank from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Bank shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate

20.6. Based on such audit procedures, that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representation under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of
Rule 11(e), as provided under para 20.4 and 20.5 above, contain any material misstatement.

20.7. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the dividend declared and / or paid
during the year by the Bank is in compliance with Section 123 of the Act.

20.8. Based on our examination which included test checks, the Bank has used various accounting software for
maintaining its books of account which have feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has
operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of
our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with.

Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Bank as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 107122W/W100672
For KKC & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
(formerly Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP)
Firm Registration Number: 105146W/W100621
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 044577
UDIN: 26044577RMRTEV6829
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026
Gautam Shah
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 117348
UDIN: 26117348CBRZGH1088
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure A to the Independent Auditors report on the Standalone Financial Statements of Axis Bank
Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 19.6 under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements under Clause
(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ).
Opinion
1.
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements of Axis Bank
Limited ( the Bank ) as at 31 March 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the
Bank for the year ended on that date.
2.
In our opinion, the Bank has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to the
Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026,
based on the internal controls over financial reporting criteria established by the Bank considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( the Guidance Note ).
Management s responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
3.
The Bank s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal
controls over financial reporting criteria established by the Bank considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of
its business, including adherence to the Bank s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor s responsibility
4.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Bank s internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone
Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the
Standards on Auditing ( SA ), prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal
financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements. Those SAs and the Guidance Note require
that we comply with the ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements were established
and maintained and whether such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
5.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial
controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement
of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
6.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion on the Bank s internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements
7.
A bank s internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Standalone Financial
Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A bank s internal
financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements include those policies and procedures that

Standalone Financial Statements

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the Bank;

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the Bank are being made only in accordance with authorisations of Management and Directors
of the Bank; and

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or
disposition of the Bank s assets that could have a material effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements
8.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements,
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with
reference to the Standalone Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial
controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 107122W/W100672
For KKC & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
(formerly Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP)
Firm Registration Number: 105146W/W100621
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 044577
UDIN: 26044577RMRTEV6829
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026
Gautam Shah
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 117348
UDIN: 26117348CBRZGH1088
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Standalone Balance Sheet
As on 31 March , 2026
(` in Thousands)
Schedule
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Capital and Liabilities
Capital
6,216,345
6,194,738
Employees' Stock Options/Units Outstanding
1A
13,421,554
11,081,826
Reserves & Surplus
2,035,726,288
1,779,974,715
Deposits
13,358,339,715
11,729,520,224
Borrowings
2,352,706,087
1,841,465,165
Other Liabilities and Provisions
1,102,088,853
731,062,125
Total capital and liabilities
18,868,498,842
16,099,298,793
Assets
Cash and Balances with Reserve Bank of India
786,273,607
736,384,369
Balances with Banks and Money at Call and Short Notice
262,753,247
260,936,555
Investments
4,450,327,985
3,961,417,941
Advances
12,335,698,765
10,408,113,203
Fixed Assets
65,493,616
62,916,985
Other Assets
967,951,622
669,529,740
Total Assets
18,868,498,842
16,099,298,793
Contingent Liabilities
30,295,329,230
28,756,480,920
Bills for Collection
902,828,498
769,311,985
Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts
17 & 18
Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Standalone Balance Sheet
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

Standalone Financial Statements
Standalone Profit and Loss Account
(` in Thousands)
Schedule
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Income
Interest earned
1,270,322,334
1,226,770,401
Other income
261,308,471
252,570,562
Total Income
1,531,630,805
1,479,340,963
Expenditure
Interest expended
709,841,940
683,292,212
Operating expenses
393,620,784
374,999,428
18 (1.15)(e)
183,601,530
157,314,504
Total Expenditure
1,287,064,254
1,215,606,144
Net Profit For The Year (I - II)
244,566,551
263,734,819
Balance In Profit & Loss Account Brought Forward
782,380,015
602,540,556
Amount Available For Appropriation/Transfers
1,026,946,566
866,275,375
Appropriations/Transfers
Transfer to Statutory Reserve
61,141,638
65,933,705
Transfer to Capital Reserve
18 (1.1)(b)(iii)
5,065,244
2,143,457
Transfer to Special Reserve
18 (1.1)(b)(iv)
9,768,100
10,247,300
Transfer to Investment Fluctuation Reserve
18 (1.1)(b)(vii)
1,360,000
2,480,000
Dividend paid during the year
18 (2.3)
3,101,351
3,090,898
Balance carried over to Balance Sheet
946,510,233
782,380,015
Total
1,026,946,566
866,275,375
Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value `2/- Per Share)
18 (2.1)
Basic (In `)
78.82
85.28
Diluted (In `)
78.31
84.77
Significant Accounting Policies And Notes To Accounts
17 & 18
Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Standalone Profit and Loss Account
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Cash Flow Statement
(` in Thousands)
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities

Net profit before taxes

295,539,785
343,465,780
Adjustments for

Depreciation and amortisation on fixed assets, intangibles and goodwill

18,089,783
16,991,363
Mark-to-Market (gain)/loss on investments

8,752,762
(7,005,061)
Amortisation of premium/discount on investments

9,309,214
6,516,018
Provision for Non-Performing Assets (including bad debts)/Restructured assets

130,279,929
113,552,817
Provision on standard assets and other contingencies

37,770,154
2,123,792
Profit/(Loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)

(35,293)
94,480
Dividend from Subsidiaries

(150,000)
(245,813)
Employee stock options/units expense

4,435,821
4,239,758

503,992,155
479,733,134
Adjustments for

(Increase)/Decrease in investments

(73,779,604)
(128,697,328)
(Increase)/Decrease in advances

(2,057,188,684)
(873,215,213)
Increase /(Decrease) in deposits

1,628,819,491
1,043,106,304
(Increase)/Decrease in other assets

(281,203,401)
(63,156,749)
Increase/(Decrease) in other liabilities & provisions

338,242,292
111,223,567

(445,109,906)
89,260,581
Direct taxes paid (net of refunds)
(72,183,105)
(74,871,691)
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities (i)+(ii)+(iii)
(A)
(13,300,856)
494,122,024
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities

Purchase of fixed assets

(21,179,995)
(23,281,607)
(Increase)/Decrease in Held to Maturity investments

(437,573,214)
(471,701,030)
Increase in investment in Subsidiaries/Associate

(300,000)
(28,755,602)
Decrease in investment in Subsidiaries

-
3,292,773
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

479,908
112,141
Dividend from Subsidiaries

150,000
245,813
Net cash from/(used in) investing activities
(B)
(458,423,301)
(520,087,512)
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities

Proceeds from issue of subordinated debt, Additional Tier I instruments

-
Repayment of subordinated debt, Additional Tier I instruments

(8,527,500)
(8,264,500)
Increase/(Decrease) in borrowings (other than subordinated debt, Additional Tier I
instruments (net))

519,768,422
(118,387,839)
Proceeds from issue of share capital

21,607
21,597
Proceeds from share premium (net of share issue expenses)

6,787,212
6,837,089
Payment of dividend

(3,101,351)
(3,090,898)
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities
(C)
514,948,390
(122,884,551)
Effect of exchange fluctuation translation reserve
(D)
8,481,697
1,627,089

Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Thousands)
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A)+(B)+(C)+(D)

51,705,930
(147,222,950)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

997,320,924
1,144,543,874

1,049,026,854
997,320,924
Notes to the Cash Flow Statement

1.
Cash and cash equivalents includes the following

Cash and Balances with Reserve Bank of India (Refer Schedule 6)

786,273,607
736,384,369

Balances with Banks and Money at Call and Short Notice (Refer Schedule 7)

262,753,247
260,936,555

1,049,026,854
997,320,924
2. Amount of Corporate Social Responsibility related expenses spent during the year
in cash `421.66 crores (previous year `286.92 crores)
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

As on 31 March, 2026
F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 1 - Capital
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Authorised Capital
4,250,000,000 (Previous year - 4,250,000,000) Equity Shares of `2/- each
8,500,000
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Capital
3,108,172,638 (Previous year - 3,097,369,066) Equity Shares of `2/- each fully paid-up
6,216,345
6,194,738
Schedule 1A - Employees Stock Options/Units Outstanding
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Opening Balance
11,081,826
8,265,768
4,435,821
4,239,659
Deductions during the year2
(2,096,093)
(1,423,601)
Closing Balance
13,421,554
11,081,826
1.
Represents cost of employee stock options/units recognised in P&L during the year of `357.38 crores (previous year `365.79 crores) and cost
of employee stock options/units of `86.20 crores (previous year `58.18 crores) recovered from group entities
2.
Represents amount transferred to Share Premium on account of exercise of employee stock options/units and to General Reserve on lapse of
employee stock options
Schedule 2 - Reserves And Surplus
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Statutory Reserve
Opening Balance
332,590,717
266,657,012
61,141,638
65,933,705
-
Closing Balance
393,732,355
332,590,717
Capital Reserve
Opening Balance
41,439,284
39,295,827
Additions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(iii)]
5,065,244
2,143,457
-
Closing Balance
46,504,528
41,439,284
Share Premium Account
Opening Balance
533,155,613
524,974,613
8,857,826
8,181,000
Less: Share issue expenses
-
Closing Balance
542,013,439
533,155,613
Revenue And Other Reserves
(A)
Special Reserve
Opening Balance
34,430,500
24,183,200
Additions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(iv)]
9,768,100
10,247,300
-
Closing Balance
44,198,600
34,430,500

Standalone Financial Statements
As on 31 March, 2026
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
(B)
Investment Reserve Account
Opening balance
-
2,422,869
-
Deductions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(v)]
-
(2,422,869)
Closing Balance
-
(C)
General Reserve
Opening Balance
18,262,417
3,581,141
Additions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(vi)]
25,925
14,681,276
-
Closing Balance
18,288,342
18,262,417
(D)
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve [Refer Schedule 17 (4.7)]
Opening Balance
7,538,720
5,911,631
8,481,251
1,627,089
-
Closing Balance
16,019,971
7,538,720
(E)
Investment Fluctuation Reserve
Opening Balance
29,090,000
26,610,000
Additions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(vii)]
1,360,000
2,480,000
-
Closing Balance
30,450,000
29,090,000
(F)
Available For Sale (AFS) Reserve
Opening Balance
1,103,859
-
Additions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(viii)]
-
1,103,859
Deductions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(viii)]
(3,009,923)
-
Closing Balance
(1,906,064)
1,103,859
(G)
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve
Opening Balance
(16,410)
-
Deductions during the year [Refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(b)(ix)]
(68,706)
(16,410)
Closing Balance
(85,116)
(16,410)
Balance In Profit & Loss Account
946,510,233
782,380,015
Total
2,035,726,288
1,779,974,715
Schedule 3 - Deposits
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Demand Deposits
(i) From banks
53,577,897
41,841,735
1,794,183,291
1,626,145,104
Savings Bank Deposits
3,441,360,029
3,113,893,251
Term Deposits
From banks
480,219,391
458,515,937
7,588,999,107
6,489,124,197
Total (I, II And III)1
13,358,339,715
11,729,520,224
Deposits of branches in India
12,998,865,679
11,429,290,806
Deposits of branches outside India
359,474,036
300,229,418
Total (I And II)1
13,358,339,715
11,729,520,224
Includes deposits under lien amounting to `137,683.71 crores (previous year `102,032.84 crores)

As on 31 March, 2026
F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 4 - Borrowings
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Borrowings in India

Reserve Bank of India
-

Other banks1
20,599,046
7,351,709

(iii) Other institutions & agencies2
1,840,430,248
1,491,036,832

Borrowings outside India3
491,676,793
343,076,624

TOTAL
2,352,706,087
1,841,465,165

Secured borrowings included in I & II above
16,938,946
5,251,709
1.
Borrowings from other banks include Subordinated Debt of `15.00 crores (previous year `15.00 crores) in the nature of Non-Convertible
Debentures [Also refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(a)]
2.
Borrowings from other institutions & agencies include Subordinated Debt of `21,215.00 crores (previous year `22,715.00 crores) in the nature
of Non-Convertible Debentures [Also refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(a)]
3.
Borrowings outside India include Additional Tier I Bonds in the nature of Perpetual Debt amounting to $600 million (`5,690.10 crores);
{previous year $600 million (`5,128.50 crores)} [Also refer Schedule 18 (1.1)(a)]
Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Bills payable
69,339,352
61,937,960
-
Interest accrued
60,918,843
33,198,444
General provision against standard assets
69,398,739
50,218,680
MTM loss on forex & derivative contracts
458,269,080
199,285,425
Provision for tax (net)
5,776,203
10,779,912
Others (including provisions) [Refer Schedule 18 (1.15)(k) and 18 (2.10)]
438,386,636
375,641,704

TOTAL
1,102,088,853
731,062,125
Schedule 6 - Cash and Balances with Reserve Bank of India
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Cash in hand (including foreign currency notes)
67,584,579
80,739,346
Balances with Reserve Bank of India

in Current Account
400,909,028
446,235,023

in Other Accounts (includes reverse repo under Liquidity Adjustment Facility)
317,780,000
209,410,000

TOTAL
786,273,607
736,384,369

Standalone Financial Statements
As on 31 March, 2026
Schedule 7 - Balances with Banks and Money at Call and Short Notice
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
In India

Balance with Banks

in Current Accounts
1,276,521
897,301

(b) in Other Deposit Accounts
75,931
1,075,931

(ii) Money at Call and Short Notice

(a) With banks
-

(b) With other institutions
19,575,349
45,043,141

20,927,801
47,016,373

Outside India

in Current Accounts
28,351,861
45,312,197

(ii) in Other Deposit Accounts
101,568,285
119,545,335

(iii) Money at Call & Short Notice
111,905,300
49,062,650

241,825,446
213,920,182

GRAND TOTAL (I+II)
262,753,247
260,936,555
Schedule 8 - Investments
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Investments in India in -

Government Securities1
3,497,122,398
2,926,402,418

-

(iii) Shares
22,916,491
25,697,393

(iv) Debentures and Bonds
503,859,991
729,593,786

(v) Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures/Associates
65,226,913
64,926,913

(vi) Others
113,585,564
56,825,987

[include investments in Mutual Funds, Security Receipts, Alternative Investment Funds,
Venture Capital Funds, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts, Pass
Through Certificates and Private Equity Fund (LLP)]

Total Investments in India
4,202,711,357
3,803,446,497

Investments outside India in -

Government Securities (including local authorities)
241,865,393
154,352,666

(ii) Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures abroad
30,209

(iii) Others (include Equity Shares and Bonds)
5,721,026
3,588,569

Total Investments outside India
247,616,628
157,971,444

GRAND TOTAL (I+II)
4,450,327,985
3,961,417,941
1.
Includes securities of face value `1,25,648.67 crores (previous year `1,70,046.36 crores) pledged for availment of fund transfer facility,
clearing facility, repo contracts and margin requirements

As on 31 March, 2026
F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 9 - Advances
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
267,759,512
168,182,349

Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand1
3,615,667,661
3,235,795,300

Term loans
8,452,271,592
7,004,135,554

12,335,698,765
10,408,113,203

Secured by tangible assets2
8,969,319,749
7,563,191,860

Covered by Bank/Government Guarantees3
13,857,094
18,317,573

Unsecured
3,352,521,922
2,826,603,770

12,335,698,765
10,408,113,203

Advances in India

(i) Priority Sector
4,431,434,799
3,845,589,259

(ii) Public Sector
129,151,470
120,805,783

(iii) Banks
121,480,967
157,444,059

(iv) Others
7,205,374,214
5,987,166,756

TOTAL (i, ii, iii and iv)
11,887,441,450
10,111,005,857

Advances Outside India

Due from banks
48,970,470
3,376,263

Due from others -

103,399,075
64,067,482

Syndicated loans
-

Others
295,887,770
229,663,601

448,257,315
297,107,346

GRAND TOTAL (CI+CII)
12,335,698,765
10,408,113,203
1.
Net of borrowings under Inter-Bank Participation Certificate (IBPC) `18,287.86 crores (previous year `20,192.94 crores), includes lending
under IBPC `14,500 crores (previous year `1,350.00 crores)
2.
Includes advances against Book Debts
3.
Includes advances against L/Cs issued by other banks

Standalone Financial Statements
As on 31 March, 2026
Schedule 10 - Fixed Assets
(` in Thousands)

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Premises

Gross Block

20,221,464

-

-

TOTAL
20,221,464

Depreciation

As on 31 March of the preceding year
3,323,940
3,042,034

Charge for the year
281,906

-

3,605,846
3,323,940

Net Block
16,615,618
16,897,524
Other fixed assets (including furniture & fixtures and intangibles)

Gross Block

255,921,358
237,839,446

19,590,607
24,693,117

(16,493,907)
(6,611,205)

TOTAL
259,018,058
255,921,358

Depreciation

As on 31 March of the preceding year
210,913,842
200,596,581

Charge for the year
17,807,877
16,709,457

(15,980,333)
(6,392,196)

212,741,386
210,913,842

Net Block
46,276,672
45,007,516
CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS (including capital advances)
2,601,326
1,011,945

GRAND TOTAL (I+II+III)
65,493,616
62,916,985
1.

As on 31 March, 2026
F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 11 - Other Assets
(` in Thousands)

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
-
Interest Accrued
135,885,126
139,696,834
Tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net of provisions)
8,633,856
11,053,461
Stationery and stamps
29,773
34,647
Non-banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims1
-
MTM gain on forex & derivative contracts
484,770,125
204,964,200
Others2,3 [Refer Schedule 18 (1.15)(l)]
338,632,742
313,780,598

TOTAL
967,951,622
669,529,740
1.
Represents balance net of provision of `1,855.85 crores (previous year `1,855.85 crores) on Land held as non-banking asset
2.
Includes deferred tax assets of `6,489.55 crores (previous year `4,441.01 crores) [Refer Schedule 18 (2.8)]
3.
Includes Priority Sector Shortfall Deposits of `8,689.52 crores (previous year `14,450.47 crores)
Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities
(` in Thousands)
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
19,113,547
14,772,169
1,448,501
1,266,410
Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts1
14,211,016,883
12,565,884,623
Liability on account of outstanding derivative contracts1
12,676,646,735
13,695,933,799

(a) In India
1,452,901,884
1,216,989,034

(b) Outside India
234,269,278
194,901,126
710,934,618
553,414,271
988,997,784
513,319,488

GRAND TOTAL [Refer Schedule 18 (2.14)]
30,295,329,230
28,756,480,920
1.
Represents notional amount

Standalone Financial Statements
Schedules forming part of the Profit and Loss Account
As on 31 March, 2026
Schedule 13 - Interest Earned
(` in Thousands)
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Interest/discount on advances/bills
995,081,884
972,002,671
Income on investments
252,997,981
229,283,393
Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and other inter-bank funds
12,735,014
12,362,220
Others
9,507,455
13,122,117

TOTAL
1,270,322,334
1,226,770,401
Schedule 14 - Other Income
(` in Thousands)

Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Commission, exchange and brokerage
225,365,094
205,450,773
Profit/(Loss) on sale of investments (net)
16,138,796
12,842,508
Profit/(Loss) on revaluation of investments (net)
(8,752,762)
7,005,061
Profit/(Loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)1
35,293
(94,480)
Profit/(Loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)
25,425,493
21,627,818
Income earned by way of dividends etc. from subsidiaries/companies and/or joint venture
abroad/in India
150,000
245,813
Miscellaneous Income [Refer Schedule 18 (1.15)(m)]
2,946,557
5,493,069

TOTAL
261,308,471
252,570,562
1.
includes provision for diminution in value of fixed assets
Schedule 15 - Interest Expended
(` in Thousands)

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
565,441,071
539,016,849
Interest on Reserve Bank of India/Inter-bank borrowings
15,803,236
20,559,565
Others
128,597,633
123,715,798

TOTAL
709,841,940
683,292,212
Schedule 16 - Operating Expenses
(` in Thousands)

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Payments to and provisions for employees
122,659,216
121,927,882
Rent, taxes and lighting
21,131,730
20,118,560
Printing and stationery
2,392,336
3,705,398
Advertisement and publicity
1,090,459
1,219,803
Depreciation on bank s property
18,089,783
16,991,363
Directors fees, allowance and expenses
61,783
62,475
Auditors fees and expenses
54,542
44,292
VIII. Law charges
2,203,592
2,077,090
IX.
Postage, telegrams, telephones etc.
3,802,173
4,291,675
X.
Repairs and maintenance
25,312,895
21,678,459
XI.
Insurance
19,875,010
17,862,954
XII.
Other expenditure1
176,947,265
165,019,477

TOTAL
393,620,784
374,999,428
1.
Includes commission paid to direct selling agents, charges paid to network partners, cashback expenses, fees paid for purchase of Priority
Sector Lending Certificates, professional fees, technology expenses, business promotion expenses and miscellaneous expenses

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1.
Background

Axis Bank Limited ( the Bank ) was incorporated in 1993 and provides a complete suite of banking and financial services
including retail banking, wholesale banking and treasury operations. The Bank is primarily governed by the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949. As on 31 March 2026, the Bank has overseas branches at Singapore, DIFC - Dubai and an Offshore
Banking Unit at the International Financial Service Centre (IFSC), Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City),
Gandhinagar, India.
2.
Basis of preparation

The standalone financial statements ( financial statements ) have been prepared and presented under the historical cost
convention on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in India,
unless otherwise stated by the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ), to comply with the statutory requirements prescribed
under the Third Schedule of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the circulars, notifications, guidelines and directives
issued by the RBI from time to time and the Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act,
2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021
to the extent applicable and practices generally prevalent in the banking industry in India. Accounting policies applied
have been consistent with the previous year except otherwise stated.
3.
Use of estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with the generally accepted accounting principles requires
the Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities (including
contingent liabilities) at the date of the financial statements, revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The Management believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the
preparation of the financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Any revisions, as and when carried out, to the
accounting estimates are recognised prospectively in the current and future periods.
4.
Significant accounting policies
4.1. Investments

Classification

In accordance with the RBI guidelines, investments (except investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates)
are classified at the time of acquisition as:

Held to Maturity ( HTM );

Available for Sale ( AFS ) and

Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) with Held for Trading (HFT) as a separate investment
subcategory within FVTPL.

Classification of Investments in the Balance sheet

For disclosure in the Balance Sheet, investments in India are classified under six categories - Government Securities,
Other Approved Securities, Shares, Debentures and Bonds, Investment in Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures/Associates and
Others. Investments made outside India are classified under three categories - Government Securities, Subsidiaries
and/or Joint Ventures abroad and Others.

All investments are accounted for on settlement date, except investments in equity shares which are accounted
for on trade date.
17. Significant Accounting Policies to the Standalone Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements

Held to Maturity ( HTM )

The Bank classifies investments as HTM, if both of the following conditions are met:

The investment is acquired with the intention and objective of holding IT to maturity, i.e., the financial assets
are held with an objective to collect the contractual cash flows; and

The contractual terms of the investment give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on principal outstanding ( SPPI criterion ) on specified dates.

Available for Sale ( AFS )

The Bank classifies investments as AFS, if both the following conditions are met:

The investment is acquired with an objective which is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling securities; and

The contractual terms of the investment give rise to cash flows that meet SPPI criterion on specified dates.

The Bank, upon initial recognition, may make an irrevocable election to classify an equity instrument as an AFS
that is not held with the objective of trading.

Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)

The investments that are not classified as HTM or AFS are classified as FVTPL. The Bank classifies investments in
FVTPL category as either FVTPL-Held for Trading ( HFT ) or FVTPL Non-HFT. Any investment held by the Bank
for one or more of the following purposes is, when IT is first recognised on its books, designated as a FVTPL HFT:

short-term resale;

profiting from short-term price movements;

locking in arbitrage profits; or

hedging risks that arise from instruments meeting all of the above

Investments in listed equities, trading-related repo-style transactions, instruments resulting from market-making
activities, equity investments in a fund are included in FVTPL HFT category. Investments in unlisted equities are
included in FVTPL Non-HFT category.

All other investments forming part of FVTPL category are classified as FVTPL Non-HFT.

Investments in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

All investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures held by Bank are classified under this category
separately from the aforesaid investment categories.

Initial recognition

The Bank measures all investments at fair value on initial recognition. Unless facts and circumstances suggest that
the fair value is materially different from the acquisition cost, IT is presumed that the acquisition cost is the fair
value. Any discount or premium on the investments under HTM category is amortised over the remaining life of
the instrument on a constant yield basis.

Acquisition cost

Costs incurred at the time of acquisition, pertaining to investments, such as brokerage, commission etc. are
charged to the Profit and Loss Account. Broken period interest is charged to the Profit and Loss Account. Cost
of investments is computed based on the weighted average cost method.

Day 1 gain/loss

Day 1 Gain/loss is the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and acquisition cost. Any Day 1
gain/loss arising on quoted investments is recognized in the Profit and Loss Account. Any Day 1 loss arising

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
from Level 3 investments is recognised immediately. Any Day 1 gains arising from Level 3 investments is
deferred. In the case of debt instruments, the Day 1 gain is amortized on a straight-line basis up to the
maturity date (or earliest call date for perpetual instruments), while for unquoted equity instruments, the gain
is set aside as a liability until the security is listed or derecognised.

Subsequent measurement

Investments classified under the HTM category

Investments held in HTM category are carried at cost and are not Mark-to-Market (MTM) after initial
recognition. The amortised amount is reflected under item II Income on Investments of Schedule 13: Interest
Earned with a contra in Schedule 8: Investments .

Realised gains on sale of investments in HTM category are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account and
subsequently appropriated to the Capital Reserve Account (net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserves) in
accordance with the RBI guidelines. Realised losses are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Investments classified under AFS category

Investments held in AFS category are fair valued. Any discount or premium on the acquisition of debt
securities under AFS is amortised over the remaining life of the instrument on a constant yield basis. The
amortised amount is reflected in the financial statements under item II Income on Investments of Schedule
13: Interest Earned with a contra in Schedule 8: Investments .

The net valuation gains and losses across all performing investments under AFS is aggregated and the net
appreciation or depreciation (net of tax) is directly credited or debited to the AFS Reserve without routing
through the Profit & Loss Account.

The AFS-Reserve is reckoned as Common Equity Tier (CET) 1 capital but not available for distribution of
dividend and coupon on Additional Tier I instruments.

On sale or maturity of a debt instrument in AFS category, the accumulated gain/ loss for that security in the
AFS Reserve is transferred from the AFS Reserve and recognized in the Profit and Loss Account.

In the case of equity instruments designated under AFS at the time of initial recognition, any gain or loss
on sale of such investments is transferred from AFS Reserve to Capital Reserve in accordance with the RBI
Investment Direction, 2023.

Investments classified under FVTPL category

Investments held under FVTPL category are fair valued and the net gain or loss arising on such valuation is
directly credited or debited to the Profit and Loss Account. Any discount or premium on the debt securities
under FVTPL category is amortised over the remaining life of the instrument. The amortised amount is
reflected in the financial statements under item II Income on Investments of Schedule 13: Interest Earned
with a contra in Schedule 8: Investments .

Investments in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

The Bank measures all the investments (i.e., including debt and equity) in subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures at acquisition cost.

Any discount or premium on the acquisition of debt securities of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
is amortised over the remaining life of the instrument. The amortised amount is reflected in the financial
statements under item II Income on Investments of Schedule 13: Interest Earned .

Valuation

The Bank determines the fair values of its investments according to the following hierarchy:

Level 1: Valuation based on quoted market price: These investments are valued with quoted prices (unadjusted) for
identical instruments in active markets that the Bank can access at the measurement date.

Standalone Financial Statements

Level 2: Valuation based on using observable inputs: These investments are valued with inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level 1, that are observable, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3: Valuation technique with significant unobservable inputs: These investments are valued using valuation
techniques where one or more significant inputs are unobservable.

The fair value of various types of instruments is determined as per the valuation norms laid down in RBI
guidelines, as follows:

The fair value of quoted investments (other than discounted instruments) included in the AFS and FVTPL
categories is considered as available from the trades/quotes on the stock exchanges or prices, yield and
spread matrix declared by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association of India ( FIMMDA )/
Financial Benchmark India Private Limited ( FBIL ), periodically.

Treasury Bills, Exchange Funded Bills, Commercial Paper and Certificate of Deposits being discounted
instruments, are valued at carrying cost which includes discount accreted over the period to maturity.

Units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/Net Asset Value ( NAV ) declared by
the mutual fund.

Units of Venture Capital Funds ( VCF ) and Unquoted Alternative Investment Fund (AIFs) are valued at Net
Asset Value (NAV) declared by the funds. Where an AIF fails to carry out and disclose the valuation of its
investments by an independent valuer as per the frequency mandated by SEBI (Alternative Investment Fund)
Regulations, 2012, the value of its units is treated as Re. 1. In case AIF is not registered under SEBI (Alternative
Investment Fund) Regulations, 2012 and the latest disclosed valuation of its investments by an independent
valuer precedes the date of valuation by more than 18 months, the value of its units is treated as Re. 1.

Investments in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures category are assessed for impairment to determine
permanent diminution, if any, in accordance with the RBI guidelines and suitable provisions are made.

The fair value of investments where current quotations are not available, is determined in accordance with
the norms prescribed by the RBI/FIMMDA/FBIL as under:

The fair value of unquoted government securities which are in the nature of Statutory Liquidity Ratio
( SLR ) securities forming part of AFS, FVTPL-HFT and FVTPL Non-HFT categories are computed as per
the rates published by FIMMDA/FBIL.

In case of special bonds issued by the Government of India that do not qualify for SLR purposes, unquoted
bonds, debentures and preference shares where interest/dividend is received regularly (i.e. not overdue
beyond 90 days), the market price is derived based on the Yield to Maturity ( YTM ) for such securities as
published by FIMMDA/FBIL and suitably marked up for credit risk applicable to the credit rating of the
instrument. The matrix for credit risk mark-up for each category and credit ratings along with residual
maturity issued by FIMMDA/FBIL is adopted for this purpose.

In case of bonds & debentures where interest is not received regularly (i.e. overdue beyond 90 days), the
valuation is in accordance with prudential norms for provisioning as prescribed by the RBI.

Pass Through Certificates (PTCs) are valued based on yields published by FIMMDA, suitably adjusted
downwards for the quality and characteristics of the underlying pool of assets in the PTCs.

Equity shares, for which current quotations are not available or where the shares are not quoted on the
stock exchanges, are valued at break-up value (without considering revaluation reserves, if any) which
is ascertained from the company s latest Balance Sheet (not older than 18 months). In case the latest
Balance Sheet is not available, the shares are valued at Re. 1 per company.

Valuation of investments in private equity funds and limited liability partnership funds is based on
valuation of their underlying exposures.

Investments in listed instruments of Real Estate Investment Trust ( REIT )/Infrastructure Investment
Trust ( INVIT ) are valued at the closing price on the recognised stock exchange. In case the instruments

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
are not traded on any stock exchange for a period of 30 days, valuation is carried out based on lower of
the latest NAV (not older than 1 year) submitted by the trust or the last available traded price.

Investments in Government guaranteed Security Receipts ( SRs ) are valued periodically by reckoning
the Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the Asset Reconstruction Company ( ARC ) based on the recovery
ratings received for such instruments. Any Government guaranteed SRs outstanding after the final
settlement of the Government guarantee or the expiry of the guarantee period, whichever is earlier, are
valued at one rupee (`1).

Investments in other SRs are valued as per the NAV declared by the issuing ARC or net book value
of loans transferred or estimated recoverable value based on Bank s internal assessment on case to
case basis, whichever is lower. Investments in such Security Receipts where original maturity period has
expired are valued at one rupee (`1).

In case of investments in SRs which are backed by more than 10 percent of the stressed assets sold by
the Bank, the valuation of such SRs is additionally subject to a floor of face value of the SRs reduced by
the provisioning rate as per the extant asset classification and provisioning norms as applicable to the
underlying loans, assuming that the loan notionally continued in the books of the Bank.

Investment asset classification and provisioning

Investments under HTM, AFS and FVTPL category are subjected to income recognition, asset classification and
provisioning norms of RBI. Non-performing Investments (NPIs) are identified and provision is made thereon in
the Profit and Loss account, as per the RBI guidelines. Once an investment becomes NPI, the Bank segregates
IT from rest of the portfolio and does not consider IT for netting valuation gains and losses. An NPI investment
is segregated from other investments within the same category [i.e., HTM, AFS, or FVTPL] under which IT was
classified at initial recognition. Interest on NPIs is not recognized in the Profit and Loss Account until received.
MTM appreciation in case of NPIs over and above the book value is not recognized and ignored.

Reclassification between categories

Reclassification of investments between categories (viz. HTM, AFS and FVTPL) if any is carried out only after, prior
approval of Board of Directors and RBI and the same is accounted for in accordance with the RBI guidelines.

Short sales

In accordance with the RBI guidelines, the Bank undertakes short sale transactions in Central Government dated
securities. Such short positions are categorised under FVTPL category and netted off from investments in the
Balance Sheet. These positions are marked-to-market along with the other securities under FVTPL portfolio and
the resultant MTM gains/losses are accounted for as per the relevant RBI guidelines for valuation of investments.
4.2 Repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions

Repurchase transactions ( Repos )

Repurchase transactions in Government securities and corporate debt securities including those conducted under the
Liquidity Adjustment Facility ( LAF ) and Marginal Standby Facility ( MSF ) with RBI are accounted for as collateralised
borrowings. Accordingly, securities given as collateral under an agreement to repurchase them, continue to be held
under the investment account and the Bank continues to accrue the coupon on the security during the repo period.
Borrowing cost on such repo transactions is accounted as interest expense in Schedule 15 - Interest Expended in the

Reverse repurchase transactions ( Reverse repos )

Reverse repurchase transactions with RBI with original maturity upto 14 days, including those conducted under
the Liquidity Adjustment Facility ( LAF ) and Standing Deposit Facility ( SDF ), are accounted for as collateralised
lending under Schedule 6 - Balances with RBI - in Other Accounts . Reverse repurchase transactions with banks
and other financial institutions with original maturity upto 14 days, are accounted for as collateralised lending under

Standalone Financial Statements
Schedule 7 - Balances with Banks and Money at call and short notice . Revenue on such reverse repos is accounted for
as interest income under Schedule 13 - Interest Earned - Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and Other
Inter-bank Funds in the Profit and Loss Account.

Reverse repos with original maturity of more than 14 days are accounted for as collateralised lending under Schedule
9 - Advances . Revenue on such reverse repos is accounted for as interest income under Schedule 13 - Interest Earned
- Interest/discount on advances/bills in the Profit and Loss account.
4.3. Advances

Classification and measurement of advances

net of bills rediscounted, inter-bank participation certificates, specific provisions made towards NPAs, interest in
suspense for NPAs, claims received from Export Credit Guarantee Corporation, provisions for funded interest on term
loans classified as NPAs and floating provisions. Structured collateralised foreign currency loans extended to customers
and deposits received from the same customer are reported on a net basis.

The Bank transfers advances through inter-bank participation with and without risk. In accordance with the RBI
guidelines, in the case of participation with risk, the aggregate amount of the participation issued by the Bank is
reduced from advances and where the Bank is participating, the aggregate amount of the participation is classified
under advances. In the case of participation without risk, the aggregate amount of participation issued by the Bank is
classified under borrowings and where the Bank is participating, the aggregate amount of participation is shown as due
from banks under advances.

Non-performing advances and provision on non-performing advances

NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by the RBI. Advances
held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than
record of recovery, but which are standard as per the RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount
outstanding in the host country. NPAs are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines.

Provisions for NPAs are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets at rates as prescribed by the RBI with the exception
of schematic retail advances, agriculture advances and advances to Commercial Banking segment. In respect of
schematic retail advances, provisions are made in terms of a bucket-wise policy upon reaching specified stages of
delinquency (90 days or more of delinquency) under each type of loan, which satisfies the RBI prudential norms on
provisioning. Provisions in respect of Commercial Banking segment advances and agriculture advances classified into
sub-standard and doubtful assets are made at rates which are higher than those prescribed by the RBI.

Provisions for advances booked in overseas branches, which are standard as per the RBI guidelines but are identified
as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery, are made as per the host
country regulations.

In case of NPAs referred to the National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016 ( IBC ) where resolution plan or liquidation order has been approved by NCLT, provision is maintained at higher of
the requirement under the RBI guidelines or the likely haircut as per resolution plan or liquidation order.

Loans reported as fraud are classified as loss assets, and fully provided for immediately without considering the
value of security.

Provision on restructured assets

Restructured assets including compromise settlements where the time for payment of the agreed settlement
amount exceeds three months are classified and provided for in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI
from time to time.

In respect of advances where resolution plan has been implemented under the RBI guidelines on Resolution Framework
for COVID 19-related Stress and Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) Sector - Restructuring of Advances ,

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
provisions are maintained as per the internal framework of the Bank at rates which are higher than those specified
under the extant RBI guidelines. Restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines.

Provisions held on restructured assets are reported in Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions in the Balance Sheet.

Write-offs and recoveries from written-off accounts

Write-offs are carried out in accordance with the Bank s policy.

Amounts recovered against debts written off are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account as a credit to Provision
and Contingencies.

Appropriation of funds for standard advances

In case of Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) based standard retail advances, funds received from customers are
appropriated in the order of principal, interest and charges. In case of other standard advances, funds received from
customers are appropriated in the order of charges, interest and principal.

Other provisions on advances classified under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions in the Balance Sheet

The Bank recognises additional provisions as per the RBI s guidelines on accounts in default and with aggregate
exposure above the threshold limits as laid down in the guidelines where the resolution plan is not implemented within
the specified timelines. These provisions are written back on satisfying the conditions for reversal as per RBI guidelines.

In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative or wilful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per
the extant RBI guidelines.

In the case of one-time settlements with borrowers that are entered into but not closed as on the reporting date, the
Bank makes provisions which is the higher of (i) the provision required based on asset classification; and (ii) the amount
of contracted sacrifice, on a portfolio basis.

The Bank makes incremental provisioning (determined based on a time scale and on occurrence of predefined events)
on all outstanding advances and investments relating to borrowers tagged as Red Flagged Accounts ( RFA ).

For entities with Unhedged Foreign Currency Exposure ( UFCE ), provision is made in accordance with the guidelines
issued by the RBI, which requires ascertaining the amount of UFCE, estimating the extent of likely loss and estimating
the riskiness of the unhedged position. Further, incremental capital is maintained in respect of such borrower counter
parties in the highest risk category, in line with stipulations by the RBI.

Upto 31 December, 2025 the Bank maintained provisions for incremental exposure of the banking system to specified
borrowers beyond the Normally Permitted Lending Limit ( NPLL ) in proportion to the Bank s funded exposure to the
specified borrowers as per the RBI guidelines.

The Bank maintains a general provision on standard advances at the rates prescribed by the RBI. In respect of advances
to stressed sectors, such general provision is made at rates higher than the regulatory minimum as per the internal
policy of the Bank. The general provision on corporate standard advances internally rated BB and Below or Unrated
and all Special Mention Accounts-2 ( SMA-2 ) advances as reported to Central Repository of Information on Large
Credits ( CRILC ), is maintained at rates that are higher than those prescribed by RBI. In case of overseas branches,
general provision on standard advances is maintained at the higher of the levels stipulated by the respective overseas
regulator or by the extant RBI guidelines. The Bank also maintains general provision on positive Mark-to-Market (MTM)
on derivative transactions at the rates prescribed under the extant RBI guidelines.

The Bank maintains additional specific provision on projects under implementation which have availed deferment in
date of commencement of commercial operations and are classified as standard as per extant RBI guidelines.

The Bank also maintains additional provision on standard accounts in a particular borrower group where one or
more entity in the group is classified as NPA, subject to the aggregate outstanding of such entities being above a
certain threshold limit. Such provision is in addition to and at rates higher than the provision for standard assets as
prescribed by RBI.

Standalone Financial Statements

The Bank also maintains provision on non-funded outstanding in relation to NPAs, prudentially written off accounts,
corporate standard advances internally rated BB and Below or Unrated and all SMA-2 advances as reported to CRILC.

Under its home loan portfolio, the Bank offers housing loans with certain features involving waiver of EMIs for a specific
period subject to fulfilment of certain conditions by the borrower. The Bank makes provision against the probable
loss that could be incurred in future on account of these waivers to eligible borrowers, based on actuarial valuation
conducted by an independent actuary.

As approved by the Board of Directors, the Bank holds prudent provision of `7,013 crores towards certain standard
advances and / or exposures.
4.4. Country risk

In addition to the provisions required to be held according to the asset classification status, provisions are held for
individual country exposure (other than for home country) as per the RBI guidelines. Such provisions are held only in
respect of those countries where the net funded exposure of the Bank exceeds 1% of its total assets. For this purpose,
the countries are categorized into seven risk categories namely insignificant, low, moderate, high, very high, restricted
and off-credit as per internal parameters in accordance with RBI guidelines. Provision is made on exposures exceeding
180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 100%. For exposures with contractual maturity of less than 180 days,
25% of the normal provision requirement is held. If the net funded exposure of the Bank in respect of each country
does not exceed 1% of the total assets, no provision is maintained on such country exposure in accordance with RBI
guidelines. Indirect exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. This provision is classified under Schedule 5 - Other
Liabilities and Provisions in the Balance Sheet.
4.5 Securitisation and transfer of assets

Securitisation of Standard Assets

The Bank enters into purchase/sale of corporate and retail loans through direct assignment/Special Purpose Vehicle
( SPV ). In most cases, post securitisation, the Bank continues to service the loans transferred to the assignee/SPV.
The Bank also provides credit enhancement in the form of cash collaterals and/or by subordination of cash flows to
Senior Pass Through Certificate holders. In respect of credit enhancements provided or recourse obligations (projected
delinquencies, future servicing etc.) accepted by the Bank, appropriate provision/disclosure is made at the time of sale
in accordance with AS-29, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as notified under Section 133 of
the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2021. In accordance with RBI guidelines on Securitisation of Standard Assets, any loss, profit or
premium realised at the time of the sale is accounted for in the Profit & Loss Account for the accounting period during
which the sale is completed. However, in case of unrealised gains arising out of sale of underlying assets to the SPV,
the profit is recognised in Profit and Loss Account only when such unrealised gains associated with such income is
redeemed in cash.

Transfer of Loan Exposures

In accordance with RBI guidelines on Transfer of Loan exposures, any profit or loss arising post transfer of loans, which
is realised, is accounted for and reflected in the Profit & Loss Account for the accounting period during which the
transfer is completed. Loans acquired are carried at acquisition cost unless IT is more than the outstanding principal at
the time of the transfer, in which case the premium paid is amortised based on a straight-line method.
4.6. Priority Sector Lending Certificates

The Bank enters into transactions for the sale or purchase of Priority Sector Lending Certificates ( PSLCs ). In the case
of a sale transaction, the Bank sells the fulfilment of priority sector obligation and in the case of a purchase transaction
the Bank buys the fulfilment of priority sector obligation through the RBI trading platform. There is no transfer of loan
assets in PSLC transactions.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
4.7. Translation of Foreign Currency items

In respect of domestic operations, transactions denominated in foreign currencies are accounted for at the rates
prevailing on the date of the transaction. Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated at the closing
rates of exchange as notified by the Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India ( FEDAI ). All profits/losses resulting
from year end revaluations are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Financial statements of foreign branches classified as non-integral foreign operations as per the RBI guidelines, are
translated as follows:

Assets and liabilities (both monetary and non-monetary as well as contingent liabilities) are translated at closing
exchange rates notified by FEDAI at the Balance Sheet date.

Income and expenses are translated at the rates prevailing on the date of the transactions.

All resulting exchange differences are accumulated in a separate Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR) till
the disposal of the net investments. Any realised gains or losses on such disposal are recognised in the Profit and
Loss Account except for those that relate to repatriation of accumulated profits which are reclassified from FCTR
to Balance in Profit and Loss Account under Schedule 2 - Reserves and Surplus in the Balance Sheet.

Contingent liabilities on account of forward exchange and derivative contracts, guarantees, acceptances, endorsements
and other obligations denominated in foreign currencies are disclosed at closing rates of exchange notified by FEDAI.
4.8 Foreign exchange and derivative contracts

contingent liabilities. The forwards, swaps and options are categorised as trading or hedge transactions.

Trading derivatives

market sources or FBIL with the resulting unrealised gain or loss being recognised in the Profit and Loss Account and
correspondingly in other assets (representing positive MTM) and in other liabilities (representing negative MTM ) on
a gross basis.

Outstanding forward exchange contracts including tom/spot contracts (excluding swaps undertaken to hedge foreign
currency assets/liabilities and funding swaps) as at Balance Sheet date are revalued at closing spot and forward rates as
applicable as notified by FEDAI/FBIL and at interpolated rates for contracts of interim maturities. Valuation is considered
on present value basis by discounting the forward value till cash date using Alternative Reference Rate ( ARR ) curve and
converting the foreign currency amount using the respective spot rates as notified by FEDAI/FBIL. The resulting gains
or losses on revaluation are included in the Profit and Loss Account.

Currency futures contracts are mark-to-market, using the daily settlement price on a trading day, which is the closing
price of the respective futures contracts on that day. While the daily settlement price is computed based on the last
half an hour weighted average price of such contracts, the final settlement price is taken as the RBI reference rate on
the last trading day of the futures contracts or as may be specified by the relevant authority from time to time. All
open positions are marked-to-market based on the settlement price and the resultant MTM profit/loss is daily settled
with the exchange.

Valuation of Exchange Traded Currency Options ( ETCO ) is carried out using internal pricing models and valuation
of Interest Rate Futures ( IRF ) is carried out on the basis of the daily settlement price of each contract provided
by the exchange.

Premium on options is recognized as income/expense on expiry or early termination of the transaction.

Hedging derivatives including funding swaps

Foreign exchange forward contracts not intended for trading (including funding swaps), that are entered into to establish
the amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement date of a transaction, and are outstanding at
the Balance Sheet date, are effectively valued at the closing spot rate. The premium or discount arising at the inception
of such forward exchange contract is amortised on a straight-line basis as expense or income over the life of the contract.

Standalone Financial Statements

For hedge transactions through other derivatives, the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception
of transaction itself. The effectiveness is ascertained at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter.
In case of a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments and hedged items are recognized
in the Profit and Loss Account and in case of cash flow hedges, the change in fair value of hedging instrument for
the effective portion is recognised in Schedule 2- Reserves and Surplus under Cash Flow Hedge Reserve and the
ineffective portion of an effective hedging relationship, if any, is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account. The
accumulated balance in the Cash Flow Hedge Reserve, in an effective hedging relationship, is recycled in the Profit and
Loss Account at the same time that the impact from the hedged item is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Provisioning

Pursuant to the RBI guidelines, any receivables under derivative contracts comprising of crystallised receivables as well
as positive MTM in respect of future receivables which remain overdue for more than 90 days are reversed through the
Profit and Loss account and are held in a separate suspense account under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions .
4.9. Revenue recognition

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis in accordance with AS-9, Revenue Recognition as notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the Companies
(Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021 and the RBI guidelines, except in the case of interest income on non-performing
assets where IT is recognised on receipt basis as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of RBI. Any
discount or premium on the investments in debt-securities is amortised as interest income over the remaining life of the
instrument. Interest income on investments in PTCs is recognized on a constant yield basis.

Commission on Guarantees and Letters of Credit ( LC ) is recognized on a pro-rata basis over the period of the Guarantee/
LC. Locker rent is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of contract. Annual fee for credit cards and debit
cards is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of service. Arrangership/syndication fee is accounted for on
completion of the agreed service and when the right to receive is established.

Loan processing fee is accounted for upfront when due, where the Bank is reasonably certain of ultimate collection.
Penal charges on loans are recognized as income on actual realization.

Other fees and commission income are recognised when due, where the Bank is reasonably certain of ultimate
collection. Payouts made to network partners and entities with co-branded arrangements, in the nature of sharing of
fees or based on driver of volume/spends are netted off from the respective fee and commission income.

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established. Income from
units of mutual funds / AIFs / VCFs is recognised on cash basis in line with regulatory guidelines.

Gain/loss on sell down of loans and advances through direct assignment is recognised at the time of sale.

Fees paid for purchase of PSLCs are amortised on straight-line basis over the tenor of the certificate as Other Expenditure
under Schedule 16 of the Profit and Loss Account. Fees received on sale of PSLCs are amortised on straight-line basis
over the tenor of the certificate as Miscellaneous Income under Schedule 14 of the Profit and Loss Account.

In accordance with RBI guidelines on sale of non-performing advances, if the sale is at a price below the net book
value (i.e. book value less provisions held), the shortfall is charged to the Profit and Loss Account. If the sale is for a
value higher than the net book value, the excess provision is credited to the Profit and Loss Account in the year the
amounts are received.
4.10. Bullion

The Bank deals in bullion on a consignment basis. The difference between the amount recovered from customers and
cost of bullion is accounted for at the time of sale to the customers. The Bank also deals in bullion on a borrowing and
lending basis and the interest paid/received is accounted for on an accrual basis.
4.11 Fixed assets and depreciation

Fixed assets are carried at cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Cost includes initial
handling and delivery charges, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the acquisition and installation of the

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
asset. Subsequent expenditure incurred on assets put to use is capitalised only when IT increases the future economic
benefit / functioning capability from / of such assets.

Capital work-in-progress includes cost of fixed assets that are not ready for their intended use and also includes
advances paid to acquire fixed assets.

Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful life of a fixed asset on straight-line method from the date of addition.
The Management believes that depreciation rates currently used, fairly reflect its estimate of the useful lives and
residual values of fixed assets based on the historical experience of the Bank, though these rates in certain cases are
different from those prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Whenever there is a revision of the
estimated useful life of an asset, the unamortised depreciable amount is charged over the revised remaining useful life
of the said asset.
Asset
Estimated useful life
As per Companies Act, 2013
Leased Land
As per the term of the agreement
-
Owned premises
Furniture and Fittings including interior
9 years to 10 years
10 years
Office/Electrical equipment and installations
Application software
-
Vehicles
4 years
8 years
Computer hardware including printers
CCTV and video conferencing equipment

Assets costing less than `5,000 individually are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.

Depreciation on assets sold during the year is recognised on a pro-rata basis in the Profit and Loss Accounts till
the date of sale.

Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of fixed assets are determined as the difference between the net
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of assets and are recognised as income or expense in the Profit and Loss
Account. Further, profit on sale of premises is appropriated to the Capital Reserve Account (net of taxes and transfer to
Statutory Reserve) in accordance with RBI instructions.
4.12. Impairment of Fixed Assets

The carrying amounts of fixed assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to ascertain if there is any indication of
impairment based on internal/external factors. An impairment loss is recognised wherever the carrying amount of an
asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of the asset s net selling price and value
in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value at the weighted
average cost of capital. After impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over its
remaining useful life.
4.13 Non-banking assets

Non-banking assets ( NBAs ) acquired in satisfaction of claims include land. In the case of land, the Bank creates
provision and follows the accounting treatment as per specific RBI directions.
4.14. Lease Transactions

Leases where the lessor effectively retains substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership over the lease term are
classified as operating lease. Lease payments for assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the
Profit and Loss Account on a straight-line basis over the lease term, unless the payments are structured to increase in
line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor s expected inflationary cost increase. Lease income
from assets given on operating lease is recognized as income in the Profit and Loss Account on a straight-line basis over
the lease term.

Standalone Financial Statements
4.15. Employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits comprise salaries and other compensations payable for services which the employee has
rendered during the period. These are recognized at the undiscounted amount in the Profit and Loss Account.

Defined benefit plans

The Bank has defined benefit plans in the form of provident fund, gratuity and resettlement allowance. Provident Fund
and Gratuity are in the nature of funded defined benefit plans and resettlement allowance is in the nature of unfunded
defined benefit plan.

Provident Fund

Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined benefit plan wherein the contributions are charged
to the Profit and Loss Account of the year when such contributions are due and when services are rendered
by the employees. Further, an actuarial valuation is conducted by an independent actuary using the Projected
Unit Credit Method as at 31 March each year to determine the deficiency, if any, in the interest payable on the
contributions as compared to the interest liability as per the statutory rate declared by the Central Government
and the shortfall, if any, due to fluctuations in price or impairment, in the aggregate asset values of the Trust as
compared to the market value. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately recognised in the Profit and Loss Account
and are not deferred.

The overseas branches of the Bank and its eligible employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary
towards respective government schemes as per local regulatory guidelines.

Gratuity

The Bank contributes towards gratuity fund (defined benefit retirement plan) administered by various insurers for
eligible employees. Under this scheme, the settlement obligation remains with the Bank, although the insurers
administer the scheme and determine the contribution premium required to be paid by the Bank. The plan
provides a lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the
respective employee s salary and the years of employment with the Bank. The liability with regard to the gratuity
fund is recognised based on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary using the Projected Unit
Credit Method as at each reporting date based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth,
mortality and staff attrition. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately recognized in the Profit and Loss Account and
are not deferred.

In respect of employees at overseas branches (other than expatriates), the liability with regard to gratuity is
provided on the basis of a prescribed method as per local laws, wherever applicable.

Resettlement Allowance

The Bank provides for resettlement allowance liability in the form of six months pay at the time of separation, for
certain eligible employees who moved to the Bank as part of the Citibank India Consumer Business acquisition.
Provision for this liability is based on an actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary using the
Projected Unit Credit Method as at 31 March each year based on certain assumptions regarding discount rate and
salary escalation rate.

Defined Contribution plans

Superannuation

Select employees of the Bank are entitled to receive retirement benefits under the Bank s superannuation scheme
either under a cash-out option through salary or under a defined contribution plan. For the employees covered
under the defined contribution plan, the Bank contributes annually a sum equal to 10% of the employee s eligible
annual basic salary to the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which undertakes to pay the lump sum and
annuity benefit payments pursuant to the scheme. Such contributions are recognised in the Profit and Loss

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

National Pension Scheme ( NPS )

In respect of employees who opt for contribution to the NPS, the Bank contributes a certain percentage of the
total basic salary of such employees to the aforesaid scheme, a defined contribution plan, which is managed and
administered by pension fund management companies. Such contributions are recognised in the Profit and Loss
4.16. Reward points

The Bank runs a loyalty program which seeks to recognize and reward customers based on their relationship with
the Bank. Under the program, eligible customers are granted loyalty points redeemable in future, subject to certain
conditions. In addition, the Bank continues to grant reward points in respect of certain credit cards (not covered under
the loyalty program). The Bank estimates the provision for such loyalty/reward points using an actuarial method at the
Balance Sheet date through an independent actuary, basis assumptions such as redemption rate, lapse rate, discount
rate, value of reward points etc. Provision for the said reward points is then made based on the actuarial valuation
report as furnished by the said independent actuary.
4.17. Taxation

Income tax expense is the aggregate amount of current tax and deferred tax charge. Current year taxes are determined
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and considering the material principles set out in
the Income Computation and Disclosure Standards to the extent applicable. Deferred income taxes reflect the impact
of current year timing differences between taxable income and accounting income for the year and reversal of timing
differences of earlier years.

Deferred tax is measured based on the tax rates and the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the Balance
Sheet date. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off assets
against liabilities representing current tax and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to the taxes on
income levied by same governing taxation laws.

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that there is reasonable certainty that sufficient future taxable
income will be available against which such deferred tax assets can be realised. The impact of changes in the deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Deferred tax assets are recognised and reassessed at each reporting date, based upon the Management s judgement
as to whether realisation is considered as reasonably certain. Deferred tax assets are recognised on carry forward of
unabsorbed depreciation and tax losses only if there is virtual certainty supported by convincing evidence that such
deferred tax asset can be realised against future profits.
4.18 Share issue expenses

Share issue expenses are adjusted from the Share Premium Account in terms of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013.
4.19. Corporate Social Responsibility

Expenditure towards Corporate Social Responsibility is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
4.20 Earnings per share

The Bank reports basic and diluted earnings per share in accordance with AS-20, Earnings per Share, as notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies
(Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the net profit after tax by the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for the year.

Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue equity
shares were exercised or converted during the year. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average
number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity shares outstanding at the year end except where the results
are anti-dilutive.

Standalone Financial Statements
4.21 Employee stock option/unit scheme

The Employee Stock Option Scheme ( the Scheme ) provides for grant of stock options on equity shares of the Bank to
employees and Directors, of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Under the Scheme, options are granted at an exercise price,
which is equal to the fair market price of the underlying equity shares at the date of the grant. The fair market price is
the latest available closing price, prior to the date of grant, on the stock exchange on which the shares of the Bank are
listed. If the shares are listed on more than one stock exchange, then the stock exchange where there is highest trading
volume on the said date is considered.

Further, the Employees Stock Unit Scheme ( the ESU Scheme ) provides for grant of stock units convertible into
equivalent number of fully paid-up equity share(s) of the Bank to eligible employees. The stock units are granted at an
exercise price as determined by the Bank and specified at the time of grant which shall not be less than the face value
of the equity shares of the Bank.

As per RBI guidelines, for options/units granted after 31 March, 2021, the Bank follows the fair value method and
recognizes the fair value of such options/units computed using the Black-Scholes model without reducing estimated
forfeitures, as compensation expense over the vesting period. On exercise of the stock options/units, the corresponding
balance under Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding account is transferred to the Share Premium account. In
respect of the options/units which expire unexercised, the balance standing to the credit of Employee Stock Options/
Units Outstanding account is transferred to the General Reserve. In respect of Employee Stock Options/Units which are
granted to the employees of the subsidiaries, the Bank recovers the cost from the subsidiaries over the vesting period.
4.22 Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

In accordance with AS-29 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets , provision is recognised when the
Bank has a present obligation as a result of past event where IT is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions are not discounted to its present
value and are determined based on the best estimate required to settle the obligation at the Balance Sheet date. These
are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.

A disclosure of contingent liability is made when there is:

a possible obligation arising from a past event, the existence of which will be confirmed by occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not within the control of the Bank; or

a present obligation arising from a past event which is not recognised as IT is not probable that an outflow of resources
will be required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation cannot be made.

When there is a possible obligation or a present obligation in respect of which the likelihood of outflow of resources is
remote, no provision or disclosure is made.

Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements. However, contingent assets are assessed continually
and if IT is virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, the asset and related income are recognised in
the period in which the change occurs.
4.23 Accounting for dividend

As per AS-4 Contingencies and Events occurring after the Balance Sheet date as notified by the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs through the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021, the Bank does not account for proposed dividend
as a liability through appropriation from the Profit and Loss Account. The same is recognised in the year of actual payout
post approval of the shareholders. However, the Bank considers proposed dividend in determining capital funds in
computing the capital adequacy ratio as on the reporting date.
4.24 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, rupee digital currency, balances with RBI, balances with other banks
and money at call and short notice.
4.25. Segment Reporting

The disclosure relating to segment information is made in accordance with AS-17: Segment Reporting and relevant
guidelines issued by the RBI.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
18 Notes forming part of the Financial Statements

Statutory disclosures as per RBI
1.1. Regulatory Capital
Composition of Regulatory Capital

The Bank s capital to risk-weighted assets ratio ( Capital Adequacy Ratio ) is calculated in accordance with the RBI
guidelines on Basel III capital regulations ( Basel III ). The minimum capital ratio requirement under Basel III is as follows:
Minimum ratio of Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets (RWAs)
% of RWA
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1)
8.00
Tier 1 capital
9.50
Total capital
11.50

The capital adequacy ratio of the Bank, calculated as per the RBI guidelines (under Basel III) is set out below:
Capital
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Common Equity Tier I (CET I)
194,606.69
169,352.18
Additional Tier I capital
5,425.33
4,591.23
Tier I capital
200,032.02
173,943.41
Tier II capital
22,251.88
23,113.44
Total capital (Tier I + Tier II)
222,283.90
197,056.85
Total Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs)
13,53,451.99
11,54,074.65
Capital ratios
CET I
14.38%
14.67%
Tier I
14.78%
15.07%
Tier II
1.64%
2.00%
Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Ratio (CRAR)
16.42%
17.07%
Leverage Ratio
9.03%
9.18%
Percentage of the Shareholding of Government of India
Nil
Nil
Amount of paid-up equity capital raised during the year1
2.16
Amount of Non-equity Tier I capital raised during the year
-
Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preference Shares
-
Perpetual Debt Instruments
-
Amount of Tier II capital raised during the year
-
Debt Capital Instruments
-
Perpetual Cumulative Preference Shares (PCPS)
-

1.
During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank raised `680.88 crores (consisting of share capital of `2.16 crores and share premium of
`678.72 crores) pursuant to the exercise of options/units under its employee stock option/units scheme (Previous year `685.87 crores,
consisting of share capital of `2.16 crores and share premium of `683.71 crores)

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank has not raised any non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-I/Tier-II capital.

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank redeemed non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-II capital, the details of
which are set out below:
Instrument
Capital
Period
Coupon
Amount
Subordinated debt
Tier-II
30. September, 2025
8.50%
`1,500.00 crores

During the year ended 31 March, 2025, the Bank has not raised any non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-I/Tier-II capital.

Standalone Financial Statements

During the year ended 31 March, 2025, the Bank redeemed non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-II capital, the details of
which are set out below:
Instrument
Capital
Period
Coupon
Amount
Subordinated debt
Tier-II
12. February, 2025
8.45%
`850.00 crores
Capital and Reserves and Surplus
Share Capital

During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, the Bank has not raised equity capital other than through
allotment of equity shares to eligible employees upon exercise of options/units under its Employees Stock Option/
Units Scheme. During the year ended 31 March, 2026, pursuant to the exercise of options/units, the Bank has raised
`680.88 crores, consisting of share capital of `2.16 crores and share premium of `678.72 crores (Previous year `685.87
crores, consisting of share capital of `2.16 crores and share premium of `683.71 crores).
Draw down from Reserves

During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025 the Bank has not undertaken any drawdown from reserves.
Capital Reserve

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank appropriated `506.52 crores (previous year `214.35 crores) to
the Capital Reserve, net of taxes and transfer to Statutory Reserve, being the gain on sale of HTM investments in
accordance with RBI guidelines.
Special Reserve

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank appropriated `976.81 crores (previous year `1,024.73 crores) to the
Special Reserve created and maintained in terms of Section 36(1)(viii) of the Income-tax Act, 1961.
Investment Reserve

Effective 1st April, 2024 the Bank adopted the revised framework as detailed in RBI Master Direction on Classification,
Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio issued on 12 September, 2023 ( RBI Investment Direction 2023 ).
Accordingly in the previous year, as prescribed under the transition provisions of the RBI Investment Direction 2023,
the Bank transferred the balance in the Investment Reserve Account as at 31 March, 2024 of `242.29 crores to the
General Reserve.
vi)
General Reserve

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank transferred `2.55 crores (previous year `7.98 crores) to the General
Reserve from the Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding Account, in respect of vested employee stock options/
units that have lapsed during the year. The addition to General Reserve also includes `0.04 crores (previous year nil) on
account of exchange rate fluctuation arising on revaluation of a part of General Reserve balance held in foreign currency.

Further during the previous year ended 31 March 2025, the Bank has also transferred to the General Reserve an
amount of `242.29 crores from the Investment Reserve and an amount of `1,217.86 crores (net of tax) on account of
reversal of balance in provision for depreciation on investments as at 31 March, 2024 and adjustment for the difference
between the carrying value of its investment portfolio as per the revised framework and the previous carrying value as
at 31 March, 2024, as per the transition provisions of RBI Investment Direction 2023.
vii) Investment Fluctuation Reserve

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank appropriated `136.00 crores (previous year `248.00 crores) to the
Investment Fluctuation Reserve in accordance with RBI guidelines.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
viii) Available for Sale (AFS) Reserve

The valuation gains and losses for the year ended 31 March, 2026, across all performing investments held under AFS
category investments are aggregated and the net loss amounting to `300.99 crores (net of tax) (previous year net gain
of `110.39 crores) has been directly recognised in the AFS Reserve.
ix)
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank recognised a loss of `6.87 crores (previous year loss of `1.64 crores)
in the Cash Flow Hedge Reserve on derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedge.
1.2. Asset Liability management
Maturity pattern of certain items of assets and liabilities1

As at 31 March, 2026
Deposits2
Advances2,3
Investments2,5
Borrowings2
Foreign
Currency
Assets4
Foreign
Currency
Liabilities4
1 day
21,994.83
6,768.46
199,911.20
-
24,026.88
1,056.63
2 days to 7 days
44,811.76
30,376.15
22,287.10
458.17
14,734.27
2,670.15
8 days to 14 days
20,682.25
18,358.31
7,782.75
1,376.59
3,078.89
2,220.47
15 days to 30 days
37,183.92
29,189.57
10,619.88
5,827.19
5,543.21
4,474.23
31 days and upto 2 months
51,176.15
58,247.61
9,559.57
7,486.84
4,370.81
6,674.27
Over 2 months and upto 3 months
53,159.56
45,478.80
9,534.67
11,125.16
7,240.63
12,680.61
Over 3 months and upto 6 months
104,013.54
64,010.91
15,543.83
38,804.14
10,618.38
31,852.35
Over 6 months and upto 1 year
211,869.61
97,830.01
37,868.73
50,353.68
11,087.16
27,346.33
Over 1 year and upto 3 years
109,711.05
275,022.17
23,136.02
70,628.39
11,057.21
25,417.28
Over 3 years and upto 5 years
6,497.97
149,481.35
4,786.25
20,039.63
7,249.05
4,996.57
Over 5 years
674,733.33
458,806.54
103,614.74
29,170.82
33,364.49
12,590.73
Total
13,35,833.97
12,33,569.88
444,644.73
235,270.61
132,370.98
131,979.62

As at 31 March, 2025
Deposits2
Advances2,3
Investments2,5
Borrowings2
Foreign
Currency
Assets4
Foreign
Currency
Liabilities4
1 day
19,725.27
9,009.03
150,290.01
-
18,244.42
828.23
2 days to 7 days
48,390.24
25,386.67
30,356.65
292.11
6,405.06
2,006.05
8 days to 14 days
20,856.54
13,050.99
11,706.88
446.51
1,161.41
2,000.94
15 days to 30 days
43,916.84
22,683.85
13,959.21
3,330.65
5,485.67
4,107.89
31 days and upto 2 months
51,965.92
60,368.17
12,861.37
5,628.96
11,184.97
6,880.45
Over 2 months and upto 3 months
54,111.68
31,257.99
11,387.57
10,203.98
6,908.00
9,663.60
Over 3 months and upto 6 months
97,622.04
40,740.37
14,964.04
31,003.11
10,743.45
22,387.51
Over 6 months and upto 1 year
160,994.43
76,796.43
23,495.77
33,639.38
4,796.35
16,484.63
Over 1 year and upto 3 years
76,932.86
217,950.51
23,825.03
67,288.90
4,513.33
18,279.92
Over 3 years and upto 5 years
5,901.19
121,820.19
3,977.25
7,567.74
3,722.42
4,085.90
Over 5 years
592,535.01
421,747.12
98,932.49
24,745.18
25,525.34
11,435.14
Total
11,72,952.02
10,40,811.32
395,756.27
184,146.52
98,690.42
98,160.26

1.
Classification of assets and liabilities under the different maturity buckets is based on the same estimates and assumptions as used by
the Bank for compiling the return submitted to the RBI, which has been relied upon by the auditors

2.
Includes foreign currency balances

3.
For the purpose of disclosing the maturity pattern, advances that have been subject to risk participation vide Inter-Bank Participation
Certificates ( IBPCs ) and Funded Risk Participation ( FRPs ) have been classified in the maturity bucket corresponding to the contractual
maturities of IBPC/FRP instruments

4.
Maturity profile of foreign currency assets and liabilities excludes off balance sheet items

5.
Listed equity investments (except strategic investments) have been considered at 50% haircut as per RBI directions

Standalone Financial Statements
Disclosure on Liquidity Coverage Ratio

Qualitative disclosure

The Bank has adopted the Basel III framework on liquidity standards as prescribed by RBI and has put in place
requisite systems and processes to enable periodical computation and reporting of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio
(LCR). The mandated regulatory threshold is embedded into the Risk Appetite Statement of the Bank thus subjecting
LCR maintenance to Board oversight and periodical review. The Bank computes the LCR and reports the same to
the Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) every month for review as well as to the Risk Management
Committee of the Board.

The Bank computes LCR on a daily basis and in accordance with RBI guidelines the quarterly disclosures of LCR contain
data on the simple average calculated on daily observations over the quarter.

The Bank follows the criteria laid down by RBI for calculation of High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA), gross outflows
and inflows within the next 30-day period. HQLA predominantly comprises Government securities viz. Treasury Bills,
Central and State Government securities. A relatively smaller part of HQLA is accounted for by the corporate bonds
with mandated haircuts applied thereto.

The Bank monitors the concentration of funding sources from significant counterparties, significant instruments/
products as part of the asset liability management framework. The Bank adheres to the regulatory and internal limits
on Inter-bank liability and call money borrowings which form part of the ALM policy. The Bank s funding sources are
fairly dispersed across sources and maturities.

Expected derivative cash outflows and inflows are calculated for outstanding contracts in accordance with laid down
valuation methodologies. Cash flows, if any, from collaterals posted against derivatives are not considered.

Apart from the LCR position in all currencies put together, the Bank monitors the LCR in US Dollar currency which
qualifies as a significant currency as per RBI guidelines.

The liquidity management of the Bank is undertaken by the Asset Liability Management group in the Treasury department
in accordance with the Board approved policies and ALCO approved funding plans. The Risk department measures
and monitors the liquidity profile of the Bank with reference to the Board approved limits, for both domestic as well
as overseas operations, on a static as well as on a dynamic basis by using the gap analysis technique supplemented
by monitoring of key liquidity ratios and periodical liquidity stress testing. Periodical reports are placed before the
Bank s ALCO for perusal and review. As per RBI guidelines, the Bank is required to maintain a minimum of 100% of
Liquidity Coverage Ratio, which was applicable for all the quarters for the financial years ending on 31 March, 2026 and
31 March, 2025.

All significant outflows and inflows determined in accordance with RBI guidelines are included in the prescribed LCR
computation template.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Quantitative disclosure
Quarter ended
31. March, 2026
Quarter ended
31. December, 2025
Quarter ended
30. September, 2025
Quarter ended
30. June, 2025
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
High Quality Liquid Assets
Total High Quality Liquid Assets
(HQLAs)
364,859.53
362,100.44
331,076.55
309,936.00
Cash Outflows
Retail Deposits and deposits from small
business customers, of which:
671,561.59
64,450.25
662,775.66
63,425.66
643,901.03
59,938.10
626,572.82
58,352.94
Stable Deposits
54,118.26
2,705.91
57,038.11
2,851.91
89,040.02
4,452.00
86,086.84
4,304.34
Less Stable Deposits
617,443.34
61,744.33
605,737.54
60,573.75
554,861.01
55,486.10
540,485.98
54,048.60
Unsecured wholesale funding,
of which :
390,532.91
239,469.79
367,560.81
229,653.73
331,662.46
204,285.93
304,833.67
183,974.45
Operational deposits (all
counterparties)
-
Non-operational deposits (all
counterparties)
390,532.91
239,469.79
367,560.81
229,653.73
331,662.46
204,285.93
304,833.67
183,974.45
Unsecured debt
-
Secured wholesale funding
235.19
-
96.20
Additional requirements,
of which:
80,317.17
62,516.64
81,361.71
64,530.95
72,735.53
57,292.25
73,045.23
58,931.62
Outflows related to derivative
exposures and other collateral
requirements
57,115.95
59,219.69
52,370.66
54,418.37
Outflows related to loss of
funding on debt products
-
Credit and liquidity facilities
23,201.22
5,400.69
22,142.02
5,311.26
20,364.86
4,921.59
18,626.87
4,513.25
Other contractual funding obligations
23,456.81
27,349.65
27,545.47
29,256.55
Other contingent funding obligations
7,02,484.23
29,940.16
687,962.34
29,425.27
659,175.15
28,154.80
627,206.40
26,781.60
Total Cash Outflows
4,20,068.84
414,385.26
377,216.55
357,393.36
Cash Inflows
Secured lending (eg. reverse repo)
1,328.96
-
7,370.48
1.36
9,048.49
2.00
571.24
-
Inflows from fully performing exposures
89,110.19
57,355.65
79,082.19
50,867.37
78,871.55
52,349.42
74,023.35
48,101.94
Other cash inflows
53,982.21
55,763.42
49,859.54
51,920.92
Total Cash Inflows
144,421.36
111,337.86
142,216.09
106,632.15
137,779.58
102,210.95
126,515.51
100,022.86
Total adjusted Value
Total adjusted Value
Total adjusted Value
Total adjusted Value
Total HQLA
3,64,859.53
362,100.44
331,076.55
309,936.00
Total Net Cash Outflows
3,08,730.98
307,753.11
275,005.60
257,370.50
Liquidity Coverage Ratio %
118.18%
117.66%
120.39%
120.42%
Notes
1)
In accordance with the RBI guidelines, the average Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) is disclosed as a simple daily average. Accordingly, the
average LCR for Q1 FY26, Q2 FY26, Q3 FY26 and Q4 FY26 has been computed using 91, 92, 92 and 90 daily observations, respectively
2)
Classification of inflows and outflows for determining the run off factors is based on the same estimates and assumptions as used by the Bank
for compiling the return submitted to the RBI, which has been relied upon by the auditors

Standalone Financial Statements
Quarter ended
31. March, 2025
Quarter ended
31. December, 2024
Quarter ended
30. September, 2024
Quarter ended
30. June, 2024
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
Total
Unweighted
Value
Total
Weighted
Value
High Quality Liquid Assets
Total High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLAs)
299,977.69
294,959.58
282,668.50
268,095.26
Cash Outflows
Retail Deposits and deposits from small business
customers, of which:
610,744.17
56,940.49
606,354.20
53,737.15
596,714.54
52,748.26
587,857.21
51,956.74
Stable Deposits
82,678.53
4,133.93
137,965.45
6,898.27
138,463.84
6,923.19
136,579.64
6,828.98
Less Stable Deposits
528,065.64
52,806.56
468,388.75
46,838.87
458,250.70
45,825.07
451,277.56
45,127.76
Unsecured wholesale funding, of which :
305,685.55
1,79,597.15
295,120.79
173,029.00
291,319.65
173,208.78
290,454.26
158,852.28
Operational deposits (all counterparties)
-
21,290.02
5,317.34
Non-operational deposits
(all counterparties)
305,685.55
1,79,597.15
295,120.79
173,029.00
291,319.65
173,208.78
269,164.24
153,534.94
Unsecured debt
-
Secured wholesale funding
115.36
0.53
8.70
0.16
Additional requirements,
of which:
69,054.62
55,942.12
64,569.90
51,748.96
65,556.63
53,341.67
60,386.61
47,581.30
Outflows related to derivative exposures
and other collateral requirements
51,694.26
47,934.96
49,652.28
44,102.31
Outflows related to loss of funding on
debt products
-
Credit and liquidity facilities
17,360.36
4,247.86
16,634.94
3,814.00
15,904.36
3,689.39
16,284.30
3,478.99
Other contractual funding obligations
32,563.04
33,882.50
30,155.32
21,747.07
Other contingent funding obligations
606,855.74
25,854.97
583,076.18
24,912.00
579,719.15
24,955.40
575,087.14
24,771.04
Total Cash Outflows
351,013.14
337,310.13
334,418.13
304,908.59
Cash Inflows
Secured lending (eg. reverse repo)
922.50
-
851.25
-
10,711.10
2.75
1,475.84
9.61
Inflows from fully performing exposures
76,519.90
50,176.02
70,375.55
46,142.74
65,847.29
44,446.28
61,175.32
42,782.03
Other cash inflows
49,495.45
45,919.08
46,681.80
41,220.83
Total Cash Inflows
126,937.86
99,671.48
117,145.88
92,061.82
123,240.18
91,130.82
103,871.99
84,012.48
Total adjusted Value
Total adjusted Value
Total adjusted Value
Total adjusted Value
Total HQLA
2,99,977.69
294,959.58
282,668.50
268,095.26
Total Net Cash Outflows
2,51,341.66
245,248.32
243,287.31
220,896.11
Liquidity Coverage Ratio %
119.35%
120.27%
116.19%
121.37%
Notes
1)
In accordance with the RBI guidelines, the average Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) is disclosed as a simple daily average. Accordingly, the
average LCR for Q1 FY25, Q2 FY25, Q3 FY25 and Q4 FY25 has been computed using 91, 92, 92 and 90 daily observations, respectively.
2)
Classification of inflows and outflows for determining the run off factors is based on the same estimates and assumptions as used by the Bank
for compiling the return submitted to the RBI, which has been relied upon by the auditors.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1.3. Investments
Disclosure of carrying value of investments and fair value (composition of investment portfolio)

As at 31 March, 2026
Particulars
Held to Maturity (HTM)
Available
for Sale
(AFS)
Fair Value through Profit &
Loss (FVTPL)
Subsidiaries, Associates
& JVs
At cost
Fair Value
Held for
(HFT)
Non-Held
for Trading
(Non-HFT)
At cost
Fair Value
Investments in India

Government securities
301,818.25
296,701.16
27,530.58
20,363.41
-

-

Shares
-
1,359.09
960.21

Debentures and Bonds
2,042.00
2,069.95
13,152.26
30,114.78
5,363.58

Subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures

6,522.69
6,522.69*

(vi)
Others1
-
9,684.04
461.10
1,213.41

Total
303,860.25
298,771.11
50,366.88
52,298.38
7,537.20
6,522.69
Less: Provisions for impairment /
Non-Performing Investments (NPI)
-
(211.95)
(27.33)
(74.98)
-
Net
303,860.25
298,771.11
50,154.93
52,271.05
7,462.22
6,522.69
Investments outside India

Government securities
-
24,186.54
-

Subsidiaries and joint ventures

3.02

Others1
-
564.64
266.52

Total
-
24,186.54
564.64
266.52
3.02

Less: Provisions for impairment /
Non-Performing Investments (NPI)
-
(259.06)
-
Net
-
24,186.54
564.64
7.46
3.02
Total investments (I+II)
303,860.25
298,771.11
74,341.47
52,835.69
7,469.68
6,525.71
6,522.69

* represents book value

1.
Others under Investments in India include investments in Mutual Funds, Security Receipts, Alternative Investment Funds, Venture
Capital Funds, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts, Pass Through Certificates and Private Equity Fund (LLP)
As at 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Held to Maturity (HTM)
Available for
Sale
(AFS)
Fair Value through Profit
& Loss
(FVTPL)
Subsidiaries, Associates
& JVs
At cost
Fair Value
Held for
(HFT)
Non-Held
for Trading
(Non-HFT)
At cost
Fair Value
Investments in India

Government securities
258,551.22
262,382.28
13,314.05
20,774.97
-

-

Shares
-
1,827.19
770.20

Debentures and Bonds
2,460.00
2,503.77
16,883.39
48,794.98
5,082.96

Subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures

6,492.69
6,492.69*

(vi)
Others1
-
4,246.54
124.35
1,311.71

Total
261,011.22
264,886.05
34,443.98
71,521.49
7,164.88
6,492.69
Less: Provisions for impairment / Non-
Performing Investments (NPI)
-
(261.95)
(27.33)
(0.33)
-
Net
261,011.22
264,886.05
34,182.03
71,494.16
7,164.55
6,492.69

Standalone Financial Statements
As at 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Held to Maturity (HTM)
Available for
Sale
(AFS)
Fair Value through Profit
& Loss
(FVTPL)
Subsidiaries, Associates
& JVs
At cost
Fair Value
Held for
(HFT)
Non-Held
for Trading
(Non-HFT)
At cost
Fair Value
Investments outside India

Government securities (including
local authorities)
-
15,435.26
-

Subsidiaries and joint ventures

3.02

Others1
-
353.79
244.38

Total
-
15,435.26
353.79
244.38
3.02

Less: Provisions for impairment /
Non-Performing Investments (NPI)
-
(239.31)
-
Net
-
15,435.26
353.79
5.07
3.02
Total investments (I+II)
261,011.22
264,886.05
49,617.29
71,847.95
7,169.62
6,495.71
6,492.69

* represents book value

1.
Others under Investments in India include investments in Mutual Funds, Security Receipts, Alternative Investment Funds, Venture
Capital Funds, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts, Pass Through Certificates and Private Equity Fund (LLP)
Fair Value Hierarchy of investment portfolio measured at fair value on balance sheet

As at 31 March, 2026
Particulars
AFS
FVTPL
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Investments in India1

Government securities
23,256.68
4,273.90
-
27,530.58
14,507.31
5,856.10
-
20,363.41

-

Shares
-
1,339.71
-
951.94
2,291.65

(iv) Debentures and Bonds
1,268.35
11,383.60
288.36
12,940.31
25,822.52
9,439.15
142.03
35,403.70

(vi) Others2
-
9,684.04
436.29
24.80
1,213.42
1,674.51
Total
24,525.03
15,657.50
9,972.40
50,154.93
42,105.83
15,320.05
2,307.39
59,733.27

Investments outside India1

Government securities
24,186.54
-
24,186.54
-

Others2
-
564.64
-
7.46
572.10
Total
24,186.54
-
24,186.54
564.64
-
7.46
572.10

Total investments (I+II)
48,711.57
15,657.50
9,972.40
74,341.47
42,670.47
15,320.05
2,314.85
60,305.37

1.
Net of provision for non-performing investments

2.
Others under Investments in India include investments in Mutual Funds, Security Receipts, Alternative Investment Funds, Venture
Capital Funds, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts, Pass Through Certificates and Private Equity Fund (LLP)

3.
Level 1 securities include treasury bills and CP/CDs that are valued at cost as per RBI guidelines

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

As at 31 March, 2025
Particulars
AFS
FVTPL
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Investments in India1

Government securities
10,578.92
2,735.13
-
13,314.05
19,071.33
1,703.64
-
20,774.97

-

(iii) Shares
-
1,799.86
-
769.88
2,569.74

(iv) Debentures and Bonds
4,392.14
11,690.27
539.03
16,621.44
45,225.77
8,192.05
460.12
53,877.94

(vi) Others2
-
4,246.54
124.35
-
1,311.71
1,436.06
Total
14,791.06
14,425.40
4,785.57
34,182.03
66,221.31
9,895.69
2,541.71
78,658.71

Investments outside India1

Government securities
15,435.26
-
15,435.26
-

(ii) Subsidiaries, associates and

(iii) Others2
-
353.79
-
5.07
358.86
Total
15,435.26
-
15,435.26
353.79
-
5.07
358.86
Total investments (I+II)
30,406.32
14,425.40
4,785.57
49,617.29
66,575.10
9,895.69
2,546.78
79,017.57

1.
Net of provision for non-performing investments

2.
Others under Investments in India include investments in Mutual Funds, Security Receipts, Alternative Investment Funds, Venture
Capital Funds, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts, Pass Through Certificates and Private Equity Fund (LLP)

3.
Level 1 securities include treasury bills and CP/CDs that are valued at cost as per RBI guidelines
Movement of Provisions for non-performing investments (NPIs) and Investment Fluctuation Reserve
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
A
Movement of provisions held NPIs
Opening Balance
528.92
782.08
Add/(Less): Intra-category Transfers
87.70
27.33
Add: Provisions made during the year*
6.71
(6.37)
Less: Write off/ write back of excess provisions during the year (including
provision in respect of Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA accounts)
(9.84)
(274.12)
Closing Balance
613.49
528.92
B
Movement of Investment Fluctuation Reserve (IFR)
Opening Balance
2,909.00
2,661.00
Add : Amount transferred during the year
136.00
248.00
Less : Drawdown
-
Closing Balance
3,045.00
2,909.00
Closing Balance in IFR as a percentage of closing balance of investments in AFS
and FVTPL category (net of provision for non-performing investments)
2.26%

*including exchange rate fluctuation
Net gains/ (losses) on Level 3 financial instruments recognised in AFS-Reserve and Profit and Loss account
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Recognised in AFS-Reserve*
(130.47)
19.41
Recognised in Profit and Loss Account*
87.24
266.18

* represents unrealised gains/(losses) recognised during the year on level 3 financial instruments (gross of tax)

Standalone Financial Statements
Sale and transfers to/from HTM category

During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, the value of sales/transfers of securities to/from
HTM category (excluding one-time transfer of securities, additional shifting of securities explicitly permitted
by RBI and sales to RBI under Open Market Operations (OMO)/Government Securities Acquisition Programme
(GSAP)/Conversion/Switch auctions) did not exceed 5% of the book value of investments held in HTM category at
the beginning of the year.

Details of sales made out of HTM are set out below:
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
A
Opening carrying value of securities in HTM
261,011.22
205,756.12
B
Carrying value of all HTM securities sold during the year
30,999.26
18,119.90
Less: Carrying values of securities sold under situations exempted from
regulatory limit
26,461.21
12,474.97
Carrying value of securities sold (D=B-C)
4,538.05
5,644.93
E
Securities sold as a percentage of opening carrying value of securities in
HTM (E=D A)
1.74%
2.74%
F
Amount transferred to Capital Reserve in respect of HTM securities which
were sold at a gain
506.52
214.35
Reclassification between categories of investments

During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, the Bank has not reclassified any investments from one
category to another.
Non-SLR investment portfolio

Movement in non-performing non-SLR investments is set out below:
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Opening balance
528.92
782.08
Add/(Less): Intra-category Transfers
87.70
34.31
60.68
(2.62)
(63.81)
(284.85)
Closing balance
613.49
528.92
Total provisions held (including provision in respect of Interest Capitalisation -
Restructured NPA accounts)
613.49
528.92

1.

Issuer composition Non-SLR investments*
As at 31 March, 2026
Issuer
Total
Amount
Extent of
Extent of
Extent of
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
Public Sector Units
1,822.19
1,344.54
84.58
-
172.73
Financial Institutions
22,723.92
17,682.15
71.33
-
1.86
Banks
11,187.28
10,312.02
-
14.79
Private Corporates
17,932.67
16,192.36
247.83
208.59
4,917.79
Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures/Associate
6,525.71
5,271.61
-
6,000.71
Others
35,499.18
11,051.42
-
10,874.46
Mark-to-market gain/(loss) recognised
over book value of the investments
202.93

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
As at 31 March, 2026
Issuer
Total
Amount
Extent of
Extent of
Extent of
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
Provision held towards non performing
investments
(573.32)
Total
95,320.56
61,854.10
403.74
208.59
21,982.34

Amounts reported under columns (4), (5), (6) and (7) above are not mutually exclusive.

As at 31 March, 2025
Issuer
Total
Amount
Extent of
Extent of
Extent of
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
Public Sector Units
3,019.90
2,321.09
84.73
-
172.73
Financial Institutions
35,773.94
29,424.57
69.73
-
1.86
Banks
16,917.14
14,268.46
-
14.79
Private Corporates
20,454.59
17,886.66
294.02
103.37
4,412.76
Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures
6,495.71
5,921.75
-
6,000.71
Others
20,873.58
5,440.05
-
5,315.65
Mark-to-market gain/(loss) recognised over
book value of the investments
495.61
Provision held towards non performing
investments
(528.92)
Total
103,501.55
75,262.58
448.48
103.37
15,918.50

Amounts reported under columns (4), (5), (6) and (7) above are not mutually exclusive.

*excludes investments in non-SLR government securities amounting to `5,000.00 (previous year `5,000.00)
Repo Transactions

Details of securities sold/purchased under repos/reverse repos including LAF and MSF transactions (including Triparty
repos and repos under Targeted Long Term Repo Operations):

Year ended 31 March, 2026
Minimum
Maximum
Daily Average
As at
31. March, 2026
Securities sold under repos (In face value terms)
Government Securities
-
42,858.53
7,561.95
-
Corporate debt Securities
-
2,225.00
574.47
2,050.00
-
Securities sold under repos (In market value terms)
Government Securities
-
43,037.71
7,687.43
-
Corporate debt Securities
-
2,222.76
572.25
2,036.79
-
Securities purchased under reverse repos (In face value terms)
Government Securities
-
33,628.77
4,603.15
1,997.45
Corporate debt Securities
-
Securities purchased under reverse repos (In market value
terms)
Government Securities
-
33,558.86
4,532.23
1,952.35
Corporate debt Securities
-

Standalone Financial Statements

There have been no defaults in making the same set of securities available at the time of 2nd leg settlement of the Term
Reverse Repo during the year ended 31 March, 2026.

Year ended 31 March, 2025
Minimum
Maximum
Daily Average
As at
31. March, 2025
Securities sold under repos (In face value terms)
Government Securities
-
42,425.12
10,096.98
-
Corporate debt Securities
-
1,040.00
173.83
640.00
-
Securities sold under repos (In market value terms)
Government Securities
-
42,583.71
10,131.41
-
Corporate debt Securities
-
1,040.62
172.41
631.69
-
Securities purchased under reverse repos (In face value terms)
Government Securities
-
27,622.73
3,564.37
4,403.71
Corporate debt Securities
-
35.00
0.51
-
Securities purchased under reverse repos (In market value
terms)
Government Securities
-
27,066.15
3,516.25
4,460.50
Corporate debt Securities
-
34.62
0.50
-

There have been no defaults in making the same set of securities available at the time of 2nd leg settlement of the Term
Reverse Repo during the year ended 31 March, 2025.
Government Security Lending (GSL) transactions (in market value terms)

Year ended 31 March, 2026
Minimum
Maximum
Daily average
Total volume
of transactions
As at
31. March, 2026
Securities lent through GSL transactions
-
Securities borrowed through GSL transactions
-
Securities placed as collateral under GSL
-
Securities received as collateral under GSL
Transactions
-

Year ended 31 March, 2025
Minimum
Maximum
Daily average
Total volume
of transactions
As at
31. March, 2025
Securities lent through GSL transactions
-
Securities borrowed through GSL transactions
-
Securities placed as collateral under GSL
-
Securities received as collateral under GSL
Transactions
-

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Securities kept as margin (in face value terms)
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Securities kept as margin with Clearing Corporation of India towards:
Collateral and funds management - Member Common Collateral
3,450.00
5,700.00
Collateral and funds management - Tri-party Repo
40,500.00
53,150.00
Default fund - Forex Forward segment
218.55
219.00
Default fund - Forex Settlement segment
43.00
47.00
Default fund - Forex Option segment
1.10
-
Default fund - Rupee Derivatives (Guaranteed Settlement) segment
49.25
44.40
Default fund - Securities segment
40.90
16.10
Default fund - Tri-party repo segment
5.00
5.50
Securities kept as margin with the RBI towards:
Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS)
40,260.41
45,730.41
Repo constituent
40,969.61
65,003.10
Securities kept as margin with National Securities Clearing Corporation of India
(NSCCIL) towards various segments
105.35
125.35
Securities kept as margin with Indian Clearing Corporation of India (ICCL)
towards capital market
5.50
Total
125,648.67
170,046.36
1.4. Asset Quality
Movement in gross non-performing assets is set out below:
31. March, 2026
Advances
Investments
Total
Gross NPAs as at the beginning of the year
13,961.19
528.92
14,490.11
Intra Category Transfer
(87.70)
87.70
-
Additions (fresh NPAs) during the year1
24,515.83
60.68
24,576.51
Sub-total (A)
38,389.32
677.30
39,066.62
Less:-
Upgradations
(7,445.44)
(13.79)
(7,459.23)
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)2
(3,099.76)
(8.81)
(3,108.57)
(iii) Technical/Prudential Write-offs3
(8,467.78)
-
(8,467.78)
(iv) Write-offs other than those under (iii) above
(3,906.18)
(41.21)
(3,947.39)
Sub-total (B)
(22,919.16)
(63.81)
(22,982.97)
Gross NPAs as at the end of the year (A-B)
15,740.16
613.49
16,083.65

1.

2.
includes recoveries from sale of NPAs

3.
represents cases where the non-performing assets remain outstanding at borrowers loan account level but are written-off (fully
or partially) by the Bank only for accounting purposes, without involving any waiver of claims against the borrower, and without
prejudice to the recovery of the same

Standalone Financial Statements
31. March, 2025
Advances
Investments
Total
Gross NPAs as at the beginning of the year
14,345.04
782.08
15,127.12
Intra Category Transfer
(34.31)
34.31
-
Additions (fresh NPAs) during the year1
19,476.28
(2.62)
19,473.66
Sub-total (A)
33,787.01
813.77
34,600.78
Less:-
Upgradations
(4,617.70)
(8.88)
(4,626.58)
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)2
(3,401.73)
(250.09)
(3,651.82)
(iii) Technical/Prudential Write-offs3
(6,798.43)
(25.88)
(6,824.31)
(iv) Write-offs other than those under (iii) above
(5,007.96)
-
(5,007.96)
Sub-total (B)
(19,825.82)
(284.85)
(20,110.67)
Gross NPAs as at the end of the year (A-B)
13,961.19
528.92
14,490.11

1.

2.
includes recoveries from sale of NPAs

3.
represents cases where the non-performing assets remain outstanding at borrowers loan account level but are written-off (fully
or partially) by the Bank only for accounting purposes, without involving any waiver of claims against the borrower, and without
prejudice to the recovery of the same

Movement in provisions for non-performing assets is set out below:
31. March, 2026
Advances
Investments
Total
10,272.49
528.92
10,801.41
Intra-Category Transfer
(87.70)
87.70
-
13,138.84
(13.04)
13,125.80
36.19
19.75
55.94
-
Provision in respect of Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA
Accounts
(6.10)
40.17
34.07
Write-offs/(write back) of excess provision
(12,676.40)
(50.01)
(12,726.41)
10,677.32
613.49
11,290.81

31. March, 2025
Advances
Investments
Total
11,094.32
782.08
11,876.40
Intra-Category Transfer
(27.33)
27.33
-
12,140.26
(1.73)
12,138.53
15.43
(4.64)
10.79
-
Provision in respect of Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA
Accounts
(21.56)
(0.13)
(21.69)
Write-offs/(write back) of excess provision
(12,928.63)
(273.99)
(13,202.62)
10,272.49
528.92
10,801.41

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Movement in net non-performing assets is set out below:

31. March, 2026
Advances
Investments
Total
(excluding floating provision)
3,688.70
-
3,688.70
Intra-Category Transfer
-
11,376.99
73.72
11,450.71
(36.19)
(19.75)
(55.94)
(10,242.76)
(13.80)
(10,256.56)
Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA Accounts
6.10
(40.17)
(34.07)
4,792.84
-
4,792.84
Less :- Floating Provision
(3.25)
-
(3.25)
Net NPA at the end of the year
4,789.59
-
4,789.59

31. March, 2025
Advances
Investments
Total
(excluding floating provision)
3,250.72
-
3,250.72
Intra-Category Transfer
(6.98)
6.98
-
7,336.02
(0.89)
7,335.13
(15.43)
4.64
(10.79)
(6,897.19)
(10.86)
(6,908.05)
Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA Accounts
21.56
0.13
21.69
3,688.70
-
3,688.70
Less :- Floating Provision
(3.25)
-
(3.25)
Net NPA at the end of the year
3,685.45
-
3,685.45

Classification of advances and provisions held
For the year 31 March, 2026
Standard
Non-Performing
Total
Total
Standard
Advances
Sub-
Doubtful
Loss
Total Non-
Performing
Advances
Gross Standard Advances and NPAs
Opening Balance
10,37,125.87
7,685.65
3,388.53
2,887.01
13,961.19
10,51,087.06
(87.70)
Add: Additions during the year
24,515.83
Less: Reductions during the year*
(22,919.16)
Closing Balance
12,28,780.28
8,952.18
4,100.55
2,417.43
15,470.16
12,44,250.44
*Reductions in Gross NPAs due to:
Upgradation
(7,445.44)
Recoveries (excluding recoveries from upgraded
accounts)
(3,099.76)
Technical/Prudential Write-offs
(8,467.78)
Write-offs other than (iii) above1
(3,906.18)
Provisions (excluding Floating Provisions) 2
Opening Balance of Provisions held
4,950.06*
4,752.34
2,633.14
2,887.01
10,272.49
15,222.55
(87.70)
Add: Fresh provisions made during the year
13,138.84
Add: Provision in respect of Interest Capitalisation -
Restructured NPA Accounts
(6.10)
36.19
-
Less: Excess Provision reversed/ Write-off loans
(12,676.40)
Closing Balance of Provisions held
6,743.12*
4,973.39
3,286.50
2,417.43
10,677.32
17,420.44

Standalone Financial Statements
For the year 31 March, 2026
Standard
Non-Performing
Total
Total
Standard
Advances
Sub-
Doubtful
Loss
Total Non-
Performing
Advances
Net NPAs
Opening Balance (excluding floating provision)
2,933.31
755.39
3,688.70
Less: Floating provision
(3.25)
-
Add: Fresh Additions during the year
11,376.99
Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA Accounts
6.10
(36.19)
Less: Reductions during the year
(10,242.76)
Closing Balance
3,978.79
814.05
-
4,789.59
Floating Provisions
Opening Balance
3.25
Add: Additional provisions made during the year
-
Less: Amount of drawn down during the year
-
Closing Balance of Floating provisions
3.25
Technical write-offs and recoveries made thereon
(includes advances, investments and others)
Opening balance of Technical/Prudential written-off
42,817.64
Add: Technical/ Prudential write-offs during the year
8,467.78
Add: Effect of exchange rate fluctuation
687.98
Less: Recoveries made from previously technical/
prudential written-off accounts during the year
2,569.64
Less: Accounts upgraded pursuant to implementation of
resolution plan (change in ownership)
-
Less: Sacrifice made from previously technical/ prudential
written-off accounts during the year
4,773.18
Closing Balance
44,630.58

* represents general provision against standard assets relating to advances (Refer item 5 (IV) under schedule 5 - Other liabilities
and provision )

1.
including sale of NPAs

2.
including provision in respect of Interest Capitalization - Restructured Accounts, in respect of NPA accounts amounting to
`1.37 crores which is not recognized as income as per RBI guidelines
For the year 31 March, 2025
Standard
Non-Performing
Total
Total
Standard
Advances
Sub-
Doubtful
Loss
Total Non-
Performing
Advances
Gross Standard Advances and NPAs
Opening Balance
961,820.91
5,212.30
3,888.71
5,244.03
14,345.04
976,165.95
(34.31)
Add: Additions during the year
19,476.28
Less: Reductions during the year*
(19,825.82)
Closing Balance
10,37,125.87
7,685.65
3,388.53
2,887.01
13,961.19
10,51,087.06
*Reductions in Gross NPAs due to:
Upgradation
(4,617.70)
Recoveries (excluding recoveries from upgraded
accounts)1
(3,401.73)
Technical/Prudential Write-offs
(6,798.43)
Write-offs other than (iii) above2
(5,007.96)
Provisions (excluding Floating Provisions) 3
Opening Balance of Provisions held
4,900.10*
2,891.08
2,959.21
5,244.03
11,094.32
15,994.42
(27.33)
Add: Fresh provisions made during the year
12,140.26
Add: Provision in respect of Interest Capitalisation -
Restructured NPA Accounts
(21.56)
15.43

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
For the year 31 March, 2025
Standard
Non-Performing
Total
Total
Standard
Advances
Sub-
Doubtful
Loss
Total Non-
Performing
Advances
-
Less: Excess Provision reversed/ Write-off loans
(12,928.63)
Closing Balance of Provisions held
4,950.06*
4,752.34
2,633.14
2,887.01
10,272.49
15,222.55
Net NPAs
Opening Balance (excluding floating provision)
2,321.22
929.50
-
3,250.72
Less: Floating provision
(3.25)
Inter category transfer from/(to) Investments
(6.98)
Add: Fresh Additions during the year
7,336.02
Interest Capitalisation - Restructured NPA Accounts
21.56
(15.43)
Less: Reductions during the year
(6,897.19)
Closing Balance
2,933.31
755.39
-
3,685.45
Floating Provisions
Opening Balance
3.25
Add: Additional provisions made during the year
-
Less: Amount of drawn down during the year
-
Closing Balance of Floating provisions
3.25
Technical write-offs and recoveries made thereon
(includes advances, investments and others)
Opening balance of Technical/Prudential written-off
39,683.15
Add: Technical/ Prudential write-offs during the year
6,824.31
Add: Effect of exchange rate fluctuation
161.10
Less: Recoveries made from previously technical/
prudential written-off accounts during the year
(2,338.50)
Less: Accounts upgraded pursuant to implementation of
resolution plan (change in ownership)
-
Less: Sacrifice made from previously technical/ prudential
written-off accounts during the year
(1,512.42)
Closing Balance
42,817.64

* represents general provision against standard assets relating to advances (Refer item 5 (IV) under Schedule 5 - Other liabilities
and provision )

1.
includes `678.23 crores recovered in the form of Government guaranteed Security Receipts allotted by National Asset
Reconstruction Company Limited (NARCL)

2.
including sale of NPAs

3.
including provision in respect of Interest Capitalization - Restructured Accounts, in respect of NPA accounts amounting to `7.47
crores which is not recognized as income as per RBI guidelines

Key NPA Ratios
Ratios (in percent)
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Gross non-performing advances to Gross Advances
1.24%
1.33%
Net non-performing advances to Net Advances
0.39%
0.35%
Provision Coverage ratio for non-performing assets (including prudential
write offs)
92.11%
93.56%
Gross non-performing assets as a percentage of gross customer assets1
1.23%
1.28%
Net non-performing assets as a percentage of net customer assets1
0.37%
0.33%

1.
Customer assets include advances and credit substitutes

Standalone Financial Statements
Sector-wise advances and Gross NPAs

Sector
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Outstanding
Total
Advances
Gross
NPAs
% of Gross NPAs
to Total Advances
in that sector
Outstanding
Total
Advances
Gross
NPAs
% of Gross
NPAs to Total
Advances in
that sector
A
Priority Sector
Agriculture and allied activities
99,776.11
3,183.39
3.19%
106,466.79
3,202.46
3.01%
Advances to industries sector eligible as
priority sector lending
101,914.73
1,428.89
1.40%
80,987.30
1,199.64
1.48%
- Chemical & Chemical products
10,185.64
89.00
0.87%
8,243.76
54.70
0.66%
- Basic Metal & Metal Products
13,167.26
169.34
1.29%
9,983.85
168.39
1.69%
- Infrastructure
7,445.91
103.38
1.39%
4,578.05
43.00
0.94%
Services
96,446.94
910.86
0.94%
72,647.23
739.53
1.02%
- Banking and Finance other than NBFCs and MFs
605.44
9.34
1.54%
702.57
-
- Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs)
145.60
0.51
0.35%
2,566.05
-
- Commercial Real Estate
22,882.47
4.58
0.02%
13,343.06
6.55
0.05%
- Trade
40,032.51
560.86
1.40%
30,092.16
365.64
1.22%
Personal loans#
150,426.16
2,948.76
1.96%
128,922.81
2,091.27
1.62%
- Housing*
85,325.75
772.93
0.91%
70,255.25
533.03
0.76%
- Vehicle Loans
31,234.59
1,127.27
3.61%
29,816.43
862.75
2.89%
Sub-total (A)
448,563.94
8,471.90
1.89%
389,024.13
7,232.90
1.86%
B
Non Priority Sector
Agriculture and allied activities
2,165.93
136.76
6.31%
1,218.14
25.65
2.11%
Industry
197,056.43
1,126.83
0.57%
157,758.27
1,938.95
1.23%
- Chemical & Chemical products
21,910.86
13.33
0.06%
18,900.84
21.07
0.11%
- Basic Metal & Metal Products
23,350.81
13.88
0.06%
19,386.11
35.79
0.18%
- Infrastructure
76,316.25
162.00
0.21%
49,327.99
526.30
1.07%
Services
185,517.24
551.37
0.30%
148,632.26
853.17
0.57%
- Banking and Finance other than NBFCs and MFs
30,175.22
19.40
0.06%
28,244.41
-
- Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs)
57,644.22
0.05
0.00%
39,094.69
30.86
0.08%
- Commercial Real Estate
34,603.85
38.91
0.11%
23,739.19
170.82
0.72%
- Trade
29,012.90
64.08
0.22%
30,444.48
189.21
0.62%
Personal loans#
410,946.90
5,183.29
1.26%
354,454.26
3,910.52
1.10%
- Housing*
177,045.79
764.04
0.43%
166,409.09
823.07
0.49%
- Vehicle Loans
35,015.13
975.26
2.79%
31,212.93
997.37
3.20%
Sub-total (B)
795,686.50
6,998.25
0.88%
662,062.93
6,728.29
1.02%
Total (A+B)
1,244,250.44
15,470.15
1.24%
1,051,087.06
13,961.19
1.33%

# Personal loans includes retail advances

* includes loans against property

Classification of advances into respective sectors is based on Sectorwise Industry Bank Credit return as submitted to RBI.

Figures in italics represent sub-sectors where the outstanding advance exceeds 10% of total outstanding advance to that sector.
Amount of total assets, non-performing assets and revenue of overseas branches is given below
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total assets1
77,279.43
56,531.95
Total NPAs (Gross)
607.18
654.98
Total NPAs (Net)
-
Total revenue1
3,072.92
3,321.20

1.
Represents total assets and total revenue of foreign operations (refer note no. 2.4 of Schedule 18 on information about business and
geographical segments)

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Particulars of resolution plan and restructuring

Disclosure with regard to implementation of resolution plan as required under RBI circular for Resolution of
Stressed Assets

As on/for the year ended 31 March, 2026
Particulars
Resolution plan
implemented during the
Resolution plan not
implemented within
specified timelines as on
31. March, 2026
No. of borrowers1
Fund and non-fund based outstanding as on 31 March, 20262
281.79
584.94
Additional provisions held as per RBI guidelines
-
73.60

1.
includes prudentially written-off accounts and accounts settled pursuant to implementation of resolution plan

2.
excluding fund based outstanding for prudentially written off cases and outstanding in equity shares

As on/for the year ended 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Resolution plan
implemented during the
Resolution plan not
implemented within
specified timelines as on
31. March, 2025
No. of borrowers1
Fund and non-fund based outstanding as on 31 March, 20252
58.57
950.81
Additional provisions held as per RBI guidelines
-
90.40

1.
includes prudentially written-off accounts and accounts settled pursuant to implementation of resolution plan

2.
excluding fund based outstanding for prudentially written off cases and outstanding in equity shares

Standalone Financial Statements

Details of accounts subjected to restructuring1,2,3,4
(Numbers/` in crores)
Agriculture and
allied activities
Corporate
(excluding MSME)
Micro, Small and
Medium Enterprises
(MSME)5
Retail
(excluding
agriculture and
MSME)
Total
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
As on 31
Standard
Number of
1,180
1,306
1,994
Gross amount
1.00
4.44
21.39
68.21
98.15
150.06
51.99
86.71
172.53
309.42
Provision
0.05
0.22
1.07
3.41
27.83
43.98
2.60
4.34
31.55
51.95
Sub-
Number of
-
2,214
2,384
Gross amount
10.47
4.29
-
1.03
7.73
33.83
24.64
45.33
36.66
Provision
3.16
1.29
-
0.37
1.78
31.28
14.38
34.81
17.45
Doubtful
Number of
8,992
9,303
9,095
9,358
Gross amount
3.58
10.40
30.68
43.99
15.17
47.65
13.65
12.77
63.08
114.81
Provision
2.64
8.84
16.27
27.92
11.80
40.75
10.43
11.69
41.14
89.20
Loss
Number of
-
Gross amount
1.07
0.23
102.87
124.25
0.73
-
8.61
0.61
113.28
125.09
Provision
held6
1.07
0.23
101.51
122.92
0.73
-
8.61
0.61
111.92
123.76
Total
Number of
9,442
10,120
3,133
1,448
12,807
11,669
Gross amount
16.12
19.36
154.94
236.45
115.08
205.44
108.08
124.73
394.22
585.98
Provision
held6
6.92
10.58
118.85
154.25
40.73
86.51
52.92
31.02
219.42
282.36

* while reporting number of borrowers, restructured accounts of same borrowers under different category are reported only
under one category

1.
Excludes prudentially written-off accounts

2.
Excludes accounts where resolution plan is implemented under RBI Resolution Framework for Covid-19 related stress as per RBI
circular dated 6 August, 2020 (Resolution Framework 1.0) and 5 May, 2021 (Resolution Framework 2.0). [Refer note 18 (1.4) (k)]

3.
Includes accounts where restructuring is implemented under RBI circular for Resolution of Stressed Assets (excluding cases of
change in ownership)

4.
Includes compromise settlement accounts treated as restructuring pursuant to RBI guidelines on Resolution of Stressed Assets
where the time for payment of agreed settlement amount exceeds three months

5.
Includes zero MSME borrower accounts restructured under RBI guidelines of January, 2019 amounting to `Nil (Previous year
Zero accounts amounting `Nil)

6.
Excluding balance outstanding in Sundries Account (Interest Capitalization - Restructured Accounts), in respect of NPA accounts
which is not recognized as income as per RBI guidelines
Divergence in asset classification and provisioning

In terms of RBI guidelines, banks are required to disclose the divergences in asset classification and provisioning
consequent to RBI s annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial statements. The disclosure
is required if either or both of the following conditions are satisfied: (a) the additional provisioning for NPAs assessed
by RBI exceeds 5% of the reported profit before provisions and contingencies for the reference period and (b) the
additional Gross NPAs identified by RBI exceed 5% of the published incremental Gross NPAs for the reference period.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Based on the above, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs is required with
respect to RBI s annual supervisory process for the year ended 31 March, 2025 and 31 March, 2024.
Disclosure on transfer of loan exposures

Details of loans not in default acquired and transferred during the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March,
2025 under the RBI guidelines are given below :

Details of loans not in default acquired from other entities:
Particulars
Corporate
Retail
Corporate
Retail
Mode of acquisition
Assignment and
Novation
Assignment
Assignment
Assignment
Aggregate Principal outstanding of
loans acquired
5,026.47
6,138.50
706.30
127.05
Weighted average residual maturity
4.80 years
11.25 years
7.73 years
6.29 years
Weighted average holding period
Retention of beneficial economic
interest by the originator
10%
Coverage of tangible security (for
secured loans)
100% secured
Weighted average
LTV ~48%
83% secured
Weighted average
LTV ~35%
Rating-wise1 distribution of loans
acquired by value
-
A- and above
90%
97%
-
BBB-, BBB and BBB+
10%
3%

1.
Represents internal rating

Details of loans not in default transferred to other entities:
Particulars
Corporate1
Retail
Corporate1
Retail
Mode of transfer
Assignment and
Novation
-
Assignment and
Novation
-
Aggregate Principal outstanding of
loans acquired
24,748.61
-
16,072.15
-
Weighted average residual maturity
-
Weighted average holding period
(for assignment transactions)
0.31 years
-
0.58 years
-
Retention of beneficial economic
interest
Nil
-
Nil
-
Coverage of tangible security (for
secured loans)
99% secured
-
100% secured
-
Rating-wise2 distribution of loans
transferred by value
-
A- and above
93%
-
78%
-
BBB+
7%
-
22%
-

1.
Includes loans under syndication

2.
Represents internal rating

There are no agreements to replace loans transferred to transferees or pay damages arising from any representations
or warranty for any of the loans transferred during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025.

Standalone Financial Statements

Details of stressed loans acquired and transferred during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025
under the RBI Master Direction on Transfer of Loan Exposure dated 24 September, 2021 are given below:

The Bank has not acquired any stressed loans (NPA and SMA accounts) during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and
31 March, 2025.

The Bank has not transferred (excluding prudentially written off accounts) any stressed loans (NPA and SMA
accounts) during the year ended 31st March, 2026.

Details of stressed loans transferred (excluding prudentially written off accounts) during the year ended 31 March,
2025 are given below:
To ARCs
To permitted transferees
To other transferees
NPA
SMA
NPA
SMA
NPA
SMA
No. of accounts
-
Aggregate principal outstanding of loans
transferred (on the date of transfer)
1,284.76
-
225.00
-
Weighted average residual tenor of the
loans transferred
-
Net book value of the loans transferred
(at the time of transfer)
-
Aggregate consideration*
1,479.76
-
0.00**
-
Excess provision reversed to the profit
and loss account
1,127.49
-
Additional consideration realized in
respect of accounts transferred in
earlier years
-

* represents sum of cash plus redemption value of security receipts received

** amount less than `50,000/-

The Bank has not made any investment in Security Receipts during the year ended 31st March,2026.

Details on recovery ratings assigned to Security Receipts as on 31 March, 2026:
Recovery ratings
Anticipated recovery as per recovery rating %
Net Book value
Redemption value
RR+
-
RR1
9.20
RR1
45.02
RR1
22.87
RR1
513.73
1,050.97
RR1
162.43
RR2
-
Total
753.25
1,290.49

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

During year ended 31 March, 2025, the Bank has been allotted Security Receipts amounting to `1,215.47 crores
pursuant to transfer of certain stressed loans to asset reconstruction companies. Details on recovery ratings
assigned to Security Receipts as on 31 March, 2025:
Recovery ratings
Anticipated recovery as per recovery rating %
Net Book value
Redemption value
RR+
-
2.52
RR1
17.09
RR1
45.02
RR2
3.56
RR2
16.62
RR1
40.13
Yet to be rated1
513.73
1,050.97
Yet to be rated1
164.50
Total
800.65
1,340.41

1.
Recent purchase whose statutory period has not elapsed as on 31 March, 2025
The Bank has not entered into any co-lending transactions during the quarter ended 31 March, 2026 which qualify
under Part B of the RBI (Commercial Banks - Transfer and Distribution of Credit Risk) Directions, 2025 which became
effective from 1 January, 2026.
Non-Fund Based (NFB) Credit Facilities: During the year ended 31 March, 2026, RBI has issued directions with regard
to NFB Credit Facilities (Master Direction on Commercial Banks - Credit Facilities, 2025) which shall come into force
for the Bank from 1 April , 2026. Accordingly, the disclosure is not applicable for FY 2025-26.
Disclosure on provisioning pertaining to fraud accounts

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Number of frauds reported during the year1,2,3,4
4,098
19,625
Amounts involved net of recoveries/write-offs during the year1,2,3
275.66
490.49
Provisions held at the beginning of the year
40.00
51.59
234.59
307.41
Balance held in interest capitalisation accounts
-
Provisions held at the end of the year
274.59
359.01
Unamortised provision debited from other reserves as at the end of the year
-

1.
Includes 158 cases of frauds where claim not admitted amounting to `0.78 crores (previous year 17,281 cases of `124.35 crores),
relating to digital payment related transactions

2.
In respect of frauds related to advances, the Bank undertakes 100% provisioning of the outstanding amount once the borrower account
is classified as fraud in line with RBI guidelines. In respect of other frauds, provision is made where the claim has been admitted and
the Bank is under an obligation to settle the same. In all other cases declared as fraud but where claim is not admitted, no provision is
required to be made. The number of frauds reported during the year include 32 cases (excluding cases covered under note 1 above)
amounting to `6.02 crores where claim has not been admitted by the Bank (previous year 96 cases amounting to `7.13 crores)

3.
Excluding 934 cases of advances (previous year 316 cases) amounting to `416.56 crores (previous year `409.48 crores) reported as
fraud during the FY 2025-26 and which are prudentially written off as on 31 March, 2026

4.
Based on number of borrowers impacted in case of frauds relating to loans and advances and count of Fraud Monitoring Return (FMR)
filed with RBI in other cases

Standalone Financial Statements
Disclosure related to project finance
Item Description
For the quarter ended
31. December, 2025
For the quarter ended
31. March, 2026
Number of
accounts1
Total outstanding1,2
Number of
accounts1
Total outstanding1,2
Projects under implementation accounts at the beginning of
the quarter
23,183.17
25,416.00
1.1
Movement in balances in a quarter for projects under
implementation at the beginning of the quarter
-
3,491.15
-
2,382.14
Projects under implementation accounts sanctioned during
the quarter
1,985.26
1,431.26
2.1
Projects under implementation accounts closed during the
quarter
-
624.00
Projects under implementation accounts where DCCO has
been achieved during the quarter
3,243.57
5,537.36
Projects under implementation accounts at the end of the
quarter (1+1.1+2-2.1 3)
25,416.01
23,068.04
Out of 4 - accounts in respect of which resolution process
involving extension in original / extended DCCO, as the
case may be, has been invoked
35.27
2,043.46
5.1
Out of 5 - accounts in respect of which Resolution plan has
been implemented
35.27
1,348.33
5.2
Out of 5 - accounts in respect of which Resolution plan is
under implementation
-
695.13
5.3
Out of 5 - accounts in respect of which Resolution plan
has failed
-
Out of 5 - accounts in respect of which resolution process
involving extension in original / extended DCCO, as the
case may be, has been invoked due to change in scope and
size of the project
-
Out of 5 - account in respect of which cost overrun
associated with extension in original / extended DCCO, as
the case may be, was funded
-
7.1
Out of 7 - accounts where SBCF was sanctioned during
financial closure and renewed continuously
-
7.2
Out of 7 - accounts where SBCF was not pre-sanctioned or
renewed continuously
-
Out of 4 - accounts in respect of which resolution process
not involving extension in original / extended DCCO, as the
case may be, has been invoked
-
8.1
Out of 8 - accounts in respect of which Resolution plan has
been implemented
-
8.2
Out of 8 - accounts in respect of which Resolution plan is
under implementation
-
8.3
Out of 8 - accounts in respect of which Resolution plan
has failed
-

1.
reported values (Number and gross outstanding of loans) exclude prudentially written off cases

2.
represents gross outstanding of loans

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Disclosure under Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress

For the year ended on 31 March, 2026

Framework 2.0) during the half year ended 30 September, 2025:

resolution plan - Position as
at 31 March, 2025 (A)1
aggregate
debt that
slipped into
NPA during H1
FY26
Of (A) amount
H1 FY26
Of (A)
amount
H1 FY262
30. September, 20251
Personal Loans3
1,021.30
15.86
1.64
88.74
915.06
Corporate persons
187.38
-
30.96
156.42
Of which, MSMEs
-
Others
-
Total
1,208.68
15.86
1.64
119.70
1,071.48

1.

2.

3.

Framework 2.0) during the half year ended 31 March, 2026:

resolution plan - Position
30. September, 2025 (A)1
aggregate debt
that slipped
into NPA
H2 FY26
Of (A) amount
H2 FY26
Of (A) amount
H2 FY262
31. March, 20261
Personal Loans3
915.06
6.19
7.58
87.13
814.16
Corporate persons
156.42
-
12.26
144.16
Of which, MSMEs
-
Others
-
Total
1,071.48
6.19
7.58
99.39
958.32

1.

2.

3.

Standalone Financial Statements

related stress as per RBI circular dated 6 August, 2020 (Resolution Framework 1.0) during the half year ended 30
September, 2024

resolution plan - Position as
at 31 March, 2024 (A)1
aggregate
debt that
slipped into
NPA during H1
FY25
Of (A) amount
H1 FY25
Of (A) amount
H1 FY252
30. September, 20241
Personal Loans3
1,330.90
47.61
2.04
120.32
1,160.93
Corporate persons
197.15
-
37.76
159.39
Of which, MSMEs
-
Others
-
Total
1,528.05
47.61
2.04
158.08
1,320.32

1.

2.

3.

Framework 2.0) during the half year ended 31 March, 2025:
resolution plan - Position
30. September, 2024 (A)1
aggregate debt
that slipped
into NPA
H2 FY25
Of (A) amount
during H2 FY25
Of (A) amount
H2 FY252
31. March, 20251
Personal Loans3
1,160.93
23.73
2.94
112.96
1,021.30
Corporate persons
159.39
-
(27.99)
187.38
Of which, MSMEs
-
Others
-
Total
1,320.32
23.73
2.94
84.97
1,208.68

1.

2.

3.
During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025 none of the loans and advances held at overseas branches
of the Bank have been classified as NPA by any host banking regulator for reasons other than record of recovery.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1.5. Exposures
Exposure to Real Estate sector
Category
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
1)
Direct Exposure
Residential mortgages

(Lending fully secured by mortgages on residential property that is or will be
occupied by the borrower or that is rented. Exposure also includes non-fund
based (NFB) limits)
231,366.73
217,344.83

- of which housing loans eligible for inclusion in priority sector advances
67,667.35
56,083.46
Commercial real estate

[Lending secured by mortgages on commercial real estate (office building,
retail space, multipurpose commercial premises, multifamily residential
buildings, multi tenanted commercial premises, industrial or warehouse
space, hotels, land acquisition, development, and construction etc.) where
the prospects for repayment and recovery depend primarily on the cashflows
generated by the assets and also includes housing loans extended towards
third dwelling unit. Exposures include NFB limits.]
102,202.26
71,495.88
(iii) Investments in Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) and other securitised
exposures -

Residential
-

Commercial real estate
-
2)
Indirect Exposure
Fund based and non-fund based exposures on National Housing Bank (NHB) and
Housing Finance Companies (HFCs)
14,798.87
17,482.70
Total Exposure to Real Estate Sector
348,367.86
306,323.41
Exposure to Capital Market
Category
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
1.
Direct investments in equity shares, convertible bonds, convertible debentures
and units of equity-oriented mutual funds the corpus of which is not exclusively
invested in corporate debt1
4,151.54
4,576.42
2.
Advances against shares/bonds/debentures or other securities or on clean basis
to individuals for investment in shares (including IPOs/ESOPs), convertible bonds,
convertible debentures, and units of equity-oriented mutual funds
60.00
11.61
3.
Advances for any other purposes where shares or convertible bonds or convertible
debentures or units of equity-oriented mutual funds are taken as primary security
2,451.55
2,675.40
4.
Advances for any other purposes to the extent secured by the collateral security
of shares or convertible bonds or convertible debentures or units of equity-
oriented mutual funds i.e. where primary security other than shares/convertible
bonds/convertible debentures/units of equity-oriented mutual funds does not
fully cover the advances
82.43
100.30
5.
Secured and unsecured advances to stockbrokers and guarantees issued on
behalf of stockbrokers and market makers
41,621.39
34,114.15
6.
Loans sanctioned to corporates against the security of shares/bonds/debentures
or other securities or on clean basis for meeting promoter s contribution to the
equity of new companies in anticipation of raising resources
13.50
16.90
7.
Bridge loans to companies against expected equity flows/issues
8.88
51.04
8.
Underwriting commitments taken up in respect of primary issue of shares or
convertible bonds or convertible debentures or units of equity-oriented mutual
funds
-

Standalone Financial Statements
Category
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
9.
Financing to stock brokers for margin trading
-
10.
All exposures to Venture Capital Funds (both registered and unregistered)
including capital contribution to LLP
477.59
413.04
Total exposure to Capital Market (Total of 1 to 10)
48,866.88
41,958.86

1.
excludes investment in equity shares on account of conversion of debt into equity as part of restructuring amounting to `465.69 crores
as on 31 March, 2026 (previous year `210.76 crores) which are exempted from exposure to Capital Market
Details of Risk Category wise Country Exposure

Risk Category1
Exposure (Net)
31. March, 2026
Provision Held
31. March, 2026
Exposure (Net)
31. March, 2025
Provision Held
31. March, 2025
Insignificant
-
Low
37,867.02
69.63
26,770.15
44.14
Moderate
1,144.83
-
692.33
-
High
204.85
-
32.75
-
Very High
755.24
-
45.46
-
Restricted
1,277.18
-
0.15
-
Off-Credit
-
0.01
-
Total
41,249.12
69.63
27,540.85
44.14

1.
Risk categorization is based on the methodology as internally adopted by the Bank
Unsecured Advances
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total unsecured advances of the Bank
335,252.19
282,660.38
Out of the above, amount of advances for which intangible securities such as charge
over the rights, licenses, authority, etc. have been taken
-
Estimated value of such intangible securities
-
Factoring Exposures

As on 31 March, 2026, exposures under factoring stood at `19,057.15 crores (previous year `16,497.03 crores).
Disclosure on Intra-Group Exposures1
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total amount of intra-group exposures
19,528.49
18,360.20
Total amount of top-20 intra-group exposures
19,528.45
18,360.09
Percentage of intra-group exposures to total exposure of the Bank on borrowers/
0.92
1.01

1.
Exposure includes credit exposure (funded and non-funded), derivative exposure, investment exposure (including underwriting and
similar commitments) and deposits placed for meeting shortfall in Priority Sector Lending

During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, the intra-group exposures were within the limits specified by RBI.

The above information is as certified by the Management and relied upon by the auditors.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Unhedged foreign currency exposures

The Bank has laid down the framework to manage credit risk arising out of unhedged foreign currency exposures of the
borrowers. Both at the time of initial approval as well as subsequent reviews/renewals, the assessment of credit risk
arising out of foreign currency exposure of the borrowers include details of imports, exports, repayments of foreign
currency borrowings, as well as hedges done by the borrowers or naturally enjoyed by them vis-a-vis their intrinsic
financial strength, history of hedging and losses arising out of foreign currency volatility. The extent of hedge/cover
required on the total foreign currency exposure including natural hedge and hedged positions, is guided through a matrix
of internal ratings. The hedging policy is applicable for existing as well as new clients with foreign currency exposures
above a predefined threshold. The details of un-hedged foreign currency exposure of customers for transactions
undertaken through the Bank are monitored periodically. The Bank also maintains additional provision and capital, in
line with RBI guidelines.
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Opening provision held as at 1st April
356.57
411.31
Provision created during the year
161.44
-
Provision released during the year
-
(54.74)
Cumulative provision held as at 31st March
518.01
356.57
Incremental capital held as at 31st March
2,135.00
1,562.07
Loans against gold and silver collateral
Details of loans extended against eligible gold collateral :
As at 31 March, 2026
Particulars
Loan outstanding
Average
ticket size
(` crore)1
Average LTV
ratio
Gross NPA
(%)
` crore
As % of Total
Loans
1.
Opening balance of the FY [(a)+(b)]
11,283.64
1.07%
0.04
73.51
1.00%

Consumption loans
3,518.64
0.33%
0.03
73.46
0.69%

2.34
0.00%*
0.04
64.78
0.00%

7,765.00
0.74%
0.05
73.55
1.15%
2.
New loans sanctioned and disbursed during the
FY [(c)+(d)]
23,152.98
1.86%
0.06
72.59

Consumption loans
13,800.81
1.11%
0.06
72.39

1,708.52
0.14%
0.06
64.47

9,352.17
0.75%
0.08
72.97
3.
Renewals sanctioned and disbursed during the FY
62.42
0.01%
0.12
47.87
4.
Top-up loans sanctioned and disbursed during the FY
218.15
0.02%
0.03
21.31
5.
Loans repaid during the FY2 [(e)+(f)]
(17,613.20)
(1.42%)
0.05

Consumption loans
(6,847.63)
(0.55%)
0.04

(299.09)
(0.02%)
0.05

(f)
(10,765.57)
(0.87%)
0.06
6.
Non-Performing Loans recovered during the
FY3 [(g)+(h)]
(76.44)
(0.01%)
0.02

(g)
Consumption loans
(26.58)
(0.00%)*
0.01

(0.42)
(0.00%)*
0.03

(h)
(49.85)
(0.00%)*
0.02
7.
Loans written off during the FY [(i)+(j)]
(19.44)
(0.00%)*
0.02

Consumption loans
(4.04)
(0.00%)*
0.01

-

(j)
(15.40)
(0.00%)*
0.04
8.
Closing balance at the end of FY [(k)+(l)]
16,945.70
1.36%
0.06
71.49
0.50%

(k)
Consumption loans
10,574.65
0.85%
0.06
71.27
0.24%

1,411.36
0.11%
0.06
64.08
0.08%

(l)
6,371.04
0.51%
0.07
71.95
0.94%

Standalone Financial Statements

* represents values less than 0.005

1.
Average Ticket Size is calculated as the total outstanding amount divided by the number of accounts

2.
Represents net movement in balance outstanding after considering write offs and recoveries in non-performing loan accounts

3.
Represents principal amount recovered for non-performing loans during the year
Details of gold collateral and auctions :

As at 31 March, 2026
Sr. No
Particulars
Value
Unclaimed gold collateral at the end of the financial year (in grams)
5,848.59
Number of loan accounts in which auctions were conducted1
5,099
Total outstanding2 in loan accounts mentioned in (b)
`74.80 crores
Gold collateral acquired during the FY due to default of loans3, 4 (in grams)
2,140,305.27
Gold collateral auctioned during the FY (in grams)4
140,457.91
Recovery made through auctions during the FY
`132.27 crores
Recovery percentage
- as % of value of gold collateral
92%
- as % of outstanding loan
177%

1.
Represents number of loan accounts in which auction conducted was successful

2.
Represents outstanding amount as at auction closure date

3.
Represents cases for which auction notices in respect of pledged collateral were issued, including cases where the auction was
subsequently not conducted for any reason

4.
Represents net weight of gold collateral irrespective of caratage

The Bank has not sanctioned or disbursed any loan against silver collateral as on 31 March, 2026.
1.6 Exposure to Related Parties

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, RBI has issued Commercial Banks - Credit Risk Management, Amendment
Directions 2026 which shall come into force for the Bank from 1 April, 2026. Accordingly, the disclosure on exposures
to Related Parties is not applicable for FY 2025-26.
1.7 Concentration of deposits, advances, exposures and NPAs
Concentration of deposits
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total deposits of twenty largest depositors
109,532.61
113,671.66
Percentage of deposits of twenty largest depositors to total deposits
8.20
9.69
Concentration of advances1
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total advances to twenty largest borrowers
172,086.55
150,927.19
Percentage of advances to twenty largest borrowers to total advances
8.35
8.63

1.
Advances represent credit exposure (funded and non-funded) including derivative exposure as defined by RBI

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Concentration of exposures1
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total exposure to twenty largest borrowers/customers
177,228.84
166,227.48
Percentage of exposures to twenty largest borrowers/customers to total exposure on
borrowers/customers
8.39
9.17

1.
Exposure includes credit exposure (funded and non-funded), derivative exposure, investment exposure (including underwriting and
similar commitments) and deposits placed for meeting shortfall in Priority Sector Lending
Concentration of NPAs
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Total exposure to the top twenty NPA accounts1
2,227.96
2,817.52
Percentage exposures of the twenty largest NPA exposures to total gross NPAs2
12.19
17.48

1.
Represents fund based and non-fund based outstanding and non-performing investments

2.
Percentage is computed based on outstanding of top twenty NPA accounts to gross NPAs (excluding non-fund based outstanding)
1.8. Derivatives
Details of derivative portfolio

As at 31 March, 2026
Particulars
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Interest Rate Derivatives

MTM - Assets
-
7,603.77
-
7,603.77
MTM - Liabilities
-
(7,069.82)
-
(7,069.82)
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
-
533.95
-
533.95
Exchange Rate Derivatives

MTM - Assets
196.48
40,676.76
-
40,873.24
MTM - Liabilities
(135.33)
(38,621.76)
-
(38,757.09)
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
61.15
2,055.00
-
2,116.15
Credit Risk Derivatives

MTM - Assets
-
MTM - Liabilities
-
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
-
Other Derivatives

MTM - Assets
-
MTM - Liabilities
-
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
-
Total
61.15
2,588.95
-
2,650.10

Standalone Financial Statements

As at 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Interest Rate Derivatives

MTM - Assets
-
6,582.36
-
6,582.36
MTM - Liabilities
-
(6,486.52)
-
(6,486.52)
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
-
95.84
-
95.84
Exchange Rate Derivatives

MTM - Assets
8.90
13,904.87
-
13,913.77
MTM - Liabilities
(22.65)
(13,419.37)
-
13,442.02
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
(13.75)
485.50
-
471.75
Credit Risk Derivatives

MTM - Assets
-
MTM - Liabilities
-
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
-
Other Derivatives

MTM - Assets
-
MTM - Liabilities
-
Net Gain/ Loss recognised in Profit & Loss Account
-
Total
(13.75)
581.34
-
567.59
Disclosure in respect of Interest Rate Swaps ( IRS ), Forward Rate Agreement ( FRA ) and Cross Currency Swaps
( CCS ) outstanding is set out below:

An IRS is a financial contract between two parties exchanging or swapping a stream of interest payments for a notional
principal amount on multiple occasions during a specified period. The Bank deals in interest rate benchmarks like
Mumbai Inter-Bank Offered Rate (MIBOR), Indian Government Securities Benchmark Rate (INBMK), Modified MIFOR
and Alternative Reference Rates (ARR) of various currencies.

A FRA is a financial contract between two parties to exchange interest payments for notional principal amount on
settlement date, for a specified period from start date to maturity date. Accordingly, on the settlement date cash
payments based on contract rate and the settlement rate, which is the agreed bench-mark/reference rate prevailing on
the settlement date, are made by the parties to one another. The benchmark used in the FRA contracts of the Bank is
Bond/ARR of various currencies.

A CCS is a financial contract between two parties exchanging interest payments and principal, wherein interest
payments and principal in one currency would be exchanged for an equally valued interest payments and principal in
another currency.
Items
As at
31. March, 2026
As at
31. March, 2025
Notional principal of swap agreements
1,190,053.69
1,236,207.65
Losses which would be incurred if counterparties failed to fulfil their obligations
under the agreements
10,707.04
8,390.76
Collateral required by the Bank upon entering into swaps
2,639.99
3,093.63
Concentration of credit risk arising from the swaps
Maximum single industry exposure with Banks (previous year with Banks)
4,297.05
7,911.76
Fair value of the swap book (hedging & trading)
(1,407.07)
382.48

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The nature and terms of the IRS as on 31 March, 2026 are set out below:
Nature
Notional
Principal
Benchmark
Terms
Hedging
825.06
SOFR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Hedging
1,710.40
MIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
209.12
ESTR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
631.28
EURIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
10,516
345,379.21
MIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
74.20
MIOIS
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
64,392.75
Modified MIFOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
13,548.53
TBILL
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
449.59
TONAR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
1,280
110,624.64
SOFR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
435.44
ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
1,245.93
EURIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
10,981
344,607.55
MIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
1,098.91
MIOIS
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
59,178.33
Modified MIFOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
12,138.66
TBILL
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
551.45
TONAR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
1,429
128,755.45
SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
15,339.42
SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
762.97
ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
25,980
1,101,958.89

The nature and terms of the IRS as on 31 March, 2025 are set out below:

Nature
Notional
Principal
Benchmark
Terms
Hedging
743.63
SOFR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
767.85
ESTR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
581.47
EURIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
11,661
409,717.24
MIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
92.41
MIOIS
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
58,890.24
Modified MIFOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
10,092.82
TBILL
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
429.48
TONAR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
1,016
85,592.41
SOFR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
669.95
ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
1,538.42
EURIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
550.00
INBMK
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
12,378
414,899.02
MIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
344.51
MIOIS
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
47,167.76
Modified MIFOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
9,707.97
TBILL
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
1,100.04
TONAR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
1,165
99,395.94
SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
15,204.99
SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
644.63
ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
27,683
1,158,130.78

Standalone Financial Statements

The nature and terms of the FRA as on 31 March, 2026 are set out below:

Nature
Notional Principal
Benchmark
Terms
Trading
6,934.62
BOND
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
6,934.62

The nature and terms of the FRA as on 31 March, 2025 are set out below:

Nature
Notional Principal
Benchmark
Terms
Trading
6,401.93
BOND
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
6,401.93

The nature and terms of the CCS as on 31 March, 2026 are set out below:
Nature
Notional Principal
Benchmark
Terms
Trading
26,124.84
Not Applicable
Fixed Payable v/s Fixed Receivable
Trading
51.58
SARON
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
544.97
EURIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
28.23
TBILL
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
15.86
TONAR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
25,007.60
SOFR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
33.01
SARON
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
983.43
EURIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
315.33
MIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
474.17
TBILL
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
9,817.98
SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
16.20
ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
381.48
SOFR/EURIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
730.27
SOFR/ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
75.87
SOFR/MIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
55.37
SOFR/TONAR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
1,066.89
TBILL/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
75.87
MIBOR/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
47.42
MIOS/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
1,474.68
MODMIFOR/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
55.37
TONAR/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
11,512.58
Not Applicable
Fixed Receivable
Trading
2,271.17
Not Applicable
Fixed Payable
81,160.17

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The nature and terms of the CCS as on 31 March, 2025 are set out below:
Nature
Notional Principal
Benchmark
Terms
Trading
24,339.23
Not Applicable
Fixed Payable v/s Fixed Receivable
Trading
55.17
SARON
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
22.10
EURIBOR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
34.69
TBILL
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
18.94
TONAR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
20,551.47
SOFR
Fixed Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
36.21
SARON
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
353.67
EURIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
213.69
MIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
427.38
TBILL
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
11,752.93
SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
15.47
ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Fixed Payable
Trading
322.31
SOFR/EURIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
782.77
SOFR/ESTR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
538.49
SOFR/MIBOR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
527.18
SOFR/TONAR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
68.38
MIBOR/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
1,713.77
MODMIFOR/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
270.76
TONAR/SOFR
Floating Receivable v/s Floating Payable
Trading
8,540.00
Not Applicable
Fixed Receivable
Trading
1,090.33
Not Applicable
Fixed Payable
71,674.94
Exchange Traded Interest Rate Derivatives

Particulars
As at
31. March, 2026
Notional principal amount of exchange traded interest rate derivatives undertaken during the year
-
2026 and not highly effective
Mark-to-market value of exchange traded interest rate derivatives outstanding as on 31 March, 2026
and not highly effective
N.A

Particulars
As at
31. March, 2025
Notional principal amount of exchange traded interest rate derivatives undertaken during the year
US 2 years Note - June 2024
196.59
US 5 years Note - June 2024
17.95
US 10 years Note - June 2024
23.93
US 10 years Note - September 2024
119.67
US 5 years Note - December 2024
68.38
US 10 years Note - December 2024
51.29
US 5 years Note - March 2025
68.38

Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
As at
31. March, 2025
US 10 years Note - March 2025
51.28
US 2 years Note - June 2025
581.23
US 5 years Note - June 2025
239.33
1,418.03
-
2025 and not highly effective
Mark-to-market value of exchange traded interest rate derivatives outstanding as on 31 March,
2025 and not highly effective
Disclosure on risk exposure in Derivatives

Qualitative disclosures

Structure and organisation for management of risk in derivatives trading, the scope and nature of risk measurement,
risk reporting and risk monitoring systems, policies for hedging and/or mitigating risk and strategies and processes
for monitoring the continuing effectiveness of hedges/mitigants:

Derivatives are financial instruments whose characteristics are derived from an underlying asset, or from interest
and exchange rates or indices. The Bank undertakes Over the Counter (OTC) and Exchange Traded derivative
transactions for Balance Sheet management and also for proprietary trading/market making whereby the Bank
offers OTC derivative products to the customers to enable them to hedge their interest rate and currency risks
within the prevalent regulatory guidelines.

Proprietary trading includes Exchange Traded Currency Options, Interest Rate Futures, Currency Futures and
Rupee Interest Rate Swaps under different benchmarks (viz. MIBOR, Modified MIFOR, ARR and INBMK),
Currency Options, Currency Swaps and Non-Deliverable derivatives. The Bank also undertakes transactions
in Cross Currency Swaps, Principal Only Swaps, Coupon Only Swaps, Currency Options, Interest Rate Swaps,
Exotic Derivatives, Forex Forward and Long-Term Forex Contracts (LTFX) for hedging its Balance Sheet and also
offers them to its customers. These transactions expose the Bank to various risks, primarily credit, market, legal,
reputation and operational risk. The Bank has adopted the following mechanism for managing risks arising out of
the derivative transactions.

There is a functional separation between the Treasury Front Office, Treasury Mid-Office and Treasury Back Office
to undertake derivative transactions. The customer and interbank related derivative transactions are originated
by Derivative sales and Treasury Front Office team respectively which ensures compliance with the trade
origination requirements as per the Bank s policy and the RBI guidelines. The Market Risk Group within the Bank s
Risk Department independently identifies, measures and monitors the market risks associated with derivative
transactions and apprises the Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) and the Risk Management Committee
of the Board (RMC) on the compliance with the risk limits. The Treasury Back Office undertakes activities such as
trade validation, confirmation, settlement, ISDA and related documentation, post deal documentation, accounting,
valuation and other MIS reporting.

The derivative transactions are governed by the Derivative policy, Suitability and Appropriateness Policy
for derivative products, Market Risk Management policy, Hedging policy and the Asset Liability Management
(ALM) policy of the Bank as well as by the extant RBI guidelines. The Bank has implemented policy on customer
suitability & appropriateness to ensure that derivatives transactions entered into are appropriate and suitable
to the customer. The Bank has put in place a detailed process flow on documentation for customer derivative
transactions for effective management of operational/reputation/compliance risk.

Various risk limits are set up and actual exposures are monitored vis-à-vis the limits allocated. These limits are set
up taking into account market volatility, risk appetite, business strategy and management experience. Risk limits
are in place for risk parameters viz. PV01, VaR, Stop Loss, Delta, Gamma and Vega. Actual positions are monitored

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
against these limits on a daily basis and breaches, if any, are dealt with in accordance with board approved Risk
Appetite Statement. Risk assessment of the portfolio is undertaken periodically. The Bank ensures that the Gross
PV01 (Price value of a basis point) position arising out of all non-option rupee derivative contracts are within
0.25% of net worth of the Bank as on Balance Sheet date.

Hedging transactions are undertaken by the Bank to protect the variability in the fair value or the cash flow of the
underlying Balance Sheet item. These transactions are tested for hedge effectiveness and in case any transaction
fails the test, the same is re-designated as a trading deal and appropriate accounting treatment is followed.

Accounting policy for recording hedge and non-hedge transactions, recognition of income, premiums and
discounts, valuation of outstanding contracts:

contingent liabilities. These are categorised as trading or hedge transactions.

market sources or FBIL with the resulting unrealised gain or loss being recognised in the Profit and Loss Account
and correspondingly in other assets (representing positive MTM) and in other liabilities (representing negative
MTM) on a gross basis. The premium on option contracts is accounted for as per FEDAI guidelines.

The Hedging Policy of the Bank governs the use of derivatives for hedging purpose. Subject to the prevailing RBI
guidelines, the Bank deals in derivatives for hedging fixed rate and floating rate coupon or foreign currency assets/
liabilities. Transactions for hedging and market making purposes are recorded separately.

Foreign exchange forward contracts not intended for trading (including funding swaps), that are entered into to
establish the amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement date of a transaction, and are
outstanding at the Balance Sheet date, are effectively valued at the closing spot rate. The premium or discount
arising at the inception of such forward exchange contract is amortised on a straight-line basis as expense or
income over the life of the contract.

For hedge transactions through other derivatives, the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at
the inception of transaction itself. The effectiveness is ascertained at the time of inception of the hedge and
periodically thereafter. In case of a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments and
hedged items are recognized in the Profit and Loss Account and in case of cash flow hedges, the change in fair
value of hedging instrument for the effective portion is recognised in Schedule 2 - Reserves and Surplus under
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve and the ineffective portion of an effective hedging relationship, if any, is recognised
in the Profit and Loss Account. The accumulated balance in the Cash Flow Hedge Reserve, in an effective hedging
relationship, is recycled in the Profit and Loss Account at the same time that the impact from the hedged item is
recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Derivative transactions are covered under International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master
agreements with respective counterparties. The exposure on account of derivative transactions is computed as
per the RBI guidelines and is marked against the Loan Equivalent Risk (LER) limits approved for the respective
counterparties.

Provisioning, collateral and credit risk mitigation:

In accordance with RBI guidelines, any receivables (crystallised receivables and positive MTM) under derivatives
contracts, which remain overdue for more than 90 days, are reversed through the Profit and Loss Account and are
held in a separate Suspense account.

Collateral requirements for derivative transactions are laid down as part of credit sanction terms on a case by case
basis. Such collateral requirements are determined, based on usual credit appraisal process. The Bank retains the
right to terminate transactions as a risk mitigation measure in certain cases.

The credit risk in respect of customer derivative transactions is sought to be mitigated through a laid down policy
on sanction of Loan Equivalent Risk (LER) limits, monitoring mechanism for LER limits and trigger events for
escalation/margin calls/termination.

Standalone Financial Statements

Quantitative disclosure on risk exposure in derivatives1:

As at 31 March, 2026
Particulars
Currency Derivatives
Interest rate
Derivatives
Forward
Contracts4
CCS
Options
Total
Derivatives (Notional Principal Amount)
For hedging
46,694.74
-
46,694.74
2,535.46
For trading
1,374,406.95
81,160.17
77,468.45
1,533,035.58
1,106,358.05
Marked to Market Positions2,3
Asset (+)
4,023.66
-
4,023.66
533.96
Liability (-)
-
(1,941.03)
(42.27)
(1,983.30)
-
Credit Exposure3
54,609.10
6,407.99
5,584.98
66,602.07
12,990.17
Likely impact of one percentage change in
interest rate (100*PV01) (as at 31 March,
2026)
on hedging derivatives
18.49
-
18.49
62.13
on trading derivatives
45.74
284.65
16.52
346.91
936.13
Maximum
Minimum
100*PV01
observed during the year
on hedging

Minimum
0.61
-
0.61
23.19

Maximum
18.49
-
18.49
62.13
on Trading

Minimum
6.16
170.82
5.46
182.44
847.59

Maximum
63.35
294.59
16.52
374.46
1,142.61

1.
only Over The Counter derivatives included

2.
represents net position

3.
includes accrued interest

4.
excluding Tom/Spot contracts
As at 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Currency Derivatives
Forward
Contracts4
CCS
Options
Total
Interest rate
Derivatives
Derivatives (Notional Principal Amount)
For hedging
27,881.14
-
27,881.14
743.63
For trading
1,228,707.33
71,674.94
133,300.09
1,433,682.36
1,163,789.08
Marked to Market Positions2,3
Asset (+)
-
286.64
85.96
372.60
95.84
Liability (-)
(107.97)
-
(107.97)
-
Credit Exposure3
37,215.37
7,807.39
4,181.19
49,203.95
17,506.59
Likely impact of one percentage change in
interest rate (100*PV01) (as at 31 March,
2025)
on hedging derivatives
3.08
-
3.08
26.48
on trading derivatives
43.47
235.89
9.48
288.84
1,027.00
Maximum and
Minimum of 100*PV01
observed during the year
on hedging

Minimum
0.19
-
0.19
26.48

Maximum
7.08
-
7.08
26.48

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
As at 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Currency Derivatives
Forward
Contracts4
CCS
Options
Total
Interest rate
Derivatives
on Trading

Minimum
12.70
12.19
3.82
28.71
601.36

Maximum
43.47
235.89
9.65
289.01
1,027.00

1.
only Over The Counter derivatives included

2.
only on trading derivatives and represents net position

3.
includes accrued interest

4.
excluding Tom/Spot contracts

The outstanding notional principal amount of Exchange Traded Interest Rate Futures as at 31 March, 2026 was `Nil
crores (previous year `Nil crores) and the mark-to-market value was `Nil crores (previous year `Nil crores).

The outstanding notional principal amount of Exchange Traded Currency Options as at 31 March, 2026 was `Nil crores
(previous year `0.03 crores) and the mark-to-market value was `Nil crores (previous year `Nil crores).

The outstanding notional principal amount of Exchange Traded Currency futures as at 31 March, 2026 was `142.53
crores (previous year `85.61 crores) and are cash settled in nature.
The Bank has not undertaken any transactions in Credit Default Swaps (CDS) during the year ended 31 March, 2026
and 31 March, 2025.
1.9 Disclosures relating to securitisation
Details of securitisation transactions undertaken by the Bank under the RBI Master Direction on Securitisation of
Standard Assets, 2021 are given below:
(Number/` in crores)
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
No. of SPEs holding assets for securitisation transactions originated by the Bank
-
Total amount of securitised assets as per books of the SPEs
-
Total amount of exposures retained by the Bank to comply with MRR as on the
date of balance sheet

Off-balance sheet exposures

First loss
-

Others
-

On-balance sheet exposures

First loss
-

Others
-
Amount of exposures to securitisation transactions other than MRR

Off-balance sheet exposures

Exposure to own securitisations

First loss
-

Others
-

Exposure to third party securitisations

First loss
-

Others
-

On-balance sheet exposures

Exposure to own securitisations

First loss
-

Loss
-

Exposure to third party securitisations

First loss
-

Others
-

Standalone Financial Statements
(Number/` in crores)
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Sale consideration received for the securitised assets and gain/loss on sale on
account of securitization
-
Form and quantum (outstanding value) of services provided by way of, liquidity
support, post-securitisation assets servicing, etc.
-
Performance of facility provided
Amount paid
-
Repayment received
-
Outstanding amount
-
Average default rate of portfolios observed in the past
-
Amount and number of additional/ top up loan given on same underlying asset
-
Investor Complaints
Directly/indirectly received
-
Complaints outstanding
-
1.10 The Bank has not sponsored any special purpose vehicle which is required to be consolidated in the consolidated
financial statements as per accounting norms.
1.11. Disclosure on transfers to Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEA Fund)
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Opening balance of amounts transferred to DEA Fund
1,280.64
999.47
Add : Amounts transferred to DEA Fund during the year
365.16
321.40
Less : Amounts reimbursed by DEA Fund towards claims1
(53.56)
(40.23)
Closing balance of amounts transferred to DEA Fund2
1,592.24
1,280.64

1.
Excludes interest post transfer to DEA Fund

2.
Closing balance of amounts transferred to DEA Fund, as disclosed above, is also included under Schedule-12 - Contingent Liability -
Other items for which Bank is contingently liable
1.12 Disclosure of customer complaints

Summary of information on complaints received by the Bank from customers and from Offices of Ombudsman (OBO)
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Complaints received by the Bank from its customers
1.
Number of complaints pending at the beginning of the year
11,143
20,754
2.
Number of complaints received during the year
514,897
590,540
3.
Number of complaints disposed during the year
505,324
600,151
of 3, number of complaints rejected by the Bank* $
152,554
140,802
4.
Number of complaints pending at the end of the year
20,716
11,143
Maintainable complaints received by the Bank from OBOs
5.
Number of maintainable complaints received by the Bank from OBOs
16,808
14,500
of 5, Number of complaints resolved in favour of the Bank by OBO s
9,106
7,569
of 5, Number of complaints resolved through conciliation/ mediation/ advisories
issued by OBO s
7,694
6,928
of 5, Number of complaints resolved after passing of Awards by OBO s against
the Bank
8**
6.
Number of Awards unimplemented within the stipulated time (other than
those appealed)
-

* Excluding 12,513 complaints resolved within one working day (previous year 21,961 complaints). Total number of complaints rejected
including complaints resolved within one working day in FY 2025-26 is 165,067 (previous year 162,769 complaints)

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

$ Overall cases rejected and subsequently referred to Internal Ombudsman for FY 2025-26 were 756,836 (previous year 754,281) which
is aggregate of all interactions (includes Gross, Net & Other interaction types) and excludes complaints resolved within 1 working day

** Out of the 8 awards, 3 were accepted by customers; 3 were issued and lapsed; 1 is under appeal by the Bank and 1 is under appeal
by the customer

Overall complaints summary for the financial years:
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
A
Total number of complaints
986,852
1,099,448
B
Complaints redressed by the Bank within one working day
471,955
508,908
Net reportable complaints (A - B)
514,897
590,540

Top five grounds of complaints received by the Bank from customers

Grounds of complaints, (i.e. complaints relating to)
Number of
pending at the
beginning of
Number of
received
% increase/
decrease in
the number
received over the
previous year
Number of
pending at
the end of the
Of 5, number
pending
beyond 30
working days
Credit cards
3,251
171,993
(30%)
7,233
Account opening/difficulty in operation of
2,132
108,698
18%
4,565
ATM/Debit cards
1,103
68,340
(13%)
1,370
Internet/Mobile/Electronic Banking
1,331
39,231
(19%)
1,926
Loans and advances
39,996
15%
1,885
Others
2,361
86,639
(7%)
3,737
Total
11,143
514,897
(13%)
20,716
2,862

Grounds of complaints, (i.e. complaints relating to)
Number of
pending at the
beginning of
Number of
received
% increase/
decrease in
the number
received over the
previous year
Number of
pending at
the end of the
Of 5, number
pending
beyond 30
working days
Credit cards
11,921
244,175
7%
3,251
Account opening/difficulty in operation of
2,885
91,914
(13%)
2,132
ATM/Debit cards
1,460
78,112
9%
1,103
Internet/Mobile/Electronic Banking
48,389
38%
1,331
Loans and advances
1,260
34,657
(20%)
Others
2,275
93,293
22%
2,361
Total
20,754
590,540
5%
11,143
1,652

The above disclosures do not include complaints redressed within 1 working day and are as certified by the
Management and relied upon by the auditors.

Standalone Financial Statements
1.13 Details of penalty/stricture levied by RBI

Details of penalty/stricture levied by RBI during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is as under:
Amount
Reason for stricture issued/levy of penalty by RBI
Date of payment of penalty
0.29
Penalty imposed for non-compliance with certain directions issued by RBI on Un-
authorized Operation of lnternal / Office Accounts .
07. May, 2025

Details of penalty/stricture levied by RBI during the year ended 31 March, 2025 is as under:
Amount
Reason for stricture issued/levy of penalty by RBI
Date of payment of penalty
1.91
Penalty imposed for non-compliance with provisions of Section 19 (1) (a) of the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949 and for non compliance with certain directions issued by RBI on
Interest Rate on Deposits , Know Your Customer (KYC) and Credit flow to agriculture-
collateral free agricultural loans .
12. September, 2024
1.14. Disclosure on Remuneration

Qualitative disclosures

Information relating to the composition and mandate of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

Name, composition and mandate of the main body overseeing remuneration:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board oversees the framing, review and implementation of
the compensation policy of the Bank on behalf of the Board. The Committee works in close co-ordination with the
Risk Management Committee of the Bank, in order to achieve effective alignment between remuneration and risks.

As on 31 March, 2026, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprised of the following Non-
Executive Directors

1.
Smt. Meena Ganesh - Chairperson

2.
Smt. Mini Ipe

3.
Shri Girish Paranjpe

4.
Shri N.S. Vishwanathan

In respect of Remuneration/HR matters, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board, functions
with the following main objectives:

Review and recommend to the Board for approval, the overall remuneration framework and associated
policies of the Bank (including remuneration policy for Directors and Key Managerial Personnel) including
the level and structure of fixed pay, variable pay, perquisites, bonus pool, stock-based compensation and any
other form of compensation as may be included from time to time to all the employees of the Bank including
the Managing Director & CEO (MD & CEO), other Whole-Time Directors (WTDs) and senior managers one
level below the Board.

Recommend to the Board the compensation payable to the Chairman of the Bank.

Review and recommend to the Board for approval, the talent management and succession policy and process
in the Bank for ensuring business continuity, especially at the level of MD & CEO, the other WTDs, senior
managers one level below the Board and other key roles and their progression to the Board.

Formulate the criteria and the manner for effective evaluation of performance of the Board as a whole, its
Committees and individual directors, including independent directors of the Bank, which may be carried out
either by the Committee or by the Board or with the help of an independent external agency and to review
its implementation, compliance and outcomes.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Review adequacy and appropriateness of HR strategy of the Bank in the broader areas of code of conduct,
ethics, conflict of interest, succession planning, talent management, performance management, remuneration
and HR risk management.

Review and recommend to the Board for approval:

the creation of new positions one level below MD & CEO

appointments, promotions and exits of senior managers one level below the MD & CEO

Set the goals, objectives and performance benchmarks for the Bank and for MD & CEO, WTDs and Group
Executives for the financial year and over the medium to long term.

Review the performance of the MD & CEO and other WTDs at the end of each year.

Consider and approve the grant of Stock Options to the Managing Director & CEO, other Whole-Time
Directors, Senior Management and other eligible employees of the Bank / subsidiary, in terms of the relevant
provisions of the SEBI Regulations, as amended, from time to time.

Perform such other duties as may be required to be done under any law, statute, rules, regulations etc.
enacted by Government of India, Reserve Bank of India or by any other regulatory or statutory body.

External consultants whose advice has been sought, the body by which they were commissioned, and in what
areas of the remuneration process:

The Bank commissioned Aon Consulting Pvt. Limited (Aon), a globally renowned compensation benchmarking firm,
to conduct market benchmarking of employee compensation. The Bank participates in the salary benchmarking
survey conducted by Aon every year. Aon collects data from multiple private sector peer banks across
functions, levels and roles which is then used by the Bank to assess market competitiveness of remuneration
offered to employees.

A description of the scope of the Bank s remuneration policy, including the extent to which IT is applicable to
branches in India and overseas:

The Committee monitors the remuneration policy for both domestic and overseas branches of the Bank on behalf
of the Board. However, IT does not oversee the compensation policy for subsidiaries of the Bank.

A description of the type of employees covered and number of such employees:

Employees
are
categorised
into
following
three
categories
from
remuneration
structure
administration standpoint:

Category 1

MD & CEO and WTDs. This category includes 5* employees.

Category 2

All the employees in the Grade of Senior Vice President I and above engaged in the functions of Risk Control,
Internal Audit and Compliance. This category includes 119* employees.

Category 3: Other Staff

Other Staff has been defined as a group of employees whose actions have a material impact on the risk exposure
of the Bank . This category includes 24* employees.

*represents employees in these categories during the year FY 2025-26 including employees exited from the Bank
during FY 2025-26.

Standalone Financial Statements

Information relating to the design and structure of remuneration processes and the key features and objectives
of remuneration policy:

An overview of the key features and objectives of remuneration policy:

The compensation philosophy of the Bank aims to attract, retain and motivate professionals in order to enable the
Bank to attain its strategic objectives and develop a strong performance culture in the competitive environment in
which IT operates. To achieve this, the following principles are adopted:

Affordability: Pay to reflect productivity improvements to retain cost-income competitiveness

-
Maintain competitiveness on fixed pay in talent market

-
Pay for performance to drive meritocracy through variable pay

-
Employee Stock Units (ESUs) and Employee Stock Options (ESOPs) for long-term value creation

-
Benefits and perquisites to remain aligned with market practices and provide flexibility

Apart from the above, the compensation structure for MD & CEO, WTDs, Material Risk Takers and employees
at the grade of Senior Vice President and above within the Assurance functions at the Bank is aligned to RBI s
guidelines for sound compensation practices issued in November 2019 and addresses the general principles of:

-
Effective and independent governance and monitoring of compensation

-
Alignment
compensation
prudent
risk-taking
through
well
designed
consistent
compensation structures

-
Clear and timely disclosure to facilitate supervisory oversight by all stakeholders

Accordingly, the compensation policy for MD & CEO and WTDs seeks to:

Ensure that the compensation, in terms of structure and total amount, is in line with the best practices, as well
as competitive vis-à-vis that of peer banks

Establish the linkage of compensation with individual performance as well as achievement of the corporate
objectives of the Bank

Include an appropriate variable pay component tied to the achievement of pre-established objectives in line
with Bank s scorecard while ensuring that the compensation is aligned with prudent risk taking

Encourage attainment of long term shareholder returns through inclusion of equity linked long-term incentives
as part of compensation

Compensation is structured in terms of fixed pay, cash variable pay and share linked instruments (for selective
employees), with a strong linkage of variable pay to performance. The remuneration policy of the Bank is approved
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Bank. Additional approval
from Shareholders and RBI is obtained specifically for compensation of MD & CEO and WTDs.

Whether the remuneration committee reviewed the firm s remuneration policy during the past year, and if so, an
overview of any changes that were made:

The Bank s remuneration policy was originally reviewed and approved by the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee and Board of Directors in FY2021 in order to align with RBI guidelines. The remuneration policy of the
Bank is reviewed annually and any changes arising therefrom are approved by the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee and Board of Directors.

Key highlights of the policy are mentioned below:

At least 50% of total compensation i.e. Fixed Pay plus Total Variable Pay shall be variable.

Value of share linked instruments will be included in definition of Total Variable Pay

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Total Variable Pay for the MD & CEO/ Whole-time Directors/ Material Risk Takers of the Bank would be
capped at 300% of Fixed Pay.

If the Total Variable Pay is up to 200% of the Fixed Pay, a minimum of 50% of the Variable pay; and in case
Variable Pay is above 200%, a minimum of 67% of the Variable Pay shall be paid via employee stock options.

Minimum 60% of the Total Variable Pay shall be deferred over 3 years. If cash component is part of Total
Variable Pay , at least 50% of the cash component of variable pay should also be deferred over 3 years. In
cases where the cash component of Total Variable pay is under Rs. 25 lakh, variable pay shall not be deferred

All the fixed items of compensation, including retiral benefits and perquisites, will be treated as part of Fixed Pay.

Qualitative and quantitative criteria defined for identification of Material Risk Takers (MRTs).

Specific guidelines on application of malus and clawback clauses.

A discussion of how the Bank ensures that risk, internal audit and compliance employees are remunerated
independently of the businesses they oversee:

The Bank ensures that risk, internal audit and compliance employees are remunerated independently of the
businesses they oversee and is guided by the individual employee performance. The remuneration is determined
on the basis of relevant risk measures included in the Balanced Scorecard / key deliverables of staff in these
functions. The parameters reviewed for performance-based rewards are independent of performance of the
business area they oversee and commensurate with their individual role in the Bank. Additionally, the ratio of fixed
and variable compensation is weighed towards fixed compensation in case of employees in risk, internal audit, and
compliance functions.

Description of the ways in which current and future risks are taken into account in the remuneration processes:

An overview of the key risks that the Bank takes into account when implementing remuneration measures:

The business activity of the Bank is undertaken within the limits of risk measures to achieve the financial plan. The
Financial Perspective in the Bank s Balanced Score Card (BSC) contains metrics pertaining to growth, profitability
and asset quality. These metrics along with other metrics in customer, internal process and compliance and people
perspective are taken into account while arriving at the remuneration decisions. The metrics on internal process
and compliance ensure due weightage to non-financial risk that bank may be exposed to. The Remuneration Policy
also contains provisions whereby the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Bank may review and
approve the invoking of malus and/or clawback of compensation elements pertaining to the MD & CEO, WTDs
and other Material Risk Takers of the Bank, including consideration of facts on a case to case basis and application
of internal and external benchmarks.

An overview of the nature and type of key measures used to take account of these risks, including risk
difficult to measure:

The Bank has a robust system of measuring and reviewing these risks. The risk parameters are a part of the
BSC used for setting of performance objectives and for measuring performance which includes, besides financial
performance, adherence to internal processes, compliance and people perspectives. Weightage is placed on
not only financial or quantitative achievement of objectives but also on qualitative aspects detailing how the
objectives were achieved.

A discussion of the ways in which these measures affect remuneration:

The relevant risk measures are included in the scorecards of MD & CEO and WTDs. Inclusion of the above mentioned
measures ensures that performance parameters are aligned to risk measures at the time of performance evaluation.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee takes into consideration all the above aspects while assessing
organisational and individual performance and making compensation related recommendations to the Board.

A discussion of how the nature and type of these measures have changed over the past year and reasons for the
changes, as well as the impact of changes on remuneration:

Standalone Financial Statements

The Bank continued to track key metrics across financial, customer, internal process and compliance and people
perspective as part of FY26 BSC. Further, critical deliverables were included to drive progress as per the Bank s
Growth, Profitability Score strategy.

Description of the ways in which the Bank seeks to link performance during a performance measurement period
with levels of remuneration:

The Bank s performance management and compensation philosophies are structured to support the achievement
of the Bank s on-going business objectives by rewarding achievement of objectives linked directly to its strategic
business priorities. These strategic priorities are cascaded through annualised objectives to the employees.

The Bank follows the Balanced Scorecard approach in designing its performance management system. Adequate
attention is given to the robust goal setting process to ensure alignment of individual objectives to support the
achievement of business strategy, financial and non-financial goals across and through the organisation. The non-
financial goals for employees include customer service, process improvement, adherence to risk and compliance
norms, operations and process control, learning and knowledge development.

An overview of main performance metrics for Bank, top level business lines and individuals:

The Bank follows a Balanced Scorecard approach for measuring performance for the Bank, top business lines
and individuals.

A discussion of how amounts of individual remuneration are linked to the Bank-wide and individual performance:

The Bank s remuneration practices are underpinned by principles of meritocracy and fairness. The remuneration
system strives to maintain the ability to attract, retain, reward and motivate the talent in order to enable the Bank
to attain its strategic objectives within the increasingly competitive context in which IT operates. The Bank s pay-
for-performance approach strives to ensure both internal and external equity in line with emerging market trends.
However, the business model and affordability form the overarching boundary conditions.

The Bank follows a Balanced Scorecard approach for measuring performance at senior levels. The Balanced
scorecard parameters for individuals are cascaded from the Bank s Balanced Scorecard. The Nomination
and Remuneration Committee reviews the achievements against the set of parameters which determines the
performance of the individuals.

For all other employees, performance appraisals are conducted annually and initiated by the employee with self-
appraisal. The immediate supervisor reviews the appraisal ratings in a joint consultation meeting with the employee
and assigns the performance rating. The final ratings are discussed by a Moderation Committee comprising of
senior officials of the Bank. Both relative and absolute individual performances are considered for the moderation
process. Individual fixed pay increases, variable pay, ESUs and ESOPs are linked to the final performance ratings.

A discussion of the measures the Bank will in general implement to adjust remuneration in the event that
performance metrics are weak:

In cases where the performance metrics are weak or not well defined to measure the performance effectively,
the Bank uses discretion to reward such employees. The remuneration is then influenced by the operational
performance parameters of the Bank along with individual performance achievement.

Whilst determining fixed and variable remuneration, relevant risk measures are included in scorecards of
senior employees.

As a prudent measure, for Material Risk Takers, a portion of variable pay if IT exceeds a certain threshold is deferred
and is paid proportionately over a period of 3 years. The deferred variable pay amount of reference year would be
held back in case of any misrepresentation or gross inaccuracy resulting in a wrong risk assessment.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Description of the bank s policy on deferral and vesting of variable remuneration and a discussion of the bank s
policy and criteria for adjusting deferred remuneration before vesting and after vesting:

Bank s policy on deferral and vesting of variable remuneration:

For MD & CEO, WTDs and other Material Risk Takers of the Bank, minimum 60% of the Total Variable Pay
(including Cash Variable Pay and Stock Options) is deferred over 3 years or such other period as prescribed
by RBI where applicable. In case the cash component is part of Total Variable Pay and exceeds Rs. 25 lakhs,
at least 50% of the cash component of variable pay is also deferred over 3 years or such other period as
prescribed by RBI where applicable.

The Total Variable Pay for MD & CEO, WTDs and other Material Risk Takers of the Bank is subject to malus
and clawback clauses, as defined in the Remuneration Policy of the Bank.

Bank s policy and criteria for adjusting deferred remuneration before vesting and after vesting through
claw back arrangements:

The Total Variable Pay for MD & CEO, WTDs and other Material Risk Takers of the Bank is subject to malus and
clawback clauses, which are defined in the Remuneration Policy of the Bank. Detailed scenarios under which
said clauses can be applied, such as event of an enquiry determining gross negligence or breach of integrity,
or significant deterioration in financial performance are defined in the Remuneration Policy of the Bank.

Description of the different forms of variable remuneration that the Bank utilizes and the rationale for using
these different forms:

An overview of the forms of variable remuneration offered:

Variable Pay: Variable Pay is linked to corporate performance, business performance and individual
performance and ensures differential pay based on the performance levels of employees

Employee Stock Options (ESOPs): ESOPs are given to selective set of employees at senior levels based on
their level of performance and role. ESOP scheme has an inbuilt deferred vesting design which helps in
directing long term performance orientation among employees

Employee Stock Units (ESUs): ESUs are given to employees between the grades of AVP and SVP II based on
their level of performance. The ESU scheme has an inbuilt deferred vesting design which helps in directing
long term performance orientation among employees.

A discussion of the use of different forms of variable remuneration including a description of the factors that
determine the mix and their relative importance:

Variable pay in the form of performance based bonus is paid out annually and is linked to performance achievement
against balanced performance measures and aligned with the principles of meritocracy. The proportion of variable
pay in total pay shall be higher at senior management levels. The payment of all forms of variable pay is governed by
the affordability of the Bank and based on profitability and cost income ratios. At senior management levels (and
for certain employees with potential to cause material impact on risk exposure), a portion of variable compensation
may be paid out in a deferred manner in order to drive prudent behaviour as well as long term & sustainable
performance orientation. Long term variable pay is administered in the form of ESOPs and ESUs with an objective
of enabling employee participation in the business as an active stakeholder and to usher in an owner-manager
culture. The quantum of grant of stock options is determined and approved by the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, in terms of the said Regulations and in line with best practices, subject to the approval of RBI. The
current ESOP and ESU design has an inbuilt deferral intended to spread and manage risk.

Standalone Financial Statements

Quantitative disclosures

The quantitative disclosures pertaining to the MD & CEO, Whole Time Directors and Material Risk Takers for
the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025 are given below:
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Number of meetings held by the Remuneration Committee (main body
overseeing remuneration) during the financial year
Remuneration paid to its members (sitting fees)
`4,400,000
`4,800,000
Number of employees having received a variable remuneration award
during the financial year
Number and total amount of sign-on/joining bonus made during the
-
Share-linked instruments (number of stock options granted)
-
162,387
-
Fair value of share linked instruments
-
`6.41 crores1
-
Cash
-
`0.06 crores
Details of severance pay, in addition to accrued benefits, if any
Total amount of outstanding deferred remuneration, split into:
-
Cash
`32.15 crores
`29.88 crores
-
Shares
-
Share-linked instruments (number of unvested stock options
outstanding as on 31 March and fair value of the same)
3,693,046 options
`135.88 crores1
3,275,367 options
`109.52 crores1
Total amount of deferred remuneration paid out in the financial year:
-
Cash
`14.20 crores
`11.30 crores
-
Share-linked instruments (number of stock options vested during the
year and fair value of the same)
1,520,617 Options
`47.81 crores1
1,440,342 Options
`38.39 crores1
Breakdown of amount of remuneration awards for the financial year to
show fixed and variable, deferred and non-deferred, different forms used:
-
Fixed
`64.35 crores2
`70.55 crores2
-
Variable
`115.09 crores
`117.41 crores

-
Deferred
`98.62 crores
`100.61 crores

-
of which, cash
`16.47 crores1
`16.73 crores1

-
of which, share-linked instruments
`82.15 crores fair
value of 2,186,752
options granted
during the year1
`83.88 crores fair
value of 2,323,007
options granted
during the year1

-
Non-deferred
`16.47 crores
`16.79 crores
Total amount of outstanding deferred remuneration and retained
remuneration exposed to ex-post explicit and/or implicit adjustments
Total amount of reductions during the financial year due to ex-post explicit
adjustments
Total amount of reductions during the financial year due to ex-post implicit
adjustments
k.
Number of MRT s identified
l.
Number of cases where
-
malus has been exercised
-
clawback has been exercised
-
both malus and clawback have been exercised
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
m.
The mean pay for the Bank as a whole (excluding sub-staff) and the deviation
of the pay of each of its WTDs from the mean
Mean pay of the Bank3

Deviation of the pay of WTDs from the mean pay for the Bank
-
MD & CEO
-
WTD 1
-
WTD 2
-
WTD 3
`84,383,958
`57,849,972
`44,218,527
`43,775,831
`33,539,618
`79,639,332
`51,751,906
`42,363,331
`41,763,292

1.
Fair value is the weighted average fair value of stock options computed using Black-Scholes options pricing model as
on the grant date

2.
Fixed pay includes basic salary, supplementary allowances, superannuation, contribution to provident fund, gratuity fund and
value of perquisites. The value of perquisites is calculated as cost to the Bank

3.
Mean pay is computed on annualised fixed pay of all confirmed employees (excluding frontline sales and overseas employees) as
on 31 March. Fixed pay includes basic salary, supplementary allowances, superannuation, contribution to provident fund, gratuity
fund and value of perquisites. The value of perquisites is calculated as cost to the Bank

Disclosure for compensation of Non-executive Directors (Except Part-time Chairman):
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Amount of fixed remuneration paid during the year
2.01
2.14
1.15. Other Disclosures
Business ratios
As at
31. March, 2026
%
31. March, 2025
%
Interest income as a percentage to working funds1
7.52
8.10
Non-interest income as a percentage to working funds1
1.55
1.67
Cost of Deposits
4.85
5.12
Net Interest Margin2
3.69
3.98
Operating profit3 as a percentage to working funds1
2.53
2.78
Return on assets (based on working funds1)
1.45
1.74
Business (deposits less inter-bank deposits plus advances) per employee4
`24.48 crores
`20.88 crores
Profit per employee4
`0.24 crores
`0.25 crores

1.
Working funds represent average of total assets as reported to RBI in Form X under Section 27 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

2.
Net Interest Income/Average Earning Assets. Net Interest Income = Interest Income - Interest Expense

3.
Operating profit represents total income as reduced by interest expended and operating expenses

4.
Productivity ratios are based on average employee numbers for the year
Bancassurance business
Nature of Income
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
1.
For selling life insurance policies
3,233.81
2,746.91
2.
For selling non-life insurance policies
465.78
427.36
Total
3,699.59
3,174.27

Standalone Financial Statements
Marketing and Distribution business
Nature of Income
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
1.
Mutual funds
653.18
649.17
2.
Alternate products
233.16
206.51
3.
Government bonds
3.79
1.43
4.
Fees for display of publicity material
184.77
257.85
5.
Others
49.39
36.21
Total
1,124.29
1,151.17
Disclosure regarding Priority Sector Lending Certificates (PSLCs) purchased/sold by the Bank:

Details of PSLCs purchased by the Bank:

Category
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
PSLC - Small/Marginal Farmers
89,988.00
72,453.50
Total
89,988.00
72,453.50

Details of PSLCs sold by the Bank
Category
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
PSLC - Agriculture
25.00
32,000.00
PSLC - Micro Enterprises
68,800.00
35,000.00
PSLC - Small/Micro Farmers
2,201.00
-
PSLC - General
-
Total
71,026.00
67,000.00

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank incurred a cost of `2,685.03 crores (previous year `1,589.06 crores),
towards purchase of PSLCs which forms part of Other Expenditure under Schedule 16 of the Profit and Loss Account.
Further, during the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank also earned fees of `16.81 crores (previous year `196.89
crores), on sale of PSLCs which forms part of Miscellaneous Income under Schedule 14 of the Profit and Loss Account.
Provisions and contingencies recognised in the Profit and Loss Account comprise of:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Provision for income tax1
-
Current tax
6,959.90
7,477.20
-
Deferred tax [Refer note 18 (2.8)]
(1,862.58)
495.90
5,097.32
7,973.10
Provision for non-performing assets (including bad debts written off net of write backs
and recoveries in written off accounts) 2
9,483.99
7,546.77
1.83
(0.80)
Provision for Covid-19 restructuring & MSME restructuring
(195.12)
(143.48)
Provision towards standard assets3
1,887.72
65.56
Provision for unhedged foreign currency exposures
161.44
(54.74)
25.49
10.57
(18.18)
(38.44)
Provision for probable legal cases
28.96
527.55
Provision for other contingencies4
1,886.70
(154.64)
Total
18,360.15
15,731.45

1.
In the financial year 2022-23, the Bank acquired Citibank s India Consumer Business from Citibank N.A. (acting through its branch in
India) ( CBNA ) and the NBFC Consumer Business from Citicorp Finance (India) Limited ( CFIL ) collectively referred to as Citi India

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Consumer Business on a going concern basis. In accordance with an independent valuer s report, intangibles (excluding goodwill)
amounting to `8,714.25 crores were recognised in the Bank s financial statements. Despite retaining access to and business use of
these assets, as a prudent measure aimed at protecting its capacity to pay dividends, the Bank opted to fully amortise these intangibles
through the Profit and Loss account in FY 2022-23. Furthermore, the Bank elected not to create any deferred tax asset in FY 2022-23
on such intangibles, nor did the Bank consider the deductibility on the said intangibles while providing for current tax in the books until
the regular tax assessment for the said financial year was completed. During the year ended 31 March 2026, following the conclusion
of regular assessment proceedings by the income tax authorities, tax depreciation on these intangibles was allowed. As a result, the tax
expense for FY26 is lower by `2,193.20 crores, which includes the reversal of excess tax provisions made in prior years amounting to
`1,129.80 crores, reduction of current year s tax expense by `265.85 crores and recognition of a deferred tax asset of `797.55 crores

2.
Includes provision for non-performing advances of `12,960.31 crores (previous year `11,578.59 crores) and provision on non-
performing investments of `65.86 crores (previous year provision of `222.51 crores), net of recoveries from written off accounts of
`3,542.18 crores (previous year `3,809.31 crores)

3.
During the year ended 31 March, 2026, following an RBI advisory, post its FY25 annual inspection, the Bank in Q2FY26 made an
additional one-time standard asset provision of `1,231 crores for declassified PSL loans. The customer terms remain unchanged. This
provision will be written back to the P&L upon all the declassified loans being made compliant, recovered or closed in the normal course,
no later than March 31, 2028. No divergence in asset quality or NPA provisioning was identified in the said annual inspection

4.
During the year, the Bank took the initiative to further strengthen its balance sheet by voluntarily enhancing its prudent provisioning
framework for standard assets. In line with this framework, an additional one-time provision of `2,001 crores was made during the
quarter. This measure is entirely prudent and does not indicate any concerns regarding asset quality or adverse credit developments in
the Bank s loan or investment portfolio as of the reporting date
Status of implementation of IFRS converged Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)

The RBI had issued a circular in February 2016 requiring banks to implement Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
and prepare standalone and consolidated Ind AS financial statements with effect from 1 April, 2018. Banks were also
required to report the comparative financial statements for the financial year 2017-18, to be published along with the
financial statement for the year beginning 1 April, 2018. However, the RBI in its press release issued on 5 April, 2018
deferred the applicability of Ind AS by one year (i.e. 1 April, 2019) for Scheduled Commercial Banks. Further, RBI in a
circular issued on 22 March, 2019 has deferred the implementation of Ind AS till further notice.

During the financial year 2016-17, the Bank had undertaken a preliminary diagnostic analysis of the GAAP differences
between Indian GAAP vis-a-vis Ind AS. The Bank has also identified and evaluated data gaps, processes and system
changes required to implement Ind AS. The Bank is in the process of implementing necessary changes in its IT systems
wherever required and other processes in a phased manner. The Bank is also submitting Proforma Ind AS financial
statements to RBI on a half-yearly basis.

In line with the RBI guidelines on Ind AS implementation, the Bank has formed a Steering Committee comprising
members from the concerned functional areas, headed by the Executive Director. The Steering Committee reviews the
proforma Ind AS financial statements and provides guidance on critical areas of implementation on a periodic basis. A
progress report on the status of Ind AS implementation in the Bank is presented to the Audit Committee and Board
of Directors on a quarterly basis. Accounting impact on the application of Ind AS shall be recognized as and when IT
becomes statutorily applicable to banks and in the manner so prescribed.
Payment of DICGC Insurance Premium

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Payment of DICGC Insurance Premium1
1,367.78
1,240.30
Arrears in payment of DICGC premium
-
Total
1,367.78
1,240.30

1.
Amount reported is excluding GST

Standalone Financial Statements
Disclosure on provisioning pertaining to Land held under Non-Banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Amount of Land held under Non-Banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims at
the end of the year
1,855.85
Provision held at the beginning of the year
1,855.85
Provisions made during the year by debiting profit and loss account
-
Provisions reversed during the year
-
Provisions held at the end of the year
1,855.85
Unamortised provision debited from Balance in profit and loss account under Reserves
and Surplus
-
Letters of Comfort

The Bank has not issued any Letter of Comfort (LoC) on behalf of its subsidiaries during the current and previous year.
Portfolio-level information regarding the use of the green deposit funds as required under Framework for acceptance
of Green Deposits issued by RBI :
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Cumulative
Total green deposits raised (A)
-
Use of green deposit funds
1). Renewable Energy
-
2). Energy Efficiency
-
3). Clean Transportation
-
4). Climate Change Adaptation
-
5). Sustainable Water and Waste Management
-
6). Pollution Prevention and Control
-
7). Green Buildings
-
8). Sustainable Management of Living Natural Resources and Land Use
-
9). Terrestrial and Aquatic Biodiversity Conservation
-
Total Green Deposit funds allocated (B = Sum of 1 to 9)
-
Amount of Green Deposit funds not allocated (C = A - B)
-
Details of the temporary allocation of green deposit proceeds pending
their allocation to the eligible green activities/projects
-
Details of Others (including provisions) in Other Liabilities and Provisions of Schedule 5 of Balance Sheet exceeding
1% of Total Assets

During the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, none of the items under Others (including provisions) in
Other Liabilities and Provisions of Schedule 5 of the Balance Sheet have exceeded 1% of Total Assets of the Bank.
Details of Others in Other Assets of Schedule 11 of Balance Sheet exceeding 1% of Total Assets

During the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, none of the items under Others in Other Assets of
Schedule 11 of the Balance Sheet have exceeded 1% of Total Assets of the Bank.
m)
Miscellaneous income exceeding 1% of the total income

During the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, none of the items under miscellaneous income (Schedule
14 - Other Income) have exceeded 1% of total income of the Bank.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
n)
Expenses exceeding 1% of the total income

Details of items under other expenditure (Schedule 16 - Operating Expenses) exceeding 1% of total income of the Bank
are given below:

Nature of Expense
1.
Commission paid to Direct Sales Agents (DSA)
2,843.24
2.
2,685.03
3.
1,743.53
4.
Cashback charges
1,657.71

Nature of Expense
1.
Commission paid to Direct Sales Agents (DSA)
2,619.66
2.
1,629.80
3.
Cashback charges
1,594.58
4.
1,589.06
2.
Other Disclosures
2.1. Earnings Per Share ( EPS )

The details of EPS computation is set out below:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Basic and Diluted earnings for the year (Net profit after tax) (` in crores)
24,456.66
26,373.48
Basic weighted average no. of shares (in crores)
310.28
309.26
Add: Equity shares for no consideration arising on grant of stock options/units under
ESOP/ESU scheme (in crores)
2.04
1.84
Diluted weighted average no. of shares (in crores)
312.32
311.10
Basic EPS (`)
78.82
85.28
Less: Effect of potential equity shares for no consideration arising on grant of stock
options/units under ESOP/ESU scheme (`)
(0.51)
Diluted EPS (`)
78.31
84.77
Nominal value of shares (`)
2.00

Dilution of equity is on account of 20,373,612 stock options/units (previous year 18,432,380 stock options/units)
2.2. Employee Stock Options/Units

Over the period till 31 March 2026, pursuant to the approval of the shareholders, the Bank has framed Employee
Stock Option Schemes for options aggregating 315,087,000 that vest in a graded manner over 3 to 4 years, subject
to vesting conditions. The options can be exercised within five years from the date of the vesting. Further, pursuant
to the approval of the shareholders in January 2023, the Bank also framed an Employee Stock Units (ESUs) Scheme
aggregating to 50,000,000 units, that vest in a graded manner over 3 years, subject to vesting conditions. The ESUs can
be exercised within five years from the date of the vesting. Within the respective overall ceilings of options/units, the
Bank is authorised to issue options/units to eligible employees and Whole Time Directors (including those of subsidiary
companies and Associate entity).

331,417,818 options and 5,112,947 ESUs have been granted under the Schemes till the previous year ended 31
March, 2025. During the year ended 31 March, 2026, pursuant to the approval of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, the Bank granted options/units (each option representing entitlement to one equity share of the Bank) to
eligible employees/directors of the Bank/subsidiary companies as set out below:

Standalone Financial Statements
Options / ESUs
Grant price
(` per option/ units)
25. April, 2025
Options
7,197,426
1,207.10
25. April, 2025
ESUs
2,213,962
2.00
16. July, 2025
Options
137,575
1,165.90
14. January, 2026
Options
103,916
1,262.00

Options
Weighted
Weighted average
(Years)
46,353,347
772.73
4.01
7,438,917
1,165.90 to
1,262.00
1,207.10
-
(1,354,487)
488.35 to 1,207.10
1,017.76
-
(98,943)
488.35 to 757.10
599.82
-
(9,956,984)
683.65
-
42,381,850
862.47
3.81
30,970,974
756.28
2.99

The weighted average share price in respect of options exercised during the year was `1,223.70.

Stock units activity under the Scheme for the year ended 31 March, 2026 is set out below:
Units
Exercise price (`)
Weighted
Weighted average
(Years)
4,267,217
2.00
5.75
2,213,962
2.00
-
(311,215)
2.00
-
2.00
-
(846,588)
2.00
-
5,323,376
2.00
5.42
1,759,298
2.00
4.33

The weighted average share price in respect of units exercised during the year was `1,190.76.

Stock option activity under the Scheme for the year ended 31 March, 2025 is set out below:
Options
Weighted
Weighted average
(Years)
52,199,448
469.90 to 929.80
712.34
4.27
7,105,507
1,063.25 to
1,291.65
1,066.02
-
(2,455,328)
469.90 to 1,063.25
820.58
-
(102,753)
469.90 to 757.10
654.80
-
(10,393,527)
469.90 to 848.80
659.82
-
46,353,347
772.73
4.01
34,860,694
707.90
3.32

The weighted average share price in respect of options exercised during the year was `1,143.23.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Stock units activity under the Scheme for the year ended 31 March, 2025 is set out below:
Units
Outstanding
Exercise price (`)
Weighted
Weighted average
(Years)
2,534,240
2.00
6.09
2,408,870
2.00
-
(270,729)
2.00
-
(405,164)
2.00
-
4,267,217
2.00
5.75
1,057,224
2.00
4.63

The weighted average share price in respect of units exercised during the year was `1,146.05.

Fair Value Methodology

In line with RBI clarification on Guidelines on Compensation of Whole Time Directors/Chief Executive Officers/
Material Risk Takers and Control Function Staff issued on 30 August, 2021, the Bank follows the fair value method
for all share-linked instruments granted after 31 March, 2021 and consequently recognizes the fair value of options
computed using the Black-Scholes model, without reducing estimated forfeitures, as a compensation expense over the
vesting period. During the year, the Bank has recognised compensation cost of `357.38 crores (previous year `365.79
crores) for options/units granted to employees of the Bank and recovered `86.20 crores (previous year `58.18 crores)
from group entities in respect of options/units granted to the employees and deputed staff at group entities.

The fair value of the options/units is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes options pricing model,
with the following assumptions:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
ESOP
ESU
ESOP
ESU
Dividend yield
0.09%-0.11%
0.11%
0.09%
Expected life
5.80% to 6.28%
5.87% to 5.96%
6.85% to 7.09%
6.95% to 7.06%
Volatility
21.61% to 28.38%
22.85% to 25.51%
24.00% to 29.15%
19.89% to 24.01%

Volatility is the measure of the amount by which a price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate during a period.
The measure of volatility used in the Black-Scholes options pricing model is the annualised standard deviation of the
continuously compounded rates of return on the stock over a period of time. For calculating volatility, the daily volatility
of the stock prices on the National Stock Exchange, over a period prior to the date of grant, corresponding with the
expected life of the options has been considered.

The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is `369.69 (previous
year `358.68).

The weighted average fair value of units granted during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is `1,202.67 (previous
year `1,059.51).
2.3. Proposed Dividend

The Board of Directors, in their meeting held on 25 April, 2026 have proposed a final dividend of `1 per equity share
amounting to `310.82 crores. The proposal is subject to the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
In terms of revised Accounting Standard (AS) 4 - Contingencies and Events occurring after the Balance sheet date
as notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs through the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021, such
proposed dividend has not been recognised as a liability as on 31 March, 2026.

During the year, the Bank paid final dividend of `1 per equity share amounting `310.14 crores pertaining to the previous
year ended 31 March, 2025.

Standalone Financial Statements
2.4. Segmental reporting

The business of the Bank is divided into four segments: Treasury, Retail Banking, Corporate/Wholesale Banking and
Other Banking Business. These segments have been identified based on the RBI guidelines on Segment Reporting. The
principal activities of these segments are as under:
Segment
Principal Activities
Treasury
Treasury operations include investments in sovereign and corporate debt, equity and mutual funds,
trading operations, derivative trading and foreign exchange operations on the proprietary account and
for customers. The Treasury segment also includes the central funding unit.
Retail Banking
Constitutes lending to individuals/small businesses through the branch network and other delivery
channels subject to the orientation, nature of product, granularity of the exposure and the quantum
thereof. Retail Banking activities also include liability products, card services, internet banking, mobile
banking, ATM services, depository, financial advisory services and NRI services.
Digital Banking
(Sub-segment of Retail
Banking)
In accordance with RBI circular DOR.AUT.REC.12/22.01.001/2022-23 dated 7 April 2022 on
Establishment of Digital Banking Units, the Bank has presented Digital Banking as a sub-segment of
the Retail Banking segment.
Corporate/Wholesale
Banking
Includes corporate relationships not included under Retail Banking, corporate advisory services,
placements and syndication, project appraisals, capital market related services and cash management
Other Banking Business
Includes para banking activities like third party product distribution and other banking transactions not
covered under any of the above three segments.

Unallocated assets and liabilities - All items which are reckoned at an enterprise level are classified under this segment
such as deferred tax, tax paid in advance net of provision, provision for other contingencies towards potential
expected losses etc.

Revenues of the Treasury segment primarily consist of fees and gains or losses from trading operations and interest
income on the investment portfolio. The principal expenses of the segment consist of interest expense on funds
borrowed from external sources and other internal segments, premises expenses, personnel costs, other direct
overheads and allocated expenses.

Revenues of the Corporate/Wholesale Banking segment consist of interest and fees earned on loans given to customers
falling under this segment and fees arising from transaction services and merchant banking activities such as syndication
and debenture trusteeship. Revenues of the Retail Banking segment are derived from interest earned on loans classified
under this segment, fees for banking and advisory services, ATM interchange fees and cards products. Expenses of the
Corporate/Wholesale Banking and Retail Banking segments primarily comprise interest expense on deposits and funds
borrowed from other internal segments, infrastructure and premises expenses for operating the branch network and
other delivery channels, personnel costs, other direct overheads and allocated expenses.

Segment income includes earnings from external customers and from funds transferred to the other segments. Segment
result includes revenue as reduced by interest expense and operating expenses and provisions, if any, for that segment.
Segment-wise income and expenses include certain allocations. Inter segment interest income and interest expense
represent the transfer price received from and paid to the Central Funding Unit (CFU) respectively. For this purpose,
the funds transfer pricing mechanism presently followed by the Bank, which is based on historical matched maturity
and internal benchmarks, has been used by the Bank and relied upon by the Statutory Auditors. Operating expenses
other than those directly attributable to segments are allocated to the segments based on an activity-based costing
methodology. All activities in the Bank are segregated segment-wise and allocated to the respective segment.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Segmental results are set out below:
31. March, 2026
Treasury
Corporate/
Wholesale
Banking
Retail Banking
Other Banking
Business
Unallocated
Total
Digital Banking
Business
Other Retail
Banking
Business
Total Retail
Banking
Segment Revenue
27,515.51
35,934.00
17,007.23
46,511.92
63,519.15
-
63.57
1,27,032.23
Other income
2,894.46
5,390.76
8,320.69
4,616.91
12,937.60
4,908.03
-
26,130.85
30,409.97
41,324.76
25,327.92
51,128.83
76,456.75
4,908.03
63.57
1,53,163.08
-
8,004.44
14,327.81
54,309.26
68,637.07
-
76,641.51
30,409.97
49,329.20
39,655.73
1,05,438.09
1,45,093.82
4,908.03
63.57
2,29,804.59
17,840.88
1,266.32
12,135.43
39,741.56
51,876.99
-
70,984.19
Less: Inter-segment interest expense
7,053.47
29,282.14
8,027.85
32,278.05
40,305.90
-
76,641.51
Less: Operating expenses
359.02
6,831.58
10,038.61
21,865.35
31,903.96
267.52
-
39,362.08
Operating profit
5,156.60
11,949.16
9,453.84
11,553.13
21,006.97
4,640.51
63.57
42,816.81
119.92
743.24
5,198.81
7,200.84
12,399.65
0.02
-
13,262.83
Segment result
5,036.68
11,205.92
4,255.03
4,352.29
8,607.32
4,640.49
63.57
29,553.98
Less: Provision for tax
5,097.32
-
Net Profit
24,456.66
Segment assets
619,567.76
571,029.14
148,123.32
538,475.89
686,599.21
1,084.10
8,569.67
18,86,849.88
Segment liabilities
342,691.86
254,472.26
219,472.46
858,474.30
10,77,946.76
48.50
7,496.24
16,82,655.62
Net assets
276,875.90
316,556.88
(71,349.14)
(319,998.41)
(391,347.55)
1,035.60
1,073.43
204,194.26
10.97
394.74
397.56
1,124.55
1,522.11
31.24
-
1,959.06
10.13
364.50
367.10
1,038.40
1,405.50
28.85
-
1,808.98
1.
represents material non-cash items other than depreciation

Standalone Financial Statements
31. March, 2025
Treasury
Corporate/
Wholesale
Banking
Retail Banking
Other Banking
Business
Unallocated
Total
Digital Banking
Business
Other Retail
Banking
Business
Total Retail
Banking
Segment Revenue
25,118.44
33,445.55
15,446.07
48,298.26
63,744.33
-
368.72
1,22,677.04
Other income
3,548.12
4,686.88
7,685.28
4,615.27
12,300.55
4,721.51
-
25,257.06
28,666.56
38,132.43
23,131.35
52,913.53
76,044.88
4,721.51
368.72
1,47,934.10
1,245.89
8,447.91
11,189.01
53,694.40
64,883.41
-
74,577.21
29,912.45
46,580.34
34,320.36
1,06,607.93
1,40,928.29
4,721.51
368.72
2,22,511.31
18,071.06
1,730.95
9,215.82
39,311.39
48,527.21
-
68,329.22
5,368.43
28,066.80
7,164.82
33,977.16
41,141.98
-
74,577.21
Less: Operating expenses
482.91
5,381.95
10,151.13
21,225.61
31,376.74
258.35
-
37,499.95
Operating profit
5,990.05
11,400.64
7,788.59
12,093.77
19,882.36
4,463.16
368.72
42,104.93
1,182.68
963.43
5,590.49
4,342.61
9,933.10
0.02
28.66
7,758.35
Segment result
7,172.73
12,364.07
2,198.10
7,751.16
9,949.26
4,463.14
397.38
34,346.58
Less: Provision for tax
7,973.10
-
Net Profit
26,373.48
Segment assets
538,714.45
425,365.09
127,728.56
510,614.06
638,342.62
776.74
6,730.98
16,09,929.88
Segment liabilities
261,334.83
232,941.73
174,174.82
754,850.49
929,025.31
54.49
7,956.58
14,31,312.94
Net assets
277,379.62
192,423.36
(46,446.26)
(244,236.43)
(290,682.69)
722.25
(1,225.60)
178,616.94
14.88
485.49
458.99
1,463.06
1,922.04
46.90
-
2,469.31
10.24
334.07
315.83
1,006.72
1,322.56
32.27
-
1,699.14
1.
represents material non-cash items other than depreciation

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Geographic Segments

Domestic
International
Total
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Revenue
150,090.16
144,612.90
3,072.92
3,321.20
153,163.08
147,934.10
Assets
1,809,570.45
1,553,397.93
77,279.43
56,531.95
1,886,849.88
1,609,929.88
Capital Expenditure for the
1,956.62
2,462.82
2.44
6.49
1,959.06
2,469.31
Depreciation on fixed assets
for the year
1,807.27
1,697.78
1.71
1.36
1,808.98
1,699.14
2.5 Related party disclosure

The related parties of the Bank are broadly classified as:
Promoter

The Bank has identified the following entities as its Promoter:

Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)
Key Management Personnel

Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry (MD & CEO)

Mr. Rajiv Anand (Deputy Managing Director) (upto 2 August, 2025)

Mr. Subrat Mohanty (Executive Director)

Mr. Munish Sharda (Executive Director)

Mr. Neeraj Gambhir (Executive Director) (with effect from 20 October, 2025)
Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Preeti Chaudhry, Mr. Anagh Chaudhry, Mr. Aruj Chaudhry, Mr. Aryan Chaudhry, Ms. Rajul Parekh, Ms. Chhavi
Kharb, Mr. Ashok Kharb, Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry, Ms. Kusum Chaudhry, Ms. Gitanjali Anand, Ms. Tara Anand,
Ms. Nandita Anand, Mr. P.L. Narain, Mr. P. Srinivas, Ms. Ratna Rao Shekar, Ms. Charu Narain, Ms. K Ramalakshmi,
Ms. Smitha Mohanty, Mr. Agastya Mohanty, Mr. Rajat Mohanty, Ms. Neelima Mohanty, Mr. Narasingh Mohanty,
Ms. Gitashree Mohanty, Ms. Rima Sharda, Ms. Tanya Sharda, Ms. Shashi Sharda, Mr. Rakesh Sharda, Ms. Monica Sharda,
Ms. Shalini Chhabra, Ms. Vritika Gambhir, Ms. Ishya Gambhir, Ms. Anu Miglani, Mr. Rajnish Miglani, Ms. Darshan Kumari,
Mr. Madan Lal Gambhir
Subsidiary Companies

Axis UK Limited (formerly Axis Bank UK Limited)

Standalone Financial Statements

On 17 July, 2024, the Board of Directors of Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (FPTPL) approved a
Scheme of Demerger ( the Scheme ). The Scheme involves the transfer of the Business Correspondence (BC) and
Technology Service Provision (TSP) business from FPTPL to Freecharge Business and Technology Services Limited
(FBTSL), both wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bank. As part of this process, a joint petition was filed with the National
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) Chandigarh bench on 31 July, 2024, under Section 230-232 of the Companies Act,
2013, seeking approval for the Scheme. The NCLT approved the Scheme on 10 December, 2025. Consequently, the
BC and TSP business have been transferred and vested in FBTSL effective 1 January, 2026, with the appointed date
being 1 July, 2024, as per the Scheme. FPTPL has completed the necessary filings with the Registrar of Companies in
accordance with the NCLT order.
Step down subsidiary companies

Axis Capital USA LLC

Associate

Axis Max Life Insurance Limited (formerly Max Life Insurance Company Limited)

Based on RBI guidelines, details of transactions with Promoter (Life Insurance Corporation of India) and Associate (Axis
Max Life Insurance Limited) are not disclosed since there is only one entity/party in the aforesaid categories.

The details of transactions of the Bank with its related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2026 are given below:
Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel#
Subsidiaries
Step down
Subsidiaries
Total
Dividend paid
0.04
0.00*
-
0.04
Dividend received
-
15.00
-
15.00
Interest paid
0.52
1.03
62.97
0.04
64.56
Interest received
-
0.01
46.07
-
46.08
Investment of the Bank
-
1,062.64
-
1,062.64
17.06
-
17.06
-
515.26
-
515.26
Management contracts
-
10.53
0.57
11.10
Remuneration paid
27.93
-
27.93
Swaps/Forward contracts
-
474.18
-
474.18
-
495.76
-
495.76
Advance repaid
-
0.01
-
0.01
Non-funded commitments (issued)
-
0.08
-
0.08
Non-funded commitments (Reduction)
-
257.36
0.05
257.41
0.00*
159.94
0.56
160.50
Sale/Purchase of foreign exchange currency to/from related
0.45
0.01
-
0.46
Royalty Received
-
13.14
0.02
13.16
-
91.55
2.47
94.02
-
4.79
-
4.79

# Details of transactions of the Bank with KMP and relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Bank as on 31 March, 2026 are given below:
Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel#
Subsidiaries
Step down
Subsidiaries
Total
Deposits with the Bank
14.93
17.28
2,043.60
1.12
2,076.93
Advances
0.11
0.07
937.27
-
937.45
Investment of the Bank
-
3,807.53
7.22
3,814.75
-
525.00
-
525.00
0.01
0.00*
-
0.01
-
0.33
-
0.33
-
22.60
0.10
22.70
-
102.16
-
102.16
Swaps/Forward contracts
-
474.18
-
474.18

# Details of transactions of the Bank with KMP and relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

The maximum balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Bank during the year ended 31 March,
2026 are given below:
Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Subsidiaries
Step down
Total
Deposits with the Bank
22.88
17.28
4,051.91
5.96
4,098.03
Advances
0.25
0.20
976.11
-
976.56
Investment of the Bank
-
3,807.53
7.22
3,814.75
0.12
0.00*
-
0.12
-
945.00
-
945.00
-
0.33
-
0.33
Swaps/Forward Contracts
-
474.18
-
474.18
-
27.16
0.10
27.26
-
122.01
0.01
122.02

The details of transactions of the Bank with its related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2025 are given below:
Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel#
Subsidiaries
Step down
Subsidiaries
Total
Dividend paid
0.06
0.00*
-
0.06
Dividend received
-
24.58
-
24.58
Interest paid
0.38
0.76
64.45
0.03
65.62
Interest received
0.01
0.00*
38.48
-
38.49
Investment of the Bank
-
888.56
-
888.56
-
329.28
-
329.28
-
375.00
-
375.00
53.29
-
53.29
-
554.39
-
554.39
Management contracts
-
8.20
0.39
8.59
Remuneration paid
27.71
-
27.71
Swaps/Forward contracts
-
3.24
-
3.24
-
0.07
123.71
-
123.78
Advance repaid
0.77
-
0.06
-
0.83

Standalone Financial Statements
Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel#
Subsidiaries
Step down
Subsidiaries
Total
Non-funded commitments (reduction)
-
0.05
-
0.05
-
25.24
-
25.24
-
186.09
0.05
186.14
0.00*
202.27
0.42
202.69
Sale/Purchase of foreign exchange currency to/from related
0.14
0.00*
-
0.14
Royalty Received
-
11.82
0.01
11.83
-
65.75
1.46
67.21
-
5.53
-
5.53

# Details of transactions of the Bank with KMP and relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

The balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Bank as on 31 March, 2025 are given below:

Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel#
Subsidiaries
Step down
Subsidiaries
Total
Deposits with the Bank
8.81
14.43
2,031.06
0.78
2,055.08
Advances
0.19
0.15
441.50
-
441.84
Investment of the Bank
-
3,807.53
7.22
3,814.75
-
495.00
-
495.00
0.12
0.00*
-
0.12
-
0.25
-
0.25
-
27.16
0.07
27.23
-
73.91
-
73.91

# Details of transactions of the Bank with KMP and relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

The maximum balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Bank during the year ended
31 March, 2025 are given below:

Items/Related Party
Key
Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Subsidiaries
Step down
Total
Deposits with the Bank
22.83
14.77
2,547.57
7.50
2,592.67
Advances
1.01
0.23
914.73
-
915.97
Investment of the Bank
-
3,816.60
7.22
3,823.82
0.14
0.00*
-
0.14
-
495.00
-
495.00
-
0.30
-
0.30
-
27.16
0.07
27.23
-
135.68
0.03
135.71

The transactions with Promoters and Key Management Personnel excluding those under management contracts are in
the nature of the banker-customer relationship.

Details of transactions with Axis Mutual Fund, the fund floated by Axis Asset Management Company Ltd., the Bank s
subsidiary has not been disclosed since the entity does not qualify as Related Party as defined under the Accounting
Standard 18, Related Party Disclosure, as notified under Section 2(2) and Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
as per RBI guidelines.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The significant transactions between the Bank and related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31
March, 2025 are given below. A specific related party transaction is disclosed as a significant related party transaction
wherever IT exceeds 10% of the aggregate value of all related party transactions in that category:
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Dividend received
-
10.33
15.00
14.25
Dividend paid
Mr. Rajiv Anand
0.04
0.06
Interest paid
9.31
8.64
36.67
40.68
Interest received
39.21
33.70
6.82
4.72
Investment in Subsidiaries
-
250.00
-
598.56
1,062.64
375.00
-
329.28
Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry
8.07
35.09
Mr. Rajiv Anand
4.83
13.97
Mr. Munish Sharda
2.33
4.23
Mr. Neeraj Gambhir
1.83
515.26
554.39
Management contracts
4.78
3.28
2.45
2.33
3.30
2.25
-
0.17
Remuneration paid
Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry
10.30
9.80
Mr. Rajiv Anand
4.17
6.84
Mr. Subrat Mohanty
6.13
5.63
Mr. Munish Sharda
5.70
5.44
Swaps/Forward contracts
-
3.24
474.18
-
186.76
123.71
309.00
-
Advance repaid
Mr. Rajiv Anand
-
0.77
Mr. Rakesh Sharda
0.01
-
Non-funded commitments (Issued)
0.08
-
Non-funded commitments (reduction)
-
0.05
-
25.24

Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
179.92
183.76
76.05
-
0.03
70.99
64.84
22.37
28.78
46.24
87.94
Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry
0.18
0.04
Mr. Rajiv Anand
0.01
0.03
Mr. Subrat Mohanty
0.11
0.03
Mr. Munish Sharda
0.07
0.04
Mr. Neeraj Gambhir
0.07
Royalty received
2.30
2.17
1.15
1.06
7.62
6.15
1.97
2.23
12.35
12.06
22.41
6.66
2.12
2.26
45.77
30.06
3.93
8.45
4.65
5.28
-
0.02

2.6. Leases

Disclosure in respect of assets taken on operating lease

This comprises of branches, office premises/ATMs, cash deposit machines, currency chests, staff quarters, office
and IT equipment.

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Future lease rentals payable as at the end of the year:
1,470.37
1,311.87
4,799.09
4,200.71
5,496.47
4,907.75
Total of minimum lease payments recognised in the Profit and Loss Account for the year
1,817.69
1,741.94
Total of future minimum sub-lease payments expected to be received under non-
cancellable subleases
0.38
0.16
Sub-lease payments recognised in the Profit and Loss Account for the year
0.50
0.64

The Bank has sub-leased certain of its properties taken on lease.

The terms of renewal/purchase options and escalation clauses are those normally prevalent in similar agreements.
There are generally no undue restrictions or onerous clauses in the agreements.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Disclosure in respect of assets given on operating lease

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Gross carrying amount of premises at the end of the year
209.60
Accumulated depreciation at the end of the year
35.91
32.41
Total depreciation charged to profit and loss account for the year
3.49
Future lease rentals receivable as at the end of the year:
30.85
28.66
68.34
81.14
17.02
34.17

2.7 Movement in fixed assets capitalised as application software and intangibles (included in other fixed assets)

Movement of fixed assets capitalized as application software

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
4,989.12
3,995.01
Additions during the year*
627.24
1,118.13
(867.77)
(124.02)
Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March
(3,047.28)
(3,214.37)
1,701.31
1,774.75
Depreciation charge for the year
696.98
659.47

*includes movement on account of exchange rate fluctuation for assets denominated in foreign currency

Movement of fixed assets capitalized as intangibles and goodwill

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
11,932.39
-
Accumulated amortisation as at 31 March
11,932.39
-
Amortisation charge for the year
-
2.8 The major components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities arising out of timing differences are as under:
As at
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Deferred tax assets on account of provisions for loan losses
4,039.07
3,520.60
Deferred tax assets on account of provision for employee benefits
124.43
136.06
Deferred tax assets on Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR)
403.35
189.90
Deferred tax asset on account of depreciation on fixed assets
713.03
-
Deferred tax assets on other items
2,414.34
1,882.51
Deferred tax assets
7,694.22
5,729.07
Deferred tax liabilities on account of depreciation on fixed assets
-
83.20
Deferred tax liability on creation of Special Reserve under Income Tax Act [Refer note
18 (1.1) (b) (iv)]
997.36
863.88
Deferred tax liability on transition gain on MTM of Investments
119.15
115.62

Standalone Financial Statements
As at
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Deferred tax liabilities on interest on income tax refund
-
90.97
Deferred tax liabilities on account of other items
88.16
134.39
Deferred tax liabilities
1,204.67
1,288.06
Net Deferred tax assets
6,489.55
4,441.01
2.9. Employee Benefits

Provident Fund

The rules of the Bank s Provident Fund administered by a Trust require that if the Board of Trustees are unable to
pay interest at the rate declared for Employees Provident Fund by the Government under para 60 of the Employees
Provident Fund Scheme, 1952 for the reason that the return on investment is less or for any other reason, then the
deficiency shall be made good by the Bank.

and funded status and amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet for the Provident Fund benefit plan (including staff
deputed at subsidiaries).

Profit and Loss Account

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Current Service Cost*
292.50
288.99
Interest on Defined Benefit Obligation
343.36
324.38
Expected Return on Plan Assets
(427.63)
(385.65)
384.51
4.20
Effect of the limit in Para 59(b) of Accounting Standard - 15
(174.03)
57.07
Total included in Employee Benefit Expense [Schedule 16(I)]
418.71
288.99
Actual Return on Plan Assets
190.09
453.51

* includes contribution of `0.37 crores towards staff deputed at subsidiaries (previous year `0.32 crores)

Balance Sheet

Details of provision for provident fund

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Fair Value of Plan Assets
5,458.38
5,178.59
Present Value of Funded Obligations
(5,584.59)
(5,004.56)
Net Asset/(Liability)
(126.21)
174.03
Amount not recognized as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of Accounting Standard -15)
-
(174.03)
Net Asset/(Liability)
(126.21)
-
Liabilities
126.21
-
Assets
-
Net Asset/(Liability)
(126.21)
-

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in Defined Benefit Obligation
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation
5,004.56
4,402.55
Current Service Cost
292.50
288.99
Interest Cost
343.36
324.38
Actuarial Losses/(Gains)
146.98
72.06
Employees Contribution
483.83
479.87
Liability transferred from/to other companies
(55.53)
(24.13)
Benefits Paid
(631.11)
(539.16)
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation
5,584.59
5,004.56

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in the Fair Value of Assets
Opening Fair Value of Plan Assets
5,178.59
4,519.51
Expected Return on Plan Assets
427.63
385.65
Actuarial Gains/(Losses)
(237.53)
67.86
Employer contribution during the period
292.50
288.99
Employee contribution during the period
483.83
479.87
Assets transferred from/to other companies
(55.53)
(24.13)
Benefits Paid
(631.11)
(539.16)
Closing Fair Value of Plan Assets
5,458.38
5,178.59

Experience adjustments
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2024
31. March, 2023
31. March, 2022
Defined Benefit Obligations
5,584.59
5,004.56
4,402.55
3,933.75
3,404.21
Plan Assets
5,458.38
5,178.59
4,519.51
4,007.93
3,538.64
Surplus/(Deficit)
(126.21)
174.03
116.96
74.18
134.43
Experience Adjustments on Plan Liabilities
58.96
38.22
19.59
17.24
169.83
Experience Adjustments on Plan Assets
(237.53)
67.86
36.77
(106.74)
270.73

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Government securities
51%
53%
Other debt instruments
13%
11%
Equity shares
13%
Others
23%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount rate for the term of the obligation
6.95%
6.80%
Average historic yield on the investment portfolio
7.83%
8.19%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of the investment portfolio
7.00%
6.80%
Expected investment return
7.78%
8.19%
Guaranteed rate of return
8.25%

Standalone Financial Statements

The contribution to the employee s provident fund (including Employee Pension Scheme) amounted to `422.12 crores
for the year (previous year `421.12 crores) .

Superannuation

The Bank contributed `11.67 crores (previous year `15.04 crores) to the superannuation plan for the year. In addition
the Bank holds a provision of `23.06 crores (previous year `30.70 crores) for the eligible employees who had moved to
the Bank as part of the Citibank India consumer business acquisition as they are entitled to receive a lumpsum corpus
amount under a separate Superannuation scheme with vesting criteria of 10 years.

National Pension Scheme (NPS)

During the year, the Bank contributed `25.29 crores (previous year `20.67 crores) to the NPS for employees who have
opted for the scheme.

Gratuity

and funded status and amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet for the Gratuity benefit plan.

Profit and Loss Account

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Current Service Cost
145.68
111.00
Interest on Defined Benefit Obligation
80.24
63.22
Expected Return on Plan Assets
(64.21)
(50.19)
(47.91)
7.36
Losses/(gains) on Acquisition
-
Past Service Cost
337.82
-
Sub-total
451.62
131.39
Less: Utilisation from prudent provision made in earlier years towards probable impact
on account of Code of Social Security, 2020
(278.46)
-
Total included in Employee Benefit Expense [Refer Schedule 16(I) and note below]
173.16
131.39
Actual Return on Plan Assets
63.98
64.24

On 21 November 2025, the Government of India consolidated 29 existing labour laws into a unified framework of four
Labour Codes (including the Code on Social Security, 2020), collectively referred to as the New Labour Codes . Since
Q3FY21, based on an internal policy, the Bank has been consistently provisioning for gratuity liability, in anticipation of
the implementation of the Code on Social Security, 2020. In Q3FY26, the Bank performed a preliminary assessment of
the financial impact of the New Labour Codes based on the draft Central Rules and FAQs published by the Ministry of
Labour and Employment, in line with the guidance from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and charged to
its Profit and Loss Account an amount of `25.44 crores towards gratuity, primarily due to changes in the wage definition.
The Bank continues to monitor the finalization of Central and State rules relating to the New Labour Codes and will
adjust its estimates and provisions in subsequent reporting periods, in accordance with applicable accounting standards.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Balance Sheet

Details of provision for gratuity
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Fair Value of Plan Assets
1,314.99
914.54
Present Value of Funded Obligations
(1,435.52)
(947.96)
Unrecognised past service cost
89.39
-
Net Asset/(Liability)
(31.14)
(33.42)
Amounts in Balance Sheet
Liabilities
31.14
33.42
Assets
-
Net Asset/(Liability) (included under Schedule 11 Other Assets /Schedule 5 - Other
Liabilities)
(31.14)
(33.42)

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in Defined Benefit Obligation
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation
947.96
816.79
Current Service Cost
145.68
111.00
Interest Cost
80.24
63.22
Actuarial Losses/(Gains)
(48.14)
21.42
Past service cost
427.21
-
Benefits Paid
(117.42)
(64.47)
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation
1,435.52
947.96

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in the Fair Value of Assets
Opening Fair Value of Plan Assets
914.54
726.76
Expected Return on Plan Assets
64.21
50.19
Actuarial Gains/(Losses)
(0.24)
14.06
Contributions by Employer
453.90
188.00
Benefits Paid
(117.42)
(64.47)
Closing Fair Value of Plan Assets
1,314.99
914.54

Experience adjustments

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2024
31. March, 2023
31. March, 2022
Defined Benefit Obligations
1,435.52
947.96
816.79
677.86
547.55
Plan Assets
1,314.99
914.54
726.76
678.09
559.68
Surplus/(Deficit)
(120.53)
(33.42)
(90.03)
0.23
12.13
Experience Adjustments on Plan Liabilities
(32.70)
(5.36)
11.62
3.97
25.88
Experience Adjustments on Plan Assets
(0.24)
14.06
(2.46)
(19.73)
9.45

Standalone Financial Statements

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Government securities
44%
53%
Bonds, debentures and other fixed income instruments
40%
38%
Money market instruments
5%
3%
Equity shares
9%
4%
Balance in bank & others
2%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.95% p.a.
6.80% p.a.
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets
7.00% p.a.
Salary Escalation Rate
Employee Turnover
24.00%
14.00%
8.00%

The estimates of future salary increases considered in actuarial valuation take account of inflation, seniority, promotion
and other relevant factors.

The expected rate of return on plan assets is based on the average long-term rate of return expected on investments of
the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

As the contribution expected to be paid to the plan during the annual period beginning after the balance sheet date is
based on various internal/external factors, a best estimate of the contribution is not determinable.

Resettlement allowance

Profit and Loss account

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank wrote back a provision of `1.06 crores (previous year provision
of `0.21 crores) towards liability in respect of resettlement allowance based on actuarial valuation conducted by an
independent actuary.

Balance Sheet

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Current liability
0.46
Non current liability
2.18
3.24
Net Liability as per actuarial valuation (included under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities)
2.64
3.70

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.95% p.a.
6.80% p.a.
Salary Escalation Rate
Employee Turnover
24.00%
14.00%
8.00%

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
2.10 Provisions and contingencies

Movement in provision for frauds included under other liabilities is set out below:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
242.69
214.33
54.42
56.88
Reductions on account of payments/reversals during the year
(5.41)
(28.52)
291.70
242.69

Other liabilities include provision for reward points made on actuarial basis, the movement of which is set out below:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
1,178.45
997.08
Provision made during the year
1,312.62
1,024.16
(1,271.29)
(842.79)
Closing provision at the end of the year
1,219.78
1,178.45

Movement in provision for other contingencies is set out below:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
7,749.71
7,429.46
Additions during the year1,2
2,331.75
784.19
(483.30)
(463.94)
Closing provision at the end of the year3,4
9,598.16
7,749.71

1.
During the year, the Bank took the initiative to further strengthen its balance sheet by voluntarily enhancing its prudent
provisioning framework for standard assets. In line with this framework, an additional one-time provision of `2,001 crores was
made. This measure is entirely prudent and does not indicate any concerns regarding asset quality or adverse credit developments
in the Bank s loan or investment portfolio as of the reporting date

2.

3.
Closing provision includes provision for legal cases, additional provision for delay in implementation of resolution plan, provision on
AIF investments, provision held under prudent provisioning framework for standard assets and provision for other contingencies

4.
Includes provision of `7,013 crores (previous year `5,012 crores) held under prudent provisioning framework for standard assets
2.11. Small and Micro Enterprises

Under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 which came into force from 2 October, 2006,
certain disclosures are required to be made relating to Micro, Small and Medium enterprises. Following are the details
of delayed payments to MSMED registered vendors.
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Principal
Interest
Principal
Interest
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to
any supplier
43.58
0.00*
11.94
0.01
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16, along
with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the due
date
1.76
0.01
3.07
0.02
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making
payment (which have been paid but beyond the due date during the
year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006
0.29
0.30

Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Principal
Interest
Principal
Interest
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are
actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowed as a
deductible expenditure under Section 23
0.29
0.30

The above is based on the information available with the Bank which has been relied upon by the auditors.
2.12. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Amount required to be spent by the Bank on CSR during the year `529.49 crores (previous year `425.92 crores).
The details of CSR activities carried out in line with the CSR Policy of the Bank are given below:
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Amount required to be spent by the Bank during the year
529.49
425.92
Amount of expenditure incurred
421.66
286.92
Accrual towards unspent obligations (shortfall) in relation
to ongoing project
108.45
139.65
Nature of CSR activities
-
Lives & Livelihoods
-
Education
Others:-
-
Environmental Sustainability
-
Humanitarian & Relief
-
Healthcare & Nutrition
-
Sports
-
Arts & Culture
-
Financial Literacy &
Financial Inclusion
-
Lives & Livelihoods
-
Education
Others:-
-
Environmental Sustainability
-
Humanitarian & Relief
-
Healthcare & Nutrition
-
Sports
-
Financial Literacy &
Financial Inclusion

Amount spent towards CSR during the year and recognized as expense in the profit and loss account on CSR
related activities is `530.11 crores (previous year `426.57 crores), which comprises of following-
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
In cash
Yet to be paid in
cash (i.e. provision)1
Total
In cash
Yet to be paid in
cash (i.e. provision)
Total
Construction/acquisition of any asset
-
On purpose other than above
421.66
108.45
530.11
286.92
139.65
426.57

1.
Transferred to the Axis Bank Limited-Unspent CSR Account for FY 2025-26 to be utilized towards on-going project(s)/program(s)
in line with the provisions of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Movement in the provision towards unspent CSR amount
Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
140.87
56.68
108.45
139.65
Reduction during the year
(140.84)
(55.46)
108.48
140.87
2.13 Disclosure required as per Ministry of Corporate Affairs notification dated 24 March, 2021

During the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, other than the transactions undertaken in the normal course
of banking business and in accordance with extant regulatory guidelines and Bank s internal policies, as applicable:

1.
the Bank has not granted any advance/loans or investments or provided guarantee or security to any other
person(s) or entities with an understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, to further lend or invest on
behalf of the Bank or provide guarantee or security or the like to any other person identified by the Bank.

2.
the Bank has not received any funds from any person(s) or entities with an understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Bank shall further lend or invest or provide guarantee or security or the like in any
other person on behalf of and identified by such person(s)/entities.
2.14 Description of contingent liabilities

These represent claims filed against the Bank in the normal course of business relating to various legal cases
currently in progress. These also include demands raised by tax authorities and other statutory authorities which
are disputed by the Bank. The Bank holds provision of `925.74 crores as on 31 March, 2026 (previous year
`896.77 crores) towards claims assessed as probable.

This represents amounts remaining unpaid towards liability for partly paid investments.

Liability on account of forward exchange contracts

The Bank enters into foreign exchange contracts, including non-deliverable forward (NDF) contracts on its own
account and on OTC for customers. Forward exchange contracts are commitments to buy or sell foreign currency
at a future date at the contracted rate. A non-deliverable forward contract is a currency derivatives contract to
exchange cash flows between the contracted forward exchange rate and prevailing spot rates. The amount of
contingent liability represents the notional principal of respective forward exchange contracts. With respect to
the transactions entered into with its customers, the Bank generally enters into off-setting transactions in the
inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large
value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.

Standalone Financial Statements

Liability on account of derivative contracts

The Bank enters into derivative contracts in the form of currency options/swaps, exchange traded currency options,
Non-deliverable derivatives and interest rate/ currency futures on its own account and on OTC for customers.
Currency swaps are commitments between two counterparties to exchange streams of interest payments and/or
principal amounts in different currencies on specified dates over the duration of the swap at a pre-agreed exchange
rate. Interest rate swaps are commitments to exchange fixed and floating interest rate cash flows. Interest rate
futures are standardised, exchange-traded contracts that represent a pledge to undertake a certain interest rate
transaction at a specified price, on a specified future date. Forward rate agreements (FRA) are financial contracts
between two counterparties, in which a buyer will pay or receive, on the settlement date, the difference between
a pre-determined fixed rate (FRA rate) and a reference interest rate, applied on a notional principal amount, for a
specified forward period. A foreign currency option is an agreement between two parties in which one grants to
the other the right to buy or sell a specified amount of currency at a specific price within a specified time period
or at a specified future time. An Exchange Traded Currency Option contract is a standardised foreign exchange
derivative contract, which gives the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to exchange money denominated
in one currency into another currency at a pre-agreed exchange rate on a specified date on the date of expiry.
Non-deliverable derivative means an OTC foreign exchange derivative contract in which there is no delivery of
the notional amount of the underlying currencies of the contract and which is cash settled. Currency Futures
contract is a standardised, exchange-traded contract, to buy or sell a certain underlying currency at a certain date
in the future, at a specified price. The amount of contingent liability represents the notional principal of respective
derivative contracts. With respect to the transactions entered into with its customers, the Bank generally enters
into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher number of outstanding
transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.

As a part of its banking activities, the Bank issues guarantees on behalf of its customers to enhance their credit
standing. Guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will make payments in the event of the
customer failing to fulfil its financial or performance obligations. These are stated net of cash margin held with the
Bank as on the reporting date in Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities of the Balance Sheet.

These include documentary credit issued by the Bank on behalf of its customers and bills drawn by the Bank s
customers that are accepted or endorsed by the Bank. These are stated net of cash margin held with the Bank as
on the reporting date in Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities of the Balance Sheet.

Other items represent outstanding amount of bills rediscounted by the Bank, estimated amount of contracts
remaining to be executed on capital account, notional principal on account of outstanding Tom/Spot foreign
exchange contracts, contracts for purchase of investments where settlement is due post balance sheet date, deed
of indemnity issued to liquidator of overseas subsidiary, contingent liability relating to undertakings issued towards
settlements under resolution plan in respect of non-performing assets, commitments towards underwriting and
investment in equity through bids under Initial Public Offering (IPO) of corporates, commitment for investment in
Associate entity and amount transferred to Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEAF).

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai
The Bank has a process whereby periodically all long term contracts (including derivative contracts) are assessed for material
foreseeable losses. At the year end, the Bank has reviewed and recorded adequate provision as required under any law/
accounting standards for material foreseeable losses on such long term contracts (including derivative contracts) in the
books of account and disclosed the same under the relevant notes in the financial statements, where applicable.
3.
Previous year figures have been regrouped and reclassified, where necessary to conform to current year s presentation.

Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor s Report
To
Report on the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
1.
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of Axis Bank Limited ( the Holding Company
or the Bank ), its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the Group ), and its
associate, which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, and the Consolidated Profit and Loss
Account, and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended on that date, and notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, including a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information ( the
Consolidated Financial Statements ).
2.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the
consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements and the other financial information
of such subsidiaries and associate, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give the information required by
the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, as well as the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and circulars and guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ), in the manner so required for banking companies and give a true and fair view in
conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2021 ( AS ) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the Consolidated State of
Affairs of the Group and its associate at 31 March 2026, and its Consolidated Profit, and its Consolidated Cash Flow for
the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
3.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing ( SAs ) specified under section 143(10) of
the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and its associate in
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) together with
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements under the provisions
of the Act, and the rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained along with the consideration
of audit reports of the other auditors referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
4.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matters described below to be the Key Audit Matters:
Key Audit Matter
1.
As the Bank operates on core banking solution
across its branches and asset centres, the reliability
and security of Information Technology ( IT )
systems plays a key role in the business operations.
Since large volume of transactions are processed
daily, the IT controls are required to ensure that
applications process data as expected and that
changes are made in an appropriate manner.
In assessing the controls over the IT systems of the Bank, we involved
our technology specialists to understand the IT control environment, IT
infrastructure and IT systems.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Key Audit Matter
1.

IT infrastructure is critical
for smooth
functioning and accurate accounting and
financial reporting process.

Due to the pervasive nature and complexity of
the IT environment, we have ascertained key
IT systems used in financial reporting process
and its related controls as a key audit matter.
We conducted an assessment and identified key IT systems that are
critical for accounting and financial reporting process and are relevant for
our audit and tested their internal controls. In particular:

We obtained an understanding of the Bank s IT control environment
and key changes during the audit period that may be relevant to the
audit;

We tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness
of the Bank s General IT controls over the key IT systems that
are critical to accounting and financial reporting. This included
evaluation of Bank s controls for user access management, program
change management, database management, network operations,
incident management and other IT operations performed by the
Bank during the period of audit;

We tested key automated and manual business cycle controls and
logic for system generated reports relevant to the audit; and

We also tested compensating controls and performed alternate
procedures to assess whether there were any unaddressed IT risks
that would materially impact the financial statements.
2.
Income Recognition, Asset Classification and provisioning on Advances (IRAC) as per the regulatory requirements.
Total Loans and Advances (Net of Provision) as at 31 March 2026: INR 12,33,569.88 crore
Provision for NPAs as at 31 March 2026: INR 10,677.32 crore
Refer Schedule 9, Schedule 17(4.3) and Schedule 18(1) - Note 1.4 of the Standalone Financial Statements

The Bank is required to comply with the
Master Circular issued by the Reserve Bank
of India ( RBI ) on Prudential Norms for
Income
Recognition,
Asset
Classification
and Provisioning pertaining to Advances
(the IRAC norms ) and amendments thereto
( RBI
guidelines )
which
prescribes
norms for identification and classification of
Non-performing Assets ( NPAs ) and the
minimum provision required for such assets.

The Bank is also required to apply its judgement
to determine the identification and provision
required against NPAs considering various
quantitative as well as qualitative factors.

As the identification of and provisioning
against NPAs requires considerable level of
management estimation, application of various
regulatory requirements and its significance
to the overall audit due to stakeholder and
regulatory focus, we have identified this as a
key audit matter.
Our audit approach included testing the design, operating effectiveness
of internal controls and substantive audit procedures in respect of income
recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances.
In particular

We have evaluated and understood the Bank s internal control
system in adhering to the RBI guidelines;

We have analysed and understood key IT systems/ applications
used and tested the design and implementation and operational
effectiveness of relevant controls in relation to income recognition,
asset classification, viz., standard, sub-standard, doubtful and loss
with reference to RBI guidelines and provisioning pertaining to
advances; and

We test checked advances to examine the validity and accuracy of
the recorded amounts, provision for NPAs, and compliance with
IRAC norms of RBI.

Assessed appropriateness & the adequacy of disclosures as per RBI
guidelines relating to NPAs.

Consolidated Financial Statements

The auditors of Axis Securities Limited, vide their audit report dated 13 April 2026, have expressed an unmodified
opinion on the financial statements. Based on consideration of their report, the following Key Audit Matter was included
in their audit report.
Key Audit Matter
1.
The Company s key financial accounting and
reporting processes are highly dependent on
the automated controls over the Company s
information system, such that there exists a
risk that gaps in the Information Technology
General Control environment could result in a
misstatement in the financial accounting and
reporting records.
Accordingly, we have considered user access
management, segregation of duties and
control over system change over key financial
accounting and reporting systems, as a key
audit matter.
Our Audit Approach
With the assistance of our IT Specialists, we obtained an understanding of the
Company s IT Applications, databases and operating systems relevant to the
financial reporting and the control environment.
Our audit approach was combination of test of internal controls and substantive
procedures on the areas of the IT infrastructure, which majorly focused access
security (including controls over privileged access), program change controls,
database management and network operations.
In particular, our activity included the following:
General IT controls design, observation and operation

Understood the changes made in the IT environment during the year and
ascertained its effect on the financial statements controls and accounts.

Tested key controls operating over the information technology in relation
to financial accounting and reporting systems, including system access
and system change management, program development and computer
operations.
User access controls operation:

Obtained management s evaluation of the access rights granted to
applications relevant to financial accounting and reporting systems and
tested resolution of a sample of expectations.

Further, we assessed the operating effectiveness of controls over granting,
removal and appropriateness of access rights.
Application controls

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of automated controls
critical to financial accounting and reporting.

For any identified deficiencies, tested the design and operating
effectiveness of compensating controls and, where necessary, extended
the scope of our substantive audit procedures.

Our tests also included testing of the compensating controls or alternate
procedures to assess whether there were any unaddressed IT risks that
would materiality impact the Financial Statements.

Considered the reports for certain applications on test check basis, as
issued by the professional consultants with respect to VAPT testing done
on such applications.

Considered the reports issued by the professional consultants with respect
to Information Systems (IS) Audit and IT Infrastructure of the Company
and of certain applications at group level relevant for the Company.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The auditors of Axis Finance Limited, vide their audit report dated 17 April 2026, have expressed an unmodified opinion
on the financial statements. Based on consideration of their report, the following Key Audit Matter was included in
their audit report.
Key Audit Matter
1.
The Company s key financial accounting and
reporting processes are highly dependent on
the automated controls over the Company s
information system, such that there exists a
risk that gaps in the Information Technology
General Control environment could result in
a misstatement in the financial accounting
and reporting records. Proper IT general and
application controls are essential to ensure
accurate, complete and consistent data
processing for reliable financial reporting.
Accordingly, we have considered user access
management, segregation of duties and
control over system change over key financial
accounting and reporting systems, as a key
audit matter.
Our Audit Approach
With the assistance of our IT Specialists, we obtained an understanding of the
Company s IT Applications, databases and operating systems relevant to the
financial reporting and the control environment.
Our audit approach was combination of test of internal controls and substantive
procedures on the areas of the IT infrastructure, which majorly focused access
security (including controls over privileged access), program change controls,
database management and network operations.
In particular, our activity included the following:
General IT controls design, observation and operation:

Understood the changes made in the IT environment during the year and
ascertained its effect on the financial statements controls and accounts.

Tested key controls operating over the information technology in relation
to financial accounting and reporting systems, including system access
and system change management, program development and computer
operations.
User access controls operation:

Obtained management s evaluation of the access rights granted to
applications relevant to financial accounting and reporting systems and
tested resolution of a sample of expectations.

Further, we assessed the operating effectiveness of controls over granting,
removal and appropriateness of access rights.
Application controls

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of automated controls
critical to financial accounting and reporting.

For any identified deficiencies, tested the design and operating
effectiveness of compensating controls and, where necessary, extended
the scope of our substantive audit procedures.

Our tests also included testing of the compensating controls or alternate
procedures to assess whether there were any unaddressed IT risks that
would materiality impact the Financial Statements.
Other Information
5.
The Bank s Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The Other Information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report but does not include the Consolidated Financial Statements and our Auditors
Report thereon. The Other Information is expected to be made available to us after the date of this Auditors Report.
6.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
7.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above when IT becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated.

Consolidated Financial Statements
8.
When we read the other information, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required
to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate action as applicable under the
relevant laws and regulations.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
9.
The Bank s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
Consolidated Financial Statements in term of the requirements of the Act, that give a true and fair view of the
Consolidated State of Affairs, Consolidated Profit and Consolidated Cash Flows of the Group in accordance with the
Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules,
2021, and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and provisions of section 29 of the Banking Regulation
Act, 1949 and circulars and guidelines issued by the RBI from time to time ( RBI Guidelines ). The respective Board of
Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate are responsible for maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the RBI Guidelines for safeguarding of the assets of
the Group of its associates and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection of the appropriate
accounting software for ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations including those related to retention
of audit logs; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the
Consolidated Financial Statements by the Management and directors of the Bank, as aforesaid.
10. In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the respective Management and the Board of Directors of the
companies included in the Group and of its associate are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the Management and the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
11. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate are responsible for
overseeing the financial reporting process of the respective companies included in the Group and associate.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
12. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
13. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

13.1. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

13.2. Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the
Bank has adequate internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.

13.3. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the Management.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

13.4. Conclude on the appropriateness of Management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the ability of the Group and its associates to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
we are required to draw attention in our auditor s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
to the date of our auditor s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and its associate to cease to
continue as a going concern.

13.5. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.

13.6. Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group and its associate to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We are responsible for the
direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
14. We communicate with those charged with governance of the Bank regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.
15. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
16. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
17. We did not audit the Financial Statements of nine subsidiaries and two stepdown subsidiaries, whose financial statements
reflect total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of `65,903.06 crore as at 31 March 2026, total revenues (before
consolidation adjustments) of `9,608.77 crore, total net profit after tax (before consolidation adjustments) of `2,051.19
crore and net cash inflows (before consolidation adjustments) amounting to `320.88 crore for the year ended on that
date, as considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These financial statements have been audited by other
auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, and our
report in terms of section 143(3) of the Act, in so far as IT relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, is based solely on the
reports of the other auditors. Further, of these subsidiaries, one subsidiary is located outside India whose financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in that country and
which has been audited by its auditors under generally accepted auditing standards applicable in that country. The
Parent s management has converted the financial statements of such subsidiary from generally accepted accounting
principles applicable in that country to generally accepted accounting principles applicable in India. Our audit report in
so far as IT relates to the balances and affairs of such subsidiary located outside India, is based on the report of other
auditor. According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, the financial statements of this
subsidiary are not material to the Group. Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.
18. We did not audit the financial statements of one subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets (before
consolidation adjustments) of `10.86 crore as at 31 March 2026, total revenues (before consolidation adjustments) of
`0.16 crore, total net profit after tax (before consolidation adjustments) of `0.98 crore and net cash flows amounting
(before consolidation adjustments) to `2.54 crore for the year ended on that date, as considered in the Consolidated

Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Statements. These financial statements are unaudited and have been furnished to us by the Board of Directors
and our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts and disclosures included
in respect of this subsidiary, and our report in terms of section 143(3) of the Act in so far as IT relates to the aforesaid
subsidiary, is based solely on such unaudited financial statements. This subsidiary is located outside India, whose
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in its country.
The Parent s management has converted the financial results of such subsidiary from generally accepted accounting
principles applicable in its country to generally accepted accounting principles applicable in India. According to the
information and explanations given to us by the management, the financial statements of this subsidiary are not material
to the Group. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
19. The Consolidated Financial Statements also include the Group s share of net profit of `54.09 crore for the year
ended 31 March 2026, as considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements, in respect of one associate based on
management s best estimate in the absence of the financial information which has been relied upon by us. According
to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, the financial information of the associate is not
material to the group.
20. Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
below, is not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of
the other auditors and the financial statements certified by the Management.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
21. In our opinion, the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Profit And Loss Account have been drawn up in
accordance with the provisions of section 29 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and section 133 of the Act.
22. Further, as required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of the reports of the
other auditors on separate financial statements and other financial information of the subsidiaries and associates, we
report, to the extent applicable, that:

22.1. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.

22.2. In our opinion, proper books of accounts as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial
Statements have been kept so far as IT appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors
except for the matters stated in paragraph 23.8 below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014 (as amended).

22.3. The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Profit and Loss account, and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
dealt with by this report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

22.4. In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act read with the relevant rules thereunder to the extent they are not inconsistent with the accounting
policies prescribed by the RBI.

22.5. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Bank as on 31 March 2026 taken on record
by the Board of Directors of the Bank and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies incorporated in
India, none of the directors of the Group companies incorporated in India are disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.

22.6. The observation relating to the maintenance of accounts and other matters connected therewith as stated in the paragraph
22.2 above on reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and paragraph 23.8 below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (as amended).

22.7. With respect to the adequacy of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bank,
its subsidiary companies incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report
in Annexure A .

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

22.8. In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us and based on reports of the statutory auditors
of such subsidiary companies incorporated in India which were not audited by us, except in case of an associate which
is unaudited, the remuneration paid during the current year by the subsidiaries incorporated in India to its directors is in
accordance with the provisions of and the limits laid down under section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any
director by the subsidiary companies incorporated in India is not in excess of limit laid down under section 197 of the Act.
Further, since the Bank is a banking company, as defined under Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the reporting under section
197(16) in relation to whether the remuneration paid by the Bank is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the
Act and whether any excess remuneration has been paid in accordance with the aforesaid section, is not applicable.
23. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditor s) Rules, 2014 (as amended), in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to
the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of audit reports of other auditors on separate financial
statements of such subsidiaries as noted in the Other Matters paragraph:

23.1. The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March 2026 on
the consolidated financial position of the Group, its associate - Refer Schedule 12 to the consolidated
financial statements.

23.2. Provision has been made in the Consolidated Financial Statements, as required under the applicable law or
accounting standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative
contracts - Refer Schedule 5 and 12 read with Note No. 1.18 of Schedule 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in respect of such items as IT relates to the Group, its associate and the Group s share of net profit in
respect of its associate.

23.3. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education
and Protection Fund by the Bank and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India during the year ended
31 March 2026.

23.4. The respective managements of the Bank and its subsidiaries in India whose financial statements have been
audited under the Act have represented to us and the other auditors of such subsidiaries respectively, to best of
their knowledge and belief, that no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds
or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Bank or any of such subsidiaries to or in any other
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Bank or any of such subsidiaries ( Ultimate

23.5. The respective managements of the Bank and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited under the Act have represented to us and the other auditors of such
subsidiaries respectively, to best of their knowledge and belief, that no funds have been received by the Bank
or any of such subsidiaries from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Bank or any of such subsidiaries shall,
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

23.6. Based on such audit procedures, that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
performed by us and those performed by auditors of the subsidiaries incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our or other auditor s notice that has caused
us or other auditors to believe that the representation under sub clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under
para 23.4 and 23.5 above, contain any material misstatement.

23.7. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the dividend declared and / or paid
during the year by the Bank is in compliance with Section 123 of the Act.

Consolidated Financial Statements

23.8. Based on our examination, which included test checks, and that performed by the respective auditors of the
subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited under the
Act, except in case of an associate which is unaudited, the Bank and its subsidiaries have used various accounting
software for maintaining its books of account which have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility
and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during the course of our audit, we and respective auditors of the above referred subsidiaries did not come across
any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with.

Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Bank and above referred subsidiaries as per the statutory
requirements for record retention except in case of 1 subsidiary where the respective Component auditors has
reported that for the periods of previous financial year the audit trail feature was not enabled for certain software.
For M M NISSIM & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 107122W/W100672
For KKC & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
(formerly Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP)
Firm Registration Number: 105146W/W100621
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 044577
UDIN: 26044577VVKATV8608
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026
Gautam Shah
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 117348
UDIN: 26117348EQKRFM7106
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure A to the Independent Auditors report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Axis Bank
Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 22.7 under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements under Clause
(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act )
Opinion
1.
In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of Axis Bank Limited as of and for the year
ended 31 March 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial
Statements of Axis Bank Limited ( Bank ) and its subsidiary companies which are companies incorporated in India,
as of that date.
2.
In our opinion, the Bank, and its subsidiary companies which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements and such
internal financial controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal controls over financial
reporting criteria established by the respective companies considering the essential components of such internal
controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( the Guidance Note ).
Management s responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
3.
The respective Board of Directors of the Bank, its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India,
are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements based on the internal controls over financial reporting criteria established by the respective companies
considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company s policies,
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor s responsibility
4.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Bank, its subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in India,
internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing ( SA ), prescribed under section 143(10)
of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. Those SAs and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to the
Consolidated Financial Statements were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all
material respects.
5.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal
financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of
internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of the internal controls based on
the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
6.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms
of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidated Financial Statements
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements
7.
A company s internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal financial
controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements includes those policies and procedures that

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company;

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements
8.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls
with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal
financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Other Matters
9.
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal
financial controls system with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements in so far as IT relates to nine
subsidiaries and one Stepdown Subsidiary, which are companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding
reports of the auditors of such subsidiaries.
For M M NISSIM & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 107122W/W100672
For KKC & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
(formerly Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP)
Firm Registration Number: 105146W/W100621
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 044577
UDIN: 26044577VVKATV8608
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026
Gautam Shah
Partner
ICAI Membership No.: 117348
UDIN: 26117348EQKRFM7106
Place: Mumbai
Date: 25 April, 2026

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As on 31 March, 2026
Schedule
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Capital and Liabilities
Capital
621.63
619.47
Employees Stock Options/Units Outstanding
1A
1,456.43
1,182.66
Reserves & Surplus
212,957.29
185,433.36
Minority Interest
2A
798.19
635.13
Deposits
1,333,791.44
1,170,920.89
Borrowings
280,510.62
220,686.75
Other Liabilities and Provisions
115,914.69
77,484.35
Total capital and liabilities
1,946,050.29
1,656,962.61
Assets
Cash and Balances with Reserve Bank of India
78,627.37
73,638.44
Balances with Banks and Money at Call and Short Notice
30,724.20
29,060.26
Investments
446,422.18
396,685.07
Advances
1,282,392.17
1,081,229.47
Fixed Assets
6,756.03
6,492.08
Other Assets
100,839.10
69,568.05
Goodwill on Consolidation
289.24
Total Assets
1,946,050.29
1,656,962.61
Contingent Liabilities
3,031,841.24
2,878,200.52
Bills for Collection
90,282.85
76,931.20
Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts
17 & 18
Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
Schedule
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Income
Interest earned
132,538.24
127,374.09
Other income
29,673.71
28,542.77
Total Income
162,211.95
155,916.86
Expenditure
Interest expended
74,074.99
71,036.31
Operating expenses
42,226.41
39,992.04
18 (1.1)
19,416.73
16,776.77
Total Expenditure
135,718.13
127,805.12
Net Profit For The Year
26,493.82
28,111.74
Share of earnings/(loss) in Associate
54.09
79.06
Consolidated net profit for the year before deducting minority interest
26,547.91
28,190.80
Minority interest
(163.06)
(135.69)
Consolidated Net Profit For The Year Attributable to Group
26,384.85
28,055.11
Brought forward consolidated profit/(loss) attributable to the Group
84,814.08
65,281.17
Amount Available For Appropriation/Transfers
111,198.93
93,336.28
Appropriations/Transfers
Transfer to Statutory Reserve
6,114.16
6,593.37
Transfer to Special Reserve
976.81
1,024.73
Transfer to General Reserve
4.07
2.16
Transfer to Capital Reserve
506.52
214.35
Transfer to Reserve Fund u/s 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934
162.40
130.50
Transfer to Reserve for Net Worth requirement
23.65
-
Transfer to Investment Fluctuation Reserve
136.00
248.00
Dividend paid during the year
18 (1.6)
310.14
309.09
Balance carried over to Consolidated Balance sheet
102,965.18
84,814.08
Total
111,198.93
93,336.28
Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value `2/- Per Share)
18 (1.4)
Basic (In `)
85.04
90.72
Diluted (In `)
84.48
90.18
Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to Accounts
17 & 18
Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the year Ended 31 March, 2026
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities

Net profit before taxes

32,130.41
36,586.47
Adjustments for

Depreciation and amortisation on fixed assets, intangibles and goodwill

1,892.93
1,766.97
Mark-to-Market (gain)/loss on investments

875.28
(700.52)
Amortisation of premium/discount on investments

930.92
651.60
Provision for Non Performing Assets (including bad debts)/restructured assets

13,350.18
11,643.69
Provision on standard assets and other contingencies

3856.56
349.86
Profit/(Loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)

-3.79
10.29
Employee stock options/units expense

483.38
430.54

53,515.87
50,738.90
Adjustments for

(Increase)/Decrease in investments

(8,199.98)
(13,441.73)
(Increase)/Decrease in advances

(214,445.20)
(93,762.98)
Increase /(Decrease) in deposits

162,870.54
103,818.49
(Increase)/Decrease in other assets

(29,455.57)
(5,449.90)
Increase/(Decrease) in other liabilities & provisions

34,013.91
10,628.91

(55,216.30)
1,792.79
Direct taxes paid
(6,936.28)
(8,148.01)
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities (i)+(ii)+(iii)
(A)
(8,636.71)
44,383.68
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities

Purchase of fixed assets

(2,210.00)
(2,445.54)
(Increase)/Decrease in Held to Maturity investments

(43,757.32)
(47,170.10)
Increase in investment in Associate

-
(1,612.00)
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

50.02
12.51
Net cash from/(used in) investing activities
(B)
(45,917.30)
(51,215.13)
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities

Proceeds from issue of subordinated debt, Additional Tier I instruments

-
Repayment of subordinated debt, Additional Tier I instruments

(852.75)
(826.45)
Increase/(Decrease) in borrowings (other than subordinated debt, Additional Tier I
instruments (net))
60,676.62
(6,686.35)
Proceeds from issue of share capital

2.16
Proceeds from share premium (net of share issue expenses)

678.72
683.68
Payment of dividend

(310.14)
(309.09)
Increase in minority interest

163.06
135.69
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities
(C)
60,357.67
(7,000.36)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Effect of exchange fluctuation translation reserve
(D)
849.21
37.33
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A)+(B)+(C)+(D)

6,652.87
(13,794.48)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

102,698.70
116,493.18

109,351.57
102,698.70
Notes to the Cash Flow Statement

1.
Cash and cash equivalents includes the following

Cash and Balances with Reserve Bank of India (Refer Schedule 6)

78,627.37
73,638.44

Balances with Banks and Money at Call and Short Notice (Refer Schedule 7)

30,724.20
29,060.26

109,351.57
102,698.70
2. Amount of Corporate Social Responsibility related expenses spent during the year
in cash `464.27 crores (previous year `324.26 crores)
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
As on 31 March, 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 1 - Capital
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Authorised Capital
4,250,000,000 (Previous year - 4,250,000,000) Equity Shares of `2/- each
850.00
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Capital
3,108,172,638 (Previous year - 3,097,369,066) Equity Shares of `2/- each fully paid-up
621.63
619.47
Schedule 1A - Employees Stock Options/Units Outstanding
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Opening Balance
1,182.66
894.49
483.38
430.53
Deductions during the year2
(209.61)
(142.36)
Closing Balance
1,456.43
1,182.66
1.
Represents cost of employee stock options/units recognised during the year
2.
Represents amount transferred to share premium on account of exercise of employee stock options/units and to General Reserve on lapse of
employee stock options
Schedule 2 - Reserves And Surplus
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Statutory Reserve
Opening Balance
33,259.07
26,665.70
6,114.16
6,593.37
-
Closing Balance
39,373.23
33,259.07
Capital Reserve
Opening Balance
4,143.97
3,929.62
506.52
214.35
-
Closing Balance
4,650.49
4,143.97
Share Premium Account
Opening Balance
53,358.07
52,540.00
885.79
818.10
Less: Share issue expenses
-
(0.03)
Closing Balance
54,243.86
53,358.07
Reserve Fund u/s 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934
Opening Balance
685.67
555.17
162.40
130.50
-
Closing Balance
848.07
685.67

Consolidated Financial Statements
As on 31 March, 2026
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Revenue and Other Reserves
(A)
Special Reserve
Opening Balance
3,443.05
2,418.32
976.81
1,024.73
-
Closing Balance
4,419.86
3,443.05
(B)
Investment Reserve Account
Opening balance
-
242.29
-
(242.29)
Closing Balance
-
(C)
General Reserve
Opening Balance
1,907.32
437.04
6.66
1,470.28
-
Closing Balance
1,913.98
1,907.32
(D)
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve [Refer Schedule 17 (4.7)]
Opening Balance
818.75
781.41
849.16
37.34
-
Closing Balance
1,667.91
818.75
(E)
Investment Fluctuation Reserve
Opening Balance
2,909.00
2,661.00
136.00
248.00
-
Closing Balance
3,045.00
2,909.00
(F)
Available for Sale (AFS) Reserve
Opening Balance
110.39
-
110.39
(301.00)
-
Closing Balance
(190.61)
110.39
(G)
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve
Opening Balance
(16.01)
-
12.68
-
(16.01)
Closing Balance
(3.33)
(16.01)
(H)
Reserve for Net Worth requirement1
Opening Balance
-
23.65
-
Closing Balance
23.65
-
Balance in Profit & Loss Account brought forward
102,965.18
84,814.08
Total
212,957.29
185,433.36
1.
For trusteeship business

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
As on 31 March, 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 2A - Minority Interest
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Minority Interest at the date on which the parent-subsidiary relationship came into existence
40.23
Subsequent increase
757.96
594.90
Closing Minority interest
798.19
635.13
Schedule 3 - Deposits
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Demand Deposits
From banks
5,357.79
4,184.17
From others
178,443.32
161,593.70
Savings Bank Deposits
344,136.01
311,389.33
Term Deposits
From banks
48,021.94
45,851.59
757,832.38
647,902.10
Total (I, II And III)1
1,333,791.44
1,170,920.89
Deposits of branches in India
1,297,860.62
1,140,897.26
Deposits of branches/subsidiaries outside India
35,930.82
30,023.63
Total (I And II)1
1,333,791.44
1,170,920.89
1.
Includes deposits under lien amounting to `137,683.71 crores (previous year `101,109.57 crores)
Schedule 4 - Borrowings
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Borrowings in India

Reserve Bank of India
-

Other banks1
23,442.22
16,285.19

(iii) Other institutions & agencies2
205,697.54
168,384.40

Borrowings outside India3
51,370.86
36,017.16

TOTAL (I and II)
280,510.62
220,686.75

Secured borrowings included in I & II above
36,889.17
28,805.17
1.
Borrowings from other banks include Subordinated Debt of `20.60 crores (previous year `129.10 crores) in the nature of Non-Convertible
Debentures [Also refer Schedule 18 (1.2)(b)]
2.
Borrowings from other institutions & agencies include Subordinated Debt of `23,979.49 crores (previous year `25,068.86 crores) in the
nature of Non-Convertible Debentures and Perpetual Debt amounting to `790.00 crores (previous year `640.00 crores)

[Also refer Schedule 18 (1.2)(b)]
3.
Borrowings outside india include Additional Tier I Bonds in the nature of Perpetual Debt amounting to $600 million (`5,690.10 crores);

{previous year $600 million (`5,128.50 crores)} [Also refer Schedule 18 (1.2)(b)]

Consolidated Financial Statements
As on 31 March, 2026
Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Bills payable
6,933.94
6,193.80
-
Interest accrued
6,618.52
3,810.98
General provision against standard assets
7,212.64
5,217.40
MTM loss on forex & derivative contracts
45,826.91
19,928.54
Provision for tax (net)
577.62
1,077.99
Deferred tax liabilities (net)
2.79
0.53
VIII. Others (including provisions) [Refer Schedule 18 (1.14)]
48,742.27
41,255.11

TOTAL
115,914.69
77,484.35
Schedule 6 - Cash and Balances with Reserve Bank of India
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Cash in hand (including foreign currency notes)
6,758.46
8,073.94
Balances with Reserve Bank of India

in Current Account
40,090.91
44,623.50

in Other Accounts (includes reverse repo under Liquidity Adjustment Facility)
31,778.00
20,941.00

TOTAL (I and II)
78,627.37
73,638.44
Schedule 7 - Balances with Banks and Money at Call and Short Notice
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
In India

Balance with Banks

in Current Accounts
164.05
102.82

(b) in Other Deposit Accounts
3,808.36
2,527.19

(ii) Money at Call and Short Notice

(a) With banks
-

(b) With other institutions
2,557.20
5,024.02

6,529.61
7,654.03

Outside India

in Current Accounts
2,847.23
4,545.43

(ii) in Other Deposit Accounts
10,156.83
11,954.53

(iii) Money at Call & Short Notice
11,190.53
4,906.27

24,194.59
21,406.23

GRAND TOTAL (I+II)
30,724.20
29,060.26

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
As on 31 March, 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Schedule 8 - Investments
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Investments in India in -

Government Securities1
350,443.18
293,400.66

-

(iii) Shares
2,300.73
2,745.67

(iv) Debentures and Bonds
51,122.85
73,723.01

(v) Associates2
2,677.59
2,623.51

(vi) Others
15,114.29
8,393.69

[include investments in Mutual Funds, Security Receipts, Alternative Investment Funds,
Venture Capital Funds, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts, Pass
Through Certificates and Private Equity Fund (LLP)]

Total Investments in India
421,658.64
380,886.54

Investments outside India in -

Government Securities (including local authorities)
24,186.54
15,435.27

(ii) Associates
-

(iii) Others (include Equity Shares and Bonds)
577.00
363.26

Total Investments outside India
24,763.54
15,798.53

GRAND TOTAL (I+II)
446,422.18
396,685.07
Investments in India
Gross value of investments
422,495.14
380,436.45
Aggregate of provisions for depreciation (includes provision for non-performing
investments)3
(836.50)
450.09
(iii) Net investments
421,658.64
380,886.54
Investments outside India
Gross value of investments
25,023.92
16,033.99
Aggregate of provisions for depreciation (includes provision for non-performing
investments)3
(260.38)
(235.46)
(iii) Net investments
24,763.54
15,798.53
GRAND TOTAL (III+IV)
446,422.18
396,685.07
1.
Includes securities of face value `1,25,648.67 crores (previous year `1,70,046.36 crores) pledged for availment of fund transfer facility,
clearing facility, repo contracts and margin requirements
2.
Includes goodwill on acquisition of Associate amounting to `1,596.73 crores (previous year `1,596.73 crores)
3.
Includes MTM gain/(loss) on investments
Schedule 9 - Advances
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
26,775.95
16,818.24

Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand1
365,713.26
327,319.22

Term loans
889,902.96
737,092.01

1,282,392.17
1,081,229.47

Consolidated Financial Statements
As on 31 March, 2026
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Secured by tangible assets2
939,177.46
791,209.33

Covered by Bank/Government Guarantees3
1,460.67
2,028.63

Unsecured
341,754.04
287,991.51

1,282,392.17
1,081,229.47

Advances in India

Priority Sector
443,143.48
384,558.93

Public Sector
12,915.15
12,080.58

(iii) Banks
12,148.09
15,744.40

(iv) Others
769,359.71
639,134.82

TOTAL (i, ii, iii and iv)
1,237,566.43
1,051,518.73

Advances Outside India

Due from banks
4,897.05
337.63

Due from others -

10,339.91
6,406.75

Syndicated loans
-

Others
29,588.78
22,966.36

44,825.74
29,710.74

GRAND TOTAL [C.I.+C.II.]
1,282,392.17
1,081,229.47
1.
Net of borrowings under Inter Bank Participation Certificate (IBPC) `18,287.86 crores (previous year `20,192.94 crores), includes lending
under IBPC `14,500 crores (previous year `1,350.00 crores)
2.
Includes advances against Book Debts
3.
Includes advances against L/Cs issued by other banks
Schedule 10 - Fixed Assets

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Premises

1,812.59

-

(324.68)
(299.99)

Net Block
1,487.91
1,512.60
IA.
Premises under construction
-
Other fixed assets (including furniture & fixtures and intangibles)

26,077.29
24,193.67

2,061.12
2,591.78

(1,675.74)
(708.16)

(21,637.34)
(21,395.58)

Net Block
4,825.33
4,681.71

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
As on 31 March, 2026
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
IIA.
Leased Assets (Premises given on lease)
209.60
Additions during the year including adjustments
-
Deductions during the year including provisions
-
(35.91)
(32.41)
Net Block
173.69
177.19
GRAND TOTAL (I,IA,II and IIA)
6,486.93
6,371.50
Capital-Work-in progress (including Leased Assets) net of Provisions
269.10
120.58

GRAND TOTAL (I,IA,II,IIA and III)
6,756.03
6,492.08
1.
Schedule 11 - Other Assets

As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
-
Interest Accrued
13,957.90
14,326.54
Tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net of provisions)
1,002.19
1,200.97
Stationery and stamps
2.98
3.46
Non banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims1
-
Deferred Tax assets (net)
6,709.79
4,615.16
MTM gain on forex & derivative contracts
48,477.01
20,496.42
VIII. Others2
30,689.23
28,925.50

TOTAL
100,839.10
69,568.05
1.
Represents balance net of provision of `1,855.85 crores (previous year `1,855.85 crores) on Land held as non-banking asset
2.
Includes Priority Sector Shortfall Deposits of `8,689.52 crores (previous year `14,450.47 crores)
Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities
As on
31-03-2026
As on
31-03-2025
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts
2,199.84
1,766.98
257.65
280.63
Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts1
1,421,101.69
1,256,588.46
Liability on account of outstanding derivative contracts1
1,267,664.67
1,369,593.38

In India
145,290.19
121,698.90

Outside India
23,426.93
19,490.11
71,093.46
55,341.43
Other items for which the Group is contingently liable
100,806.81
53,440.63

TOTAL [Refer Schedule 18 (1.18)]
3,031,841.24
2,878,200.52
1.
Represents notional amount

Consolidated Financial Statements
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
Schedule 13 - Interest Earned
Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Interest/discount on advances/bills
104,657.82
101,582.06
Income on investments (including dividend)
25,443.75
23,057.01
Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and other inter-bank funds
1,273.50
1,243.23
Others
1,163.17
1,491.79
TOTAL
132,538.24
127,374.09
Schedule 14 - Other Income

Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Commission, exchange and brokerage
25,935.33
23,787.78
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)1
3.79
(10.29)
Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)
2,545.75
2,164.88
Profit/(loss) on sale of investments (net)
1,738.70
1,344.70
Profit/(loss) on revaluation of investments (net)
(875.27)
700.52
Lease finance income (including management fee, overdue charges and interest on lease
rent receivables)
-
Miscellaneous Income
325.41
555.18

TOTAL
29,673.71
28,542.77
1.
includes provision for diminution in value of fixed assets
Schedule 15 - Interest Expended

Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
56,481.10
53,837.24
Interest on Reserve Bank of India/Inter-bank borrowings
1,580.32
2,055.96
Others
16,013.57
15,143.11

TOTAL
74,074.99
71,036.31
Schedule 16 - Operating Expenses

Year ended
31-03-2026
Year ended
31-03-2025
Payments to and provisions for employees
14,006.05
13,661.28
Rent, taxes and lighting
2,206.20
2,090.16
Printing and stationery
242.47
373.82
Advertisement and publicity
164.64
175.40
Depreciation on Group s property
Other than Leased Assets
1,889.45
1,763.48
On Leased Assets
3.49
Directors fees, allowance and expenses
13.38
11.84
Auditors fees and expenses
8.27
7.42
VIII. Law charges
234.51
212.92
IX.
Postage, telegrams, telephones etc.
420.12
467.50
X.
Repairs and maintenance
2,713.84
2,329.69
XI.
Insurance
1,996.95
1,794.96
XII.
Other expenditure
18,327.04
17,100.08

TOTAL
42,226.41
39,992.04
1.
Includes commission paid to direct selling agents, charges paid to network partners, cashback expenses, fees paid for purchase of Priority
Sector Lending Certificates, professional fees, technology expenses, business promotion expenses and miscellaneous expenses

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1.
Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Axis Bank Limited ( the Bank ), its Subsidiaries
and Associate (together the Group ). As on 31 March, 2026, the Bank has overseas branches at Singapore, DIFC - Dubai
and an Offshore Banking Unit at the International Financial Service Centre (IFSC), Gujarat International Finance Tec-
City (GIFT City), Gandhinagar, India.

The Bank consolidates its Subsidiaries in accordance with Accounting Standard ( AS ) 21, Consolidated Financial
Statements notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts)
Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021 on a line-by-line basis by adding together the
like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenditure. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions are
eliminated on consolidation.

Investment in entities where the Bank has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity
method of accounting as prescribed under Accounting Standard (AS) 23 Accounting for investments in Associates in
Consolidated Financial Statements and the pro-rata share of their profit/(loss) is included in the consolidated Profit
and Loss account.
2.
Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared and presented under the historical cost convention on
the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India ( GAAP ),
unless otherwise stated by the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ), to comply with the statutory requirements prescribed
under the Third Schedule of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the circulars, notifications, guidelines and directives
issued by the RBI from time to time and the Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies
Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting Standards)
Rules, 2021 to the extent applicable and practices generally prevalent in the banking industry in India. Accounting
policies applied have been consistent with the previous year except otherwise stated.

The consolidated financial statements present the accounts of the Bank including the following entities:
Name
Relation
Country of
Incorporation
Ownership
Interest
Subsidiary
India
100.00%
Subsidiary
India
100.00%
Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Ltd.
Subsidiary
India
75.00%
Subsidiary
India
75.00%
Subsidiary
India
100.00%
Axis Securities Ltd.
Subsidiary
India
100.00%
Subsidiary
India
100.00%
Subsidiary
India
67.00%
Axis U.K. Ltd. (formerly Axis Bank UK Ltd.)
Subsidiary
U.K.
100.00%
Freecharge Business and Technology Services Ltd.
Subsidiary
India
100.00%
Axis Capital USA LLC
Step down subsidiary
USA
100.00%
Axis Pension Fund Management Ltd.
Step down subsidiary
India
47.27%
Axis Max Life Insurance Ltd. (formerly Max Life Insurance
Company Ltd.)
Associate
India
19.02%

The financial statements of certain subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with notified Indian Accounting
Standards ( Ind-AS ). The financial statements of such subsidiaries used for consolidation are special purpose
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP specified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013
read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021.

The audited financial statements of the above subsidiaries/step-down subsidiaries (except for Axis U.K. Ltd.) have
been drawn up to the same reporting date as that of the Bank, i.e. 31 March, 2026.
17. Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

The financial statements (unaudited) of the Bank s foreign subsidiary, Axis U.K. Limited ( the Company ) are
prepared in accordance with UK adopted international accounting standards which have been converted to
Indian GAAP for the purpose of consolidated financial statements of the Group. Considering that the Company
is currently under liquidation, the financial statements of the Company have been prepared on a basis other than
that of a going concern. Basis the size and scale of operations of the Company, the impact of the above is not
material on the financial statements/position of the Group.

On 17 July, 2024, the Board of Directors of Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (FPTPL) approved
a Scheme of Demerger ( the Scheme ). The Scheme involves the transfer of the Business Correspondence (BC)
and Technology Service Provision (TSP) business from FPTPL to Freecharge Business and Technology Services
Limited (FBTSL), both wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bank. As part of this process, a joint petition was filed with
the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) Chandigarh bench on 31 July, 2024, under Section 230-232 of the
Companies Act, 2013, seeking approval for the Scheme. The NCLT approved the Scheme on 10 December, 2025.
Consequently, the BC and TSP business have been transferred and vested in FBTSL effective 1 January, 2026,
with the appointed date being 1 July, 2024, as per the Scheme. FPTPL has completed the necessary filings with
the Registrar of Companies in accordance with the NCLT order. This transaction has no impact on the consolidated
financial results for the year ended 31 March, 2026.

The Group s share of net profit after tax for the year ended 31 March, 2026 as included in the consolidated
financial statements in respect of the Associate entity is based on management s best estimate in the absence of
financial information of such Associate.
3.
Use of estimates

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with the generally accepted accounting
principles requires the Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) at the date of the financial statements, revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Management believes that the estimates and
assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Any revisions, as and when
carried out, to the accounting estimates are recognised prospectively in the current and future periods.
4.
Significant accounting policies
4.1. Investments

Classification

In accordance with the RBI guidelines, investments (except investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates)
are classified at the time of acquisition as:

Held to Maturity ( HTM );

Available for Sale ( AFS ) and

Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) with Held for Trading (HFT) as a separate investment
subcategory within FVTPL.

Classification of Investments in the Balance sheet

For disclosure in the Balance Sheet, investments in India are classified under six categories - Government Securities,
Other Approved Securities, Shares, Debentures and Bonds, Investment in Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures/Associates and
Others. Investments made outside India are classified under three categories - Government Securities, Subsidiaries
and/or Joint Ventures abroad and Others.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

All investments are accounted for on settlement date, except investments in equity shares which are accounted
for on trade date.

Held to Maturity ( HTM )

The Bank classifies investments as HTM, if both of the following conditions are met:

The investment is acquired with the intention and objective of holding IT to maturity, i.e., the financial assets
are held with an objective to collect the contractual cash flows; and

The contractual terms of the investment give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on principal outstanding ( SPPI criterion ) on specified dates.

Available for Sale ( AFS )

The Bank classifies investments as AFS, if both the following conditions are met:

The investment is acquired with an objective which is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling securities; and

The contractual terms of the investment give rise to cash flows that meet SPPI criterion on specified dates.

The Bank, upon initial recognition, may make an irrevocable election to classify an equity instrument as an AFS
that is not held with the objective of trading.

Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)

The investments that are not classified as HTM or AFS are classified as FVTPL. The Bank classifies investments in
FVTPL category as either FVTPL-Held for Trading ( HFT ) or FVTPL Non-HFT. Any investment held by the Bank
for one or more of the following purposes is, when IT is first recognised on its books, designated as a FVTPL HFT:

short-term resale;

profiting from short-term price movements;

locking in arbitrage profits; or

hedging risks that arise from instruments meeting all of the above

Investments in listed equities, trading-related repo-style transactions, instruments resulting from market-making
activities, equity investments in a fund are included in FVTPL HFT category. Investments in unlisted equities are
included in FVTPL Non-HFT category.

All other investments forming part of FVTPL category are classified as FVTPL Non-HFT.

Investments in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

All investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures held by Bank are classified under this category separately
from the aforesaid investment categories.

Initial recognition

The Bank measures all investments at fair value on initial recognition. Unless facts and circumstances suggest that the
fair value is materially different from the acquisition cost, IT is presumed that the acquisition cost is the fair value. Any
discount or premium on the investments under HTM category is amortised over the remaining life of the instrument on
a constant yield basis.

Acquisition cost

Costs incurred at the time of acquisition, pertaining to investments, such as brokerage, commission etc. are
charged to the Profit and Loss Account. Broken period interest is charged to the Profit and Loss Account. Cost of
investments is computed based on the weighted average cost method.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Day 1 gain/loss

Day 1 Gain/loss is the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and acquisition cost.

Any Day 1 gain/loss arising on quoted investments is recognized in the Profit and Loss Account. Any Day 1 loss
arising from Level 3 investments is recognised immediately. Any Day 1 gains arising from Level 3 investments is
deferred. In the case of debt instruments, the Day 1 gain is amortized on a straight-line basis up to the maturity
date (or earliest call date for perpetual instruments), while for unquoted equity instruments, the gain is set aside as
a liability until the security is listed or derecognised.

Subsequent measurement

Investments classified under the HTM category

Investments held in HTM category are carried at cost and are not Mark-to-Market (MTM) after initial
recognition. The amortised amount is reflected under item II Income on Investments of Schedule 13: Interest
Earned with a contra in Schedule 8: Investments .

Realised gains on sale of investments in HTM category are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account and
subsequently appropriated to the Capital Reserve Account (net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserves) in
accordance with the RBI guidelines. Realised losses are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Investments classified under AFS category

Investments held in AFS category are fair valued. Any discount or premium on the acquisition of debt
securities under AFS is amortised over the remaining life of the instrument on a constant yield basis. The
amortised amount is reflected in the financial statements under item II Income on Investments of Schedule
13: Interest Earned with a contra in Schedule 8: Investments .

The net valuation gains and losses across all performing investments under AFS is aggregated and the net
appreciation or depreciation (net of tax) is directly credited or debited to the AFS Reserve without routing
through the Profit & Loss Account.

The AFS-Reserve is reckoned as Common Equity Tier (CET) 1 capital but not available for distribution of
dividend and coupon on Additional Tier I instruments

On sale or maturity of a debt instrument in AFS category, the accumulated gain/ loss for that security in the
AFS Reserve is transferred from the AFS Reserve and recognized in the Profit and Loss Account.

In the case of equity instruments designated under AFS at the time of initial recognition, any gain or loss
on sale of such investments is transferred from AFS Reserve to Capital Reserve in accordance with the RBI
Investment Direction, 2023.

Investments classified under FVTPL category

Investments held under FVTPL category are fair valued and the net gain or loss arising on such valuation is
directly credited or debited to the Profit and Loss Account.

Any discount or premium on the debt securities under FVTPL category is amortised over the remaining life
of the instrument. The amortised amount is reflected in the financial statements under item II Income on
Investments of Schedule 13: Interest Earned with a contra in Schedule 8: Investments .

Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures

The Bank measures all the investments (i.e., including debt and equity) in associates and joint ventures at
acquisition cost.

Any discount or premium on the acquisition of debt securities of associates and joint ventures is amortised
over the remaining life of the instrument. The amortised amount is reflected in the financial statements under
item II Income on Investments of Schedule 13: Interest Earned .

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Valuation

The Bank determines the fair values of its investments according to the following hierarchy:

Level 1: Valuation based on quoted market price: These investments are valued with quoted prices (unadjusted) for
identical instruments in active markets that the Bank can access at the measurement date.

Level 2: Valuation based on using observable inputs: These investments are valued with inputs other than quoted prices
included within Level 1, that are observable, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3: Valuation technique with significant unobservable inputs: These investments are valued using valuation
techniques where one or more significant inputs are unobservable.

The fair value of various types of instruments is determined as per the valuation norms laid down in RBI
guidelines, as follows:

The fair value of quoted investments (other than discounted instruments) included in the AFS and FVTPL
categories is considered as available from the trades/quotes on the stock exchanges or prices, yield and spread
matrix declared by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association of India ( FIMMDA )/Financial
Benchmark India Private Limited ( FBIL ), periodically.

Treasury Bills, Exchange Funded Bills, Commercial Paper and Certificate of Deposits being discounted instruments,
are valued at carrying cost which includes discount accreted over the period to maturity.

Units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/Net Asset Value ( NAV ) declared by the mutual fund.

Units of Venture Capital Funds ( VCF ) and Unquoted Alternative Investment Fund (AIFs) are valued at Net Asset
Value (NAV) declared by the funds. Where an AIF fails to carry out and disclose the valuation of its investments by
an independent valuer as per the frequency mandated by SEBI (Alternative Investment Fund) Regulations, 2012
the value of its units is treated as Re. 1. In case AIF is not registered under SEBI (Alternative Investment Fund)
Regulations, 2012 and the latest disclosed valuation of its investments by an independent valuer precedes the date
of valuation by more than 18 months, the value of its units is treated as Re. 1.

Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures category are assessed for impairment to determine permanent
diminution, if any, in accordance with the RBI guidelines and suitable provisions are made.

The fair value of investments where current quotations are not available, is determined in accordance with the
norms prescribed by the RBI/FIMMDA/FBIL as under:

The fair value of unquoted government securities which are in the nature of Statutory Liquidity Ratio ( SLR )
securities forming part of AFS, FVTPL-HFT and FVTPL Non-HFT categories are computed as per the rates
published by FIMMDA/FBIL.

In case of special bonds issued by the Government of India that do not qualify for SLR purposes, unquoted
bonds, debentures and preference shares where interest/dividend is received regularly (i.e. not overdue
beyond 90 days), the market price is derived based on the Yield to Maturity ( YTM ) for such securities as
published by FIMMDA/FBIL and suitably marked up for credit risk applicable to the credit rating of the
instrument. The matrix for credit risk mark-up for each category and credit ratings along with residual maturity
issued by FIMMDA/FBIL is adopted for this purpose.

In case of bonds & debentures where interest is not received regularly (i.e. overdue beyond 90 days), the
valuation is in accordance with prudential norms for provisioning as prescribed by the RBI.

Pass Through Certificates (PTCs) are valued based on yields published by FIMMDA, suitably adjusted
downwards for the quality and characteristics of the underlying pool of assets in the PTCs.

Equity shares, for which current quotations are not available or where the shares are not quoted on the
stock exchanges, are valued at break-up value (without considering revaluation reserves, if any) which is
ascertained from the company s latest Balance Sheet (not older than 18 months). In case the latest Balance
Sheet is not available, the shares are valued at Re. 1 per company.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Valuation of investments in private equity funds and limited liability partnership funds is based on valuation
of their underlying exposures.

Investments in listed instruments of Real Estate Investment Trust ( REIT )/Infrastructure Investment Trust
( INVIT ) are valued at the closing price on the recognised stock exchange. In case the instruments are not
traded on any stock exchange for a period of 30 days, valuation is carried out based on lower of the latest
NAV (not older than 1 year) submitted by the trust or last available traded price.

Investments in Government guaranteed Security Receipts ( SRs ) are valued periodically by reckoning the
Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the Asset Reconstruction Company ( ARC ) based on the recovery ratings
received for such instruments. Any Government guaranteed SRs outstanding after the final settlement of the
Government guarantee or the expiry of the guarantee period, whichever is earlier, are valued at one rupee (`1).

Investments in other SRs are valued as per the NAV declared by the issuing ARC or net book value of loans
transferred or estimated recoverable value based on Bank s internal assessment on case to case basis,
whichever is lower. Investments in such Security Receipts where original maturity period has expired are
valued at one rupee (`1). In case of investments in SRs which are backed by more than 10 percent of the
stressed assets sold by the Bank, the valuation of such SRs is additionally subject to a floor of face value
of the SRs reduced by the provisioning rate as per the extant asset classification and provisioning norms as
applicable to the underlying loans, assuming that the loan notionally continued in the books of the Bank.

Investment asset classification and provisioning

Investments under HTM, AFS and FVTPL category are subjected to income recognition, asset classification and
provisioning norms of RBI. Non-performing Investments (NPIs) are identified and provision is made thereon in the
Profit and Loss account, as per the RBI guidelines. Once an investment become NPI, the Bank segregates IT from rest of
the portfolio and does not consider IT for netting valuation gains and losses. A NPI investment is segregated from other
investments within the same category [i.e., HTM, AFS, or FVTPL] under which IT was classified at initial recognition.
Interest on NPIs is not recognized in the Profit and Loss Account until received. MTM appreciation in case of NPIs over
and above the book value is not recognized and ignored.

Reclassification between categories

Reclassification of investments between categories (viz. HTM, AFS and FVTPL) if any is carried out only after, prior
approval of Board of Directors and RBI and the same is accounted for in accordance with the RBI guidelines.

Short sales

In accordance with the RBI guidelines, the Bank undertakes short sale transactions in Central Government dated
securities. Such short positions are categorised under FVTPL category and netted off from investments in the Balance
Sheet. These positions are marked-to-market along with the other securities under FVTPL portfolio and the resultant
MTM gains/losses are accounted for as per the relevant RBI guidelines for valuation of investments.

Subsidiaries

Investments are initially recognised at cost which comprises purchase price and directly attributable acquisition charges
such as brokerage, fees and duties.

Investments which are readily realisable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on
which such investments are made, are classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as long
term investments.

Current investments are carried in the financial statements at lower of cost and fair value determined on an individual
investment basis. Any reduction in the carrying amount and any reversal of such reductions are charged or credited to
the Profit and Loss Account.

Long term investments are stated at cost. Provision is made to recognise a decline, other than temporary, in the value
of such investments.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

On disposal of an investment, the difference between IT s carrying amount and net disposal proceeds is charged or
credited to the Profit and Loss Account.
4.2 Repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions

Repurchase transactions ( Repos )

Repurchase transactions in Government securities and corporate debt securities including those conducted under the
Liquidity Adjustment Facility ( LAF ) and Marginal Standby Facility ( MSF ) with RBI are accounted for as collateralised
borrowings. Accordingly, securities given as collateral under an agreement to repurchase them, continue to be held
under the investment account and the Bank continues to accrue the coupon on the security during the repo period.
Borrowing cost on such repo transactions is accounted as interest expense in Schedule 15 - Interest Expended in the

Reverse repurchase transactions ( Reverse repos )

Reverse repurchase transactions with RBI with original maturity upto 14 days, including those conducted under the
Liquidity Adjustment Facility ( LAF ) and Standing Deposit Facility ( SDF ) are accounted for as collateralised lending
under Schedule 6 - Balances with RBI - in Other Accounts . Reverse repurchase transactions with banks and other
financial institutions with original maturity upto 14 days, are accounted for as collateralised lending under Schedule
7 - Balances with Banks and Money at call and short notice . Revenue on such reverse repos is accounted for as interest
income under Schedule 13 - Interest Earned - Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and Other Inter-bank
Funds in the Profit and Loss Account.

Reverse repos with original maturity of more than 14 days are accounted for as collateralised lending under Schedule
9 - Advances . Revenue on such reverse repos is accounted for as interest income under Schedule 13 - Interest Earned
- Interest/discount on advances/bills in the Profit and Loss account.
4.3. Advances

Classification and measurement of advances

net of bills rediscounted, inter-bank participation certificates, specific provisions made towards NPAs, interest in
suspense for NPAs, claims received from Export Credit Guarantee Corporation, provisions for funded interest on term
loans classified as NPAs and floating provisions. Structured collateralised foreign currency loans extended to customers
and deposits received from the same customer are reported on a net basis.

The Bank transfers advances through inter-bank participation with and without risk. In accordance with the RBI
guidelines, in the case of participation with risk, the aggregate amount of the participation issued by the Bank is
reduced from advances and where the Bank is participating, the aggregate amount of the participation is classified
under advances. In the case of participation without risk, the aggregate amount of participation issued by the Bank is
classified under borrowings and where the Bank is participating, the aggregate amount of participation is shown as due
from banks under advances.

Non-performing advances and provision on non-performing advances

NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by the RBI. Advances
held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than
record of recovery, but which are standard as per the RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount
outstanding in the host country. NPAs are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines.

Provisions for NPAs are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets at rates as prescribed by the RBI with the exception
of schematic retail advances, agriculture advances and advances to Commercial Banking segment. In respect of

Consolidated Financial Statements
schematic retail advances, provisions are made in terms of a bucket-wise policy upon reaching specified stages of
delinquency (90 days or more of delinquency) under each type of loan, which satisfies the RBI prudential norms on
provisioning. Provisions in respect of Commercial Banking segment advances and agriculture advances classified into
sub-standard and doubtful assets are made at rates which are higher than those prescribed by the RBI.

Provisions for advances booked in overseas branches, which are standard as per the RBI guidelines but are identified
as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery, are made as per the host
country regulations.

In case of NPAs referred to the National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016 ( IBC ) where resolution plan or liquidation order has been approved by NCLT, provision is maintained at higher of
the requirement under the RBI guidelines or the likely haircut as per resolution plan or liquidation order.

Loans reported as fraud are classified as loss assets, and fully provided for immediately without considering the
value of security.

Provision on restructured assets

Restructured assets including compromise settlements where the time for payment of the agreed settlement
amount exceeds three months are classified and provided for in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI
from time to time.

In respect of advances where resolution plan has been implemented under the RBI guidelines on Resolution Framework
for COVID 19-related Stress and Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) Sector - Restructuring of Advances ,
provisions are maintained as per the internal framework of the Bank at rates which are higher than those specified
under the extant RBI guidelines. Restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines.

Provisions held on restructured assets are reported in Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions in the Balance Sheet.

Write-offs and recoveries from written-off accounts

Write-offs are carried out in accordance with the Bank s policy.

Amounts recovered against debts written off are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account as a credit to Provision
and Contingencies.

Appropriation of funds for standard advances

In case of Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) based standard retail advances, funds received from customers are
appropriated in the order of principal, interest and charges. In case of other standard advances, funds received from
customers are appropriated in the order of charges, interest and principal.

Other provisions on advances classified under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions in the Balance Sheet

The Bank recognises additional provisions as per the RBI s guidelines on accounts in default and with aggregate
exposure above the threshold limits as laid down in the guidelines where the resolution plan is not implemented within
the specified timelines. These provisions are written back on satisfying the conditions for reversal as per RBI guidelines.

In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative or wilful defaulters the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per
the extant RBI guidelines.

In the case of one-time settlements with borrowers that are entered into but not closed as on the reporting date, the
Bank makes provisions which is the higher of (i) the provision required based on asset classification; and (ii) the amount
of contracted sacrifice, on a portfolio basis.

The Bank makes incremental provisioning (determined based on a time scale and on occurrence of predefined events)
on all outstanding advances and investments relating to borrowers tagged as Red Flagged Accounts ( RFA ).

For entities with Unhedged Foreign Currency Exposure ( UFCE ), provision is made in accordance with the guidelines
issued by the RBI, which requires ascertaining the amount of UFCE, estimating the extent of likely loss and estimating
the riskiness of the unhedged position. Further, incremental capital is maintained in respect of such borrower counter
parties in the highest risk category, in line with stipulations by the RBI.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Upto 31 December, 2025 the Bank maintained provisions for incremental exposure of the banking system to specified
borrowers beyond the Normally Permitted Lending Limit ( NPLL ) in proportion to the Bank s funded exposure to the
specified borrowers as per the RBI guidelines.

The Bank maintains a general provision on standard advances at the rates prescribed by the RBI. In respect of advances
to stressed sectors, such general provision is made at rates higher than the regulatory minimum as per the internal
policy of the Bank. The general provision on corporate standard advances internally rated BB and Below or Unrated
and all Special Mention Accounts-2 ( SMA-2 ) advances as reported to Central Repository of Information on Large
Credits ( CRILC ), is maintained at rates that are higher than those prescribed by RBI. In case of overseas branches,
general provision on standard advances is maintained at the higher of the levels stipulated by the respective overseas
regulator or by the extant RBI guidelines. The Bank also maintains general provision on positive Mark-to-Market (MTM)
on derivative transactions at the rates prescribed under the extant RBI guidelines.

The Bank maintains additional specific provision on projects under implementation which have availed deferment in
date of commencement of commercial operations and are classified as standard as per extant RBI guidelines

The Bank also maintains additional provision on standard accounts in a particular borrower group where one or
more entity in the group is classified as NPA, subject to the aggregate outstanding of such entities being above a
certain threshold limit. Such provision is in addition to and at rates higher than the provision for standard assets as
prescribed by RBI.

The Bank also maintains provision on non-funded outstanding in relation to NPAs, prudentially written off accounts,
corporate standard advances internally rated BB and Below or Unrated and all SMA-2 advances as reported to CRILC.

Under its home loan portfolio, the Bank offers housing loans with certain features involving waiver of EMIs for a specific
period subject to fulfilment of certain conditions by the borrower. The Bank makes provision against the probable
loss that could be incurred in future on account of these waivers to eligible borrowers, based on actuarial valuation
conducted by an independent actuary.

As approved by the Board of Directors, the Bank holds prudent provision of `7,013 crores towards certain standard
advances and / or exposures.

net of specific provisions made towards NPAs. Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets
based on the criteria stipulated by the RBI.

Provisions for standard assets and NPAs are made at rates as prescribed by the Company policy which are over and
above the minimum requirements under the RBI guidelines.
4.4. Country risk

In addition to the provisions required to be held according to the asset classification status, provisions are held for
individual country exposure (other than for home country) as per the RBI guidelines. Such provisions are held only in
respect of those countries where the net funded exposure of the Bank exceeds 1% of its total assets. For this purpose,
the countries are categorized into seven risk categories namely insignificant, low, moderate, high, very high, restricted
and off-credit as per internal parameters in accordance with RBI guidelines. Provision is made on exposures exceeding
180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 100%. For exposures with contractual maturity of less than 180 days,
25% of the normal provision requirement is held. If the net funded exposure of the Bank in respect of each country
does not exceed 1% of the total assets, no provision is maintained on such country exposure in accordance with RBI
guidelines. Indirect exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. This provision is classified under Schedule 5 - Other
Liabilities and Provisions in the Balance Sheet.

Consolidated Financial Statements
4.5 Securitisation and transfer of assets

Securitisation of Standard Assets

The Bank enters into purchase/sale of corporate and retail loans through direct assignment/Special Purpose Vehicle
( SPV ). In most cases, post securitisation, the Bank continues to service the loans transferred to the assignee/SPV.
The Bank also provides credit enhancement in the form of cash collaterals and/or by subordination of cash flows to
Senior Pass Through Certificate holders. In respect of credit enhancements provided or recourse obligations (projected
delinquencies, future servicing etc.) accepted by the Bank, appropriate provision/disclosure is made at the time of sale
in accordance with AS-29, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as notified under Section 133 of
the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2021.In accordance with RBI guidelines on Securitisation of Standard Assets, any loss, profit or
premium realised at the time of the sale is accounted for in the Profit & Loss Account for the accounting period during
which the sale is completed. However, in case of unrealised gains arising out of sale of underlying assets to the SPV,
the profit is recognised in Profit and Loss Account only when such unrealised gains associated with such income is
redeemed in cash.

Transfer of Loan Exposures

In accordance with RBI guidelines on Transfer of Loan exposures, any profit or loss arising post transfer of loans, which
is realised, is accounted for and reflected in the Profit & Loss Account for the accounting period during which the
transfer is completed. Loans acquired are carried at acquisition cost unless IT is more than the outstanding principal at
the time of the transfer, in which case the premium paid is amortised based on a straight line method.

The Company enters into purchase/sale of corporate and retail loans through direct assignment/securitisation. The
loans are recognised/derecognised in the books based on the risk and reward associated with the underlying loans in
compliance with RBI guidelines.
4.6. Priority Sector Lending Certificates

The Bank enters into transactions for the sale or purchase of Priority Sector Lending Certificates ( PSLCs ). In the case
of a sale transaction, the Bank sells the fulfilment of priority sector obligation and in the case of a purchase transaction
the Bank buys the fulfilment of priority sector obligation through the RBI trading platform. There is no transfer of loan
assets in PSLC transactions.
4.7. Translation of Foreign Currency items

Group

In respect of domestic operations, transactions denominated in foreign currencies are accounted for at the rates
prevailing on the date of the transaction. Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated at the closing
rates of exchange as notified by the Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India ( FEDAI ). All profits/losses resulting
from year end revaluations are recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Financial statements of foreign branches classified as non-integral foreign operations as per the RBI guidelines, are
translated as follows:

Assets and liabilities (both monetary and non-monetary as well as contingent liabilities) are translated at closing
exchange rates notified by FEDAI at the Balance Sheet date.

Income and expenses are translated at the rates prevailing on the date of the transactions.

All resulting exchange differences are accumulated in a separate Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR) till
the disposal of the net investments. Any realised gains or losses on such disposal are recognised in the Profit and

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Loss Account except for those that relate to repatriation of accumulated profits which are reclassified from FCTR
to Balance in Profit and Loss Account under Schedule 2 - Reserves and Surplus in the Balance Sheet.

Contingent liabilities on account of forward exchange and derivative contracts, guarantees, acceptances, endorsements
and other obligations denominated in foreign currencies are disclosed at closing rates of exchange notified by FEDAI.
4.8 Foreign exchange and derivative contracts

contingent liabilities. The forwards, swaps and options are categorised as trading or hedge transactions.

Trading derivatives

market sources or FBIL with the resulting unrealised gain or loss being recognised in the Profit and Loss Account and
correspondingly in other assets (representing positive MTM) and in other liabilities (representing negative MTM) on
a gross basis.

Outstanding forward exchange contracts including tom/spot contracts (excluding swaps undertaken to hedge foreign
currency assets/liabilities and funding swaps) as at Balance Sheet date are revalued at closing spot and forward rates as
applicable as notified by FEDAI/FBIL and at interpolated rates for contracts of interim maturities. Valuation is considered
on present value basis by discounting the forward value till cash date using Alternative Reference Rate ( ARR ) curve and
converting the foreign currency amount using the respective spot rates as notified by FEDAI/FBIL. The resulting gains
or losses on revaluation are included in the Profit and Loss Account.

Currency futures contracts are mark-to-market using the daily settlement price on a trading day, which is the closing
price of the respective futures contracts on that day. While the daily settlement price is computed based on the last
half an hour weighted average price of such contracts, the final settlement price is taken as the RBI reference rate on
the last trading day of the futures contracts or as may be specified by the relevant authority from time to time. All
open positions are marked-to-market based on the settlement price and the resultant MTM profit/loss is daily settled
with the exchange.

Valuation of Exchange Traded Currency Options ( ETCO ) is carried out using internal pricing models and valuation
of Interest Rate Futures ( IRF ) is carried out on the basis of the daily settlement price of each contract provided
by the exchange.

Premium on options is recognized as income/expense on expiry or early termination of the transaction.

Hedging derivatives including funding swaps

Foreign exchange forward contracts not intended for trading (including funding swaps), that are entered into to establish
the amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement date of a transaction, and are outstanding at
the Balance Sheet date, are effectively valued at the closing spot rate. The premium or discount arising at the inception
of such forward exchange contract is amortised on a straight line basis as expense or income over the life of the contract.

For hedge transactions through other derivatives, the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception
of transaction itself. The effectiveness is ascertained at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter.
In case of a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments and hedged items are recognized
in the Profit and Loss Account and in case of cash flow hedges, the change in fair value of hedging instrument for
the effective portion is recognised in Schedule 2- Reserves and Surplus under Cash Flow Hedge Reserve and the
ineffective portion of an effective hedging relationship, if any, is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account. The
accumulated balance in the Cash Flow Hedge Reserve, in an effective hedging relationship, is recycled in the Profit and
Loss Account at the same time that the impact from the hedged item is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Provisioning

Pursuant to the RBI guidelines any receivables under derivative contracts comprising of crystallised receivables as well
as positive MTM in respect of future receivables which remain overdue for more than 90 days are reversed through the
Profit and Loss account and are held in a separate suspense account under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions .

The Company enters into forward contracts to hedge the foreign currency risk of firm commitments and highly probable
forecast transactions. Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered
into and are subsequently re-measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss
is recognized in the Profit and Loss Account immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging
instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in the Profit and Loss Account depends on the nature of the
hedging relationship and the nature of the hedged item.

Cash Flow Hedges

A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that (i) is attributable to a particular risk
associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or a firm commitment in
respect of foreign currency and (ii) could affect the statement of profit and loss. Under a cash flow hedge, the hedging
instrument is measured at fair value, but any gain or loss that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognized in
equity, e.g., cash flow hedge reserve. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized
immediately in the Profit and Loss Account.

Fair Value Hedges

A fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised
firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or firm commitment, that is attributable to a
particular risk and could affect the Profit and Loss Account. When applying fair value hedge accounting, the hedging
instrument is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the Profit and Loss Account. The hedged
item is remeasured at fair value in respect of the hedged risk even if normally IT is measured at cost, e.g., a fixed rate
borrowing. Any resulting adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item related to the hedged risk is recognised
in the Profit and Loss Account even if normally such a change may not be recognised, e.g., for inventory being hedged
for fair value changes. The fair value changes of the hedged item and the hedging instrument will offset and result in no
net impact in the Profit and Loss Account except for the impact of ineffectiveness.
4.9. Revenue recognition

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis in accordance with AS-9, Revenue Recognition as notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the Companies
(Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021 and the RBI guidelines except in the case of interest income on non-performing
assets where IT is recognised on receipt basis as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of RBI. Any
discount or premium on the investments in debt-securities is amortised as interest income over the remaining life of the
instrument. Interest income on investments in PTCs is recognized on a constant yield basis.

Commission on Guarantees and Letters of Credit ( LC ) is recognised on a pro-rata basis over the period of the Guarantee/
LC. Locker rent is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of contract. Annual fee for credit cards and debit
cards is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of service. Arrangership/syndication fee is accounted for on
completion of the agreed service and when the right to receive is established.

Loan processing fee is accounted for upfront when due, where the Bank is reasonably certain of ultimate collection.
Penal charges on loans are recognized as income on actual realization.

Other fees and commission income are recognised when due, where the Bank is reasonably certain of ultimate
collection. Payouts made to network partners and entities with co-branded arrangements, in the nature of sharing of
fees or based on driver of volume/spends are netted off from the respective fee and commission income.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

Income from units of mutual funds / AIFs / VCFs is recognised on cash basis in line with regulatory guidelines.

Gain/loss on sell down of loans and advances through direct assignment is recognised at the time of sale.

Fees paid for purchase of PSLCs are amortised on straight-line basis over the tenor of the certificate as Other Expenditure
under Schedule 16 of the Profit and Loss Account. Fees received on sale of PSLCs are amortised on straight-line basis
over the tenor of the certificate as Miscellaneous Income under Schedule 14 of the Profit and Loss Account.

In accordance with RBI guidelines on sale of non-performing advances, if the sale is at a price below the net book
value (i.e. book value less provisions held), the shortfall is charged to the Profit and Loss Account. If the sale is for a
value higher than the net book value, the excess provision is credited to the Profit and Loss Account in the year the
amounts are received.

Subsidiaries

Revenue is recognised to the extent that IT is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the
revenue can be reliably measured. Fee income is recognised on the basis of accrual when all the services are performed
and there is reasonable certainty of ultimate collection.

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis.

Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

Income from sale of investments is determined on weighted average basis and recognised on the trade date basis.

Brokerage income in relation to stock broking activity is recognised as per contracted rates at the execution of
transactions on behalf of the customers on a trade date basis. Gains/losses on dealing in securities are recognised on a
trade date basis.

Revenue from issue management, loan syndication, and financial advisory services is recognised based on the stage of
completion of assignments and terms of agreement with the client.

Selling commission/brokerage generated from primary market operations i.e. procuring subscriptions from investors for
public offerings of companies, mutual funds, etc. is recorded on determination of the amount due to the Company, once
the allotment of securities is completed.

Annual fees for trusteeship services and servicing fees are recognised, on a straight line basis, over the period when
services are performed. Initial acceptance fee for trusteeship services is recognised as and when the Offer Letter for
the services to be rendered is accepted by the customer.

Realised gains and losses on mutual funds are dealt with in the Profit and Loss Account. The cost of units in mutual
funds sold is determined on a FIFO basis for the purpose of recording gains or losses on sale/redemption of such units.

Management fees are recognised on accrual basis. The fees charged are in accordance with the terms of scheme
information documents of respective schemes and are in line with the provisions of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations,
1996 as amended from time to time.

Management fees from Portfolio Management Services, Alternate Investment Fund and Investment advisory fees-
offshore are recognized on an accrual basis as per the terms of the contract with the customers.

Trustee fee is recognised on accrual basis, at the specific amount approved by the Board of Directors of the Company,
within the limits specified under the Deed of Trust, and is applied on the net assets of each scheme of Axis Mutual Fund.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis except in the case of interest income on non-performing assets where
IT is recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition and asset classification norms prescribed by the RBI.

Income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument on a straight-line method.

Front end fees on processing of loans are recognised upfront as income.

Business sourcing and resource management fees are recognised on accrual basis in accordance with the terms and
contracts entered between the Company and counterparty.

Brokerage income on securities is recognised as per contracted rates at the execution of transactions on behalf of the
customers on the trade date.

Gains/ losses on dealing in securities are recognised on a trade date basis.

Fees earned for the provision of services are recognised over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes
the benefits, as the services are rendered. These include brokerage fees which is fixed at inception irrespective of
number of transactions executed. The revenue for such contracts is recognised on consumption of benefits and the
balance unutilized plan value is recognised on maturity/ validity of the plan. Lifetime subscription based revenue is
recognised at a point in time and other subscriptions are recognised over period of time based on subscription period.

Selling commission/brokerage generated from primary market operations i.e. procuring subscriptions from investors for
public offerings of companies, mutual funds etc. is recorded on determination of the amount due to the Company, once
the allotment of securities is completed.

Depository fees are recognised on completion of the transaction.

Portfolio management fees are recognised on accrual basis based on fixed percentage of the corpus/fixed amount over
the period of service.

Onboarding fee is a one-time fee and is recognised at the time of onboarding of buyer, seller or financier. Transaction
fee is recurring in nature and is recognised on time proportion basis over the tenure of transaction. Transaction fee
received from sellers is recognised upfront on the date of transaction. The Company follows recognition of annual fees
on time proportion basis over the tenure of one year.

Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Ltd.

Merchant Discount Rate (MDR) is recognised on the basis of successful pay-out to the respective merchants. In addition,
through its own application, the Company offers its proprietary Bill Payments & Recharge service on other consumer
applications managed by Partners. Revenues from the said service are recognised upon successful recharge / payment
confirmation for the transactions executed.

Revenue from services i.e. sound box is recognized when the control in services is transferred as per the terms of the
agreement with the merchant i.e. as and when services are rendered.

Revenue from ancillary activities like convenience fee, merchant monetization fees, issuance fees, system integration,
paid coupon income, marketing fee etc. is recognised upon rendering of services.

Axis Pension Fund Management Company Ltd.

Investment management fees are recognised on an accrual basis net of Goods and Services Tax on the daily closing
assets under management across respective schemes under pension funds.

Management fees from schemes defined by the PFRDA are recognized on an accrual basis as per the terms
defined by PFRDA.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Interest income on debt investments is recognised on accrual basis. Amortisation of premium or accretion of discount
on debt investments is recognised over the period of maturity/holding of the investment on a straight-line basis.
4.10. Scheme expenses

New fund offer expenses

Expenses relating to new fund offer of Axis Mutual Fund are charged to the Profit and Loss Account in the year in which
they are incurred.

Commission

Commission paid on Alternate Investment Fund schemes is amortized over the minimum tenure of the scheme. The
unamortized portion of the commission is carried forward as prepaid expense.
4.11. Bullion

The Bank deals in bullion on a consignment basis. The difference between the amount recovered from customers and
cost of bullion is accounted for at the time of sale to the customers. The Bank also deals in bullion on a borrowing and
lending basis and the interest paid/received is accounted for on an accrual basis.
4.12 Fixed assets and depreciation

Group

Fixed assets are carried at cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Cost includes initial
handling and delivery charges, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the acquisition and installation of the
asset. Subsequent expenditure incurred on assets put to use is capitalised only when IT increases the future economic
benefit / functioning capability from / of such assets.

Capital work-in-progress includes cost of fixed assets that are not ready for their intended use and also includes
advances paid to acquire fixed assets.

Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful life of a fixed asset on a straight-line method from the date of
addition. The Management believes that depreciation rates currently used, fairly reflect its estimate of the useful lives
and residual values of fixed assets based on the historical experience of the Group, though these rates in certain cases
are different from those prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Whenever there is a revision of the
estimated useful life of an asset, the unamortised depreciable amount is charged over the revised remaining useful life
of the said asset.
Asset
Estimated useful life
As per Companies Act, 2013
Leased Land
As per the term of the agreement
-
Owned premises
Furniture and Fittings including interior
9 years to 10 years
10 years
Office/Electrical equipment and installations
Application software
-
Vehicles
4 years
8 years
Computer hardware including printers
CCTV and video conferencing equipment

Assets costing less than `5,000 individually are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.

Depreciation on assets sold during the year is recognised on a pro-rata basis in the Profit and Loss Accounts till
the date of sale.

Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of fixed assets are determined as the difference between the net
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of assets and are recognised as income or expense in the Profit and Loss
Account. Further, profit on sale of premises is appropriated to the Capital Reserve Account (net of taxes and transfer to
Statutory Reserve) in accordance with RBI instructions.

Consolidated Financial Statements
4.13. Impairment of Fixed Assets

The carrying amounts of fixed assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to ascertain if there is any indication of
impairment based on internal/external factors. An impairment loss is recognised wherever the carrying amount of an
asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of the asset s net selling price and value
in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value at the weighted
average cost of capital. After impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over its
remaining useful life.
4.14 Non-banking assets

Non-banking assets ( NBAs ) acquired in satisfaction of claims include land. In the case of land, the Bank creates
provision and follows the accounting treatment as per specific RBI directions.
4.15. Lease Transactions

Group

Leases where the lessor effectively retains substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership over the lease term are
classified as operating lease. Lease payments for assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the
Profit and Loss Account on a straight-line basis over the lease term, unless the payments are structured to increase in
line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor s expected inflationary cost increase. Lease income
from assets given on operating lease is recognized as income in the Profit and Loss Account on a straight line basis over
the lease term.
4.16. Employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits comprise salaries and other compensations payable for services which the employee has
rendered during the period. These are recognized at the undiscounted amount in the Profit and Loss Account.

Defined benefit plans

The Bank has defined benefit plans in the form of provident fund, gratuity and resettlement allowance. Provident and
Gratuity are in the nature of funded defined benefit plans and resettlement allowance is in the nature of unfunded
defined benefit plan.

Provident Fund

Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined benefit plan wherein the contributions are charged
to the Profit and Loss Account of the year when such contributions are due and when services are rendered by the
employees. Further, an actuarial valuation is conducted by an independent actuary using the Projected Unit Credit
Method as at 31 March each year to determine the deficiency, if any, in the interest payable on the contributions as
compared to the interest liability as per the statutory rate declared by the Central Government and the shortfall if
any due to fluctuations in price or impairment, in the aggregate asset values of the Trust as compared to the market
value. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately recognized in the Profit and Loss Account and are not deferred.

The overseas branches of the Bank and its eligible employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary
towards respective government schemes as per local regulatory guidelines.

Subsidiaries

Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined contribution scheme with the contribution payable
to the provident fund scheme recognised as an expenditure, when an employee renders the related service. The
contributions are accounted for on an accrual basis and charged to the Profit & Loss Account.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Gratuity

The Bank contributes towards gratuity fund (defined benefit retirement plan) administered by various insurers for
eligible employees. Under this scheme, the settlement obligation remains with the Bank, although the insurers
administer the scheme and determine the contribution premium required to be paid by the Bank. The plan
provides a lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the
respective employee s salary and the years of employment with the Bank. The liability with regard to the gratuity
fund is recognized based on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary using the Projected Unit
Credit Method as at each reporting date based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth,
mortality and staff attrition. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately recognized in the Profit and Loss Account and
are not deferred.

In respect of employees at overseas branches (other than expatriates), the liability with regard to gratuity is
provided on the basis of a prescribed method as per local laws, wherever applicable.

Subsidiaries

Gratuity liability is a defined benefit obligation and is provided for on the basis of an actuarial valuation using
Projected Unit Credit Method as at each reporting date. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately recognized in the
Profit and Loss Account and are not deferred.

Resettlement Allowance

The Bank provides for resettlement allowance liability in the form of six months pay at the time of separation, for
certain eligible employees who moved to the Bank as part of the Citibank India Consumer Business acquisition.
Provision for this liability is based on an actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary using the
Projected Unit Credit Method as at 31 March each year based on certain assumptions regarding discount rate and
salary escalation rate.

Compensated Absences

Subsidiaries (Axis Capital Limited, Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited and Freecharge Business
and Technology Services Limited)

Accumulated leave, which is expected to be utilized within the next 12 months, is treated as short-term employee
benefit. The expected cost of such absences is measured as the additional amount that is expected to be paid as a
result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the reporting date.

Accumulated leave which is expected to be carried forward beyond twelve months is treated as long-term employee
benefit for measurement purposes. Such compensated absences are provided for based on the actuarial valuation
using the projected unit credit method at the year-end. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately recognised in the
Profit and Loss Account and are not deferred.

Defined Contribution plans

Superannuation

Select employees of the Bank are entitled to receive retirement benefits under the Bank s superannuation scheme
either under a cash-out option through salary or under a defined contribution plan. For the employees covered
under the defined contribution plan the Bank contributes annually a sum equal to 10% of the employee s eligible
annual basic salary to the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), which undertakes to pay the lump sum and
annuity benefit payments pursuant to the scheme. Such contributions are recognised in the Profit and Loss

Consolidated Financial Statements

National Pension Scheme ( NPS )

Group

In respect of employees who opt for contribution to the NPS, the Group contributes a certain percentage of the
total basic salary of such employees to the aforesaid scheme, a defined contribution plan, which is managed and
administered by pension fund management companies. Such contributions are recognised in the Profit and Loss
4.17. Reward points

The Bank runs a loyalty program which seeks to recognize and reward customers based on their relationship with
the Bank. Under the program, eligible customers are granted loyalty points redeemable in future, subject to certain
conditions. In addition, the Bank continues to grant reward points in respect of certain credit cards (not covered under
the loyalty program). The Bank estimates the provision for such loyalty/reward points using an actuarial method at the
Balance Sheet date through an independent actuary, basis assumptions such as redemption rate, lapse rate, discount
rate, value of reward points etc. Provision for the said reward points is then made based on the actuarial valuation
report as furnished by the said independent actuary.
4.18. Taxation

Group

Income tax expense is the aggregate amount of current tax and deferred tax charge. Current year taxes are determined
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and considering the material principles set out in
the Income Computation and Disclosure Standards to the extent applicable. Deferred income taxes reflect the impact
of current year timing differences between taxable income and accounting income for the year and reversal of timing
differences of earlier years.

Deferred tax is measured based on the tax rates and the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the Balance
Sheet date. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off assets
against liabilities representing current tax and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to the taxes on
income levied by same governing taxation laws.

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that there is reasonable certainty that sufficient future taxable
income will be available against which such deferred tax assets can be realised. The impact of changes in the deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

Deferred tax assets are recognised and reassessed at each reporting date, based upon the Management s judgement
as to whether realisation is considered as reasonably certain. Deferred tax assets are recognised on carry forward of
unabsorbed depreciation and tax losses only if there is virtual certainty supported by convincing evidence that such
deferred tax asset can be realised against future profits.
4.19 Share issue expenses

Group

Share issue expenses are adjusted from the Share Premium Account in terms of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013.
4.20. Corporate Social Responsibility

Group

Expenditure towards Corporate Social Responsibility is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
4.21 Earnings per share

Group

The Group reports basic and diluted earnings per share in accordance with AS-20, Earnings per Share, as notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and the Companies
(Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the net profit after tax by the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for the year.

Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue equity
shares were exercised or converted during the year. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average
number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity shares outstanding at the year end except where the results are
anti-dilutive.
4.22 Employee stock option/unit scheme

The Employee Stock Option Scheme ( the Scheme ) provides for grant of stock options on equity shares of the Bank to
employees and Directors of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Under the Scheme, options are granted at an exercise price,
which is equal to the fair market price of the underlying equity shares at the date of the grant. The fair market price is
the latest available closing price, prior to the date of grant, on the stock exchange on which the shares of the Bank are
listed. If the shares are listed on more than one stock exchange, then the stock exchange where there is highest trading
volume on the said date is considered.

Further, the Employees Stock Unit Scheme ( the ESU Scheme ) provides for grant of stock units convertible into
equivalent number of fully paid-up equity share(s) of the Bank to eligible employees. The stock units are granted at an
exercise price as determined by the Bank and specified at the time of grant which shall not be less than the face value
of the equity shares of the Bank.

As per RBI guidelines, for options/units granted after 31 March, 2021, the Bank follows the fair value method and
recognizes the fair value of such options/units computed using the Black-Scholes model without reducing estimated
forfeitures, as compensation expense over the vesting period. On exercise of the stock options/units, the corresponding
balance under Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding account is transferred to the Share Premium account. In
respect of the options/units which expire unexercised, the balance standing to the credit of Employee Stock Options/
Units Outstanding account is transferred to the General Reserve. In respect of Employee Stock Options/Units which are
granted to the employees of the subsidiaries, the Bank recovers the cost from the subsidiaries over the vesting period.

On September 11, 2025, Axis Finance Ltd. (the Company) introduced its own Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) under
which options are granted to eligible employees. The Company estimates the fair value of underlying equity shares
as on the grant date using the Black-Scholes Model and amortises the same as employee compensation cost over the
vesting period on a straight-line basis, based on the number of options expected to vest, with a corresponding increase
in equity. In the event of cancellation or lapse of unvested options, the previously recognized cost is reversed in the
4.23 Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

Group

In accordance with AS-29 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets provision is recognised when the
Group has a present obligation as a result of past event where IT is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions are not discounted to its present
value and are determined based on the best estimate required to settle the obligation at the Balance Sheet date. These
are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.

Consolidated Financial Statements

A disclosure of contingent liability is made when there is:

a possible obligation arising from a past event, the existence of which will be confirmed by occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not within the control of the Group; or

a present obligation arising from a past event which is not recognised as IT is not probable that an outflow of resources
will be required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation cannot be made.

When there is a possible obligation or a present obligation in respect of which the likelihood of outflow of resources is
remote, no provision or disclosure is made.

Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements. However, contingent assets are assessed continually
and if IT is virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, the asset and related income are recognised in
the period in which the change occurs.

Subsidiaries

Where doubtful debt remains unrecovered till the end of the year, the same is written off and reversed from the debtors
account. Specific provisions are created in certain cases where recovery is assessed as doubtful even before the due date.
4.24 Accounting for dividend

Group

As per AS-4 Contingencies and Events occurring after the Balance Sheet date as notified by the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs through the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021, the Group does not account for proposed dividend
as a liability through appropriation from the Profit and Loss Account. The same is recognised in the year of actual payout
post approval of the shareholders. However, the Bank considers proposed dividend in determining capital funds in
computing the capital adequacy ratio as on the reporting date.
4.25 Cash and cash equivalents

Group

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, rupee digital currency, balances with RBI, balances with other banks
and money at call and short notice.
4.26. Segment Reporting

Group

The disclosure relating to segment information is made in accordance with AS-17: Segment Reporting and relevant
guidelines issued by the RBI.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
18 Notes forming part of the consolidated Financial Statements

1.
Disclosures
1.1
Provisions and contingencies recognised in the Profit and Loss Account comprise of:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Provision for income tax1

-
Current tax
7,712.67
8,160.63
-
Deferred tax [(Refer note 18 (1.11)]
(1,913.03)
449.79
5,799.64
8,610.42
Provision for non-performing assets (including bad debts written off, net of write backs and
recoveries in written off accounts)2
9,758.70
7,817.29
1.83
(0.80)
Provision for Covid-19 restructuring & MSME restructuring
(195.12)
(143.48)
Provision towards standard assets3
1,964.96
96.12
Provision for unhedged foreign currency exposures
161.44
(54.74)
25.49
10.57
(18.18)
(38.44)
Provision for probable legal cases
28.96
527.55
Provision for other contingencies4
1,889.01
(47.72)
Total
19,416.73
16,776.77

1.
In the financial year 2022-23, the Bank acquired Citibank s India Consumer Business from Citibank N.A. (acting through its branch in
India) ( CBNA ) and the NBFC Consumer Business from Citicorp Finance (India) Limited ( CFIL ) collectively referred to as Citi India
Consumer Business on a going concern basis. In accordance with an independent valuer s report, intangibles (excluding goodwill)
amounting to `8,714.25 crores were recognised in the Bank s financial statements. Despite retaining access to and business use
of these assets, as a prudent measure aimed at protecting its capacity to pay dividends, the Bank opted to fully amortise these
intangibles through the Profit and Loss account in FY 2022-23. Furthermore, the Bank elected not to create any deferred tax asset in
FY 2022-23 on such intangibles, nor did the Bank consider the deductibility on the said intangibles while providing for current tax in
the books until the regular tax assessment for the said financial year was completed. During the year ended 31 March 2026, following
the conclusion of regular assessment proceedings by the income tax authorities, tax depreciation on these intangibles was allowed.
As a result, the tax expense for FY26 is lower by `2,193.20 crores, which includes the reversal of excess tax provisions made in prior
years amounting to `1,129.80 crores, reduction of current year s tax expense by `265.85 crores and recognition of a deferred tax
asset of `797.55 crores

2.
includes provision for non-performing advances of `13,282.50 crores (previous year `11,866.99 crores) and provision on non-
performing investments of `65.86 crores (previous year provision of `222.51 crores), net of recoveries from written off accounts of
`3,589.66 crores (previous year `3,827.19 crores)

3.
During the year ended 31 March, 2026, following an RBI advisory, post its FY25 annual inspection, the Bank in Q2FY26 made an
additional one-time standard asset provision of `1,231 crores for declassified PSL loans. The customer terms remain unchanged. This
provision will be written back to the P&L upon all the declassified loans being made compliant, recovered or closed in the normal
course, no later than March 31, 2028. No divergence in asset quality or NPA provisioning was identified in the said annual inspection

4.
During the year, the Bank took the initiative to further strengthen its balance sheet by voluntarily enhancing its prudent provisioning
framework for standard assets. In line with this framework, an additional one-time provision of `2,001 crores was made during the
quarter. This measure is entirely prudent and does not indicate any concerns regarding asset quality or adverse credit developments
in the Bank s loan or investment portfolio as of the reporting date
1.2
Capital instruments

Share Capital

During the years ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, the Bank has not raised equity capital other
than through allotment of equity shares upon exercise of options/units under its Employees Stock Option/Unit
Scheme. During the year ended 31 March, 2026, pursuant to the exercise of options/units, the Bank has raised
`680.88 crores, consisting of share capital of `2.16 crores and share premium of `678.72 crores (previous year
`685.87 crores, consisting of share capital of `2.16 crores and share premium of `683.71 crores).

Consolidated Financial Statements

Other capital instruments

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank has not raised any non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-I/
Tier-II capital.

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank redeemed non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-II capital, the
details of which are set out below:
Instrument
Capital
Period
Coupon
Amount
Subordinated debt
Tier-II
30. September, 2025
8.50%
`1,500.00 crores

During the year ended 31 March, 2025, the Bank has not raised any non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-I/
Tier-II capital.

During the year ended 31 March, 2025, the Bank redeemed non-equity Basel III compliant Tier-I/Tier-II capital,
the details of which are set out below:
Instrument
Capital
Period
Coupon
Amount
Subordinated debt
Tier - II
12. February, 2025
8.45%
`850.00 crores
1.3
Divergence in asset classification and provisioning

In terms of RBI guidelines, banks are required to disclose the divergences in asset classification and provisioning
consequent to RBI s annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial statements. The disclosure
is required if either or both of the following conditions are satisfied: (a) the additional provisioning for NPAs assessed
by RBI exceeds 5% of the reported profit before provisions and contingencies for the reference period and (b) the
additional Gross NPAs identified by RBI exceed 5% of the published incremental Gross NPAs for the reference period.

Based on the above, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs is required with
respect to RBI s annual supervisory process for the year ended 31 March, 2025 and 31 March, 2024.
1.4
Earnings Per Share ( EPS )

The details of EPS computation is set out below:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Basic and Diluted earnings for the year (Net profit after tax) (` in crores)
26,384.85
28,055.11
Basic weighted average no. of shares (in crores)
310.28
309.26
Add: Equity shares for no consideration arising on grant of stock options/units under ESOP/
ESU scheme (in crores)
2.04
1.84
Diluted weighted average no. of shares (in crores)
312.32
311.10
Basic EPS (`)
85.04
90.72
Less: Effect of potential equity shares for no consideration arising on grant of stock options/
units under ESOP/ESU scheme (`)
(0.56)
(0.54)
Diluted EPS (`)
84.48
90.18
Nominal value of shares (`)
2.00

Dilution of equity is on account of 20,373,612 stock options/units (previous year 18,432,380 stock options/units)
1.5
Employee Stock Options/Units

Over the period till 31 March 2026, pursuant to the approval of the shareholders the Bank has framed Employee
Stock Option Schemes for options aggregating 315,087,000 that vest in a graded manner over 3 to 4 years, subject
to vesting conditions. The options can be exercised within five years from the date of the vesting. Further, pursuant
to the approval of the shareholders in January 2023, the Bank also framed an Employee Stock Units (ESUs) Scheme
aggregating to 50,000,000 units that vest in a graded manner over 3 years, subject to vesting conditions. The ESUs
can be exercised within five years from the date of the vesting. Within the respective overall ceilings of options/units

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
the Bank is authorised to issue options/units to eligible employees and Whole Time Directors (including those of
subsidiary companies and Associate entity).

331,417,818 options and 5,112,947 ESUs have been granted under the Schemes till the previous year ended
31 March, 2025. During the year ended 31 March, 2026, pursuant to the approval of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, the Bank granted options/units (each option representing entitlement to one equity share of the Bank) to
eligible employees/directors of the Bank/subsidiary companies as set out below:
Options/ESUs
Grant price (` per option/unit)
25. April, 2025
Options
7,197,426
1,207.10
25. April, 2025
ESUs
2,213,962
2.00
16. July, 2025
Options
137,575
1,165.90
14. January, 2026
Options
103,916
1,262.00

Options
Range of
exercise prices (`)
Weighted average
Weighted average
life (Years)
46,353,347
772.73
4.01
7,438,917
1165.90 to 1,262.00
1,207.10
-
(1,354,487)
488.35 to 1,207.10
1,017.76
-
(98,943)
488.35 to 757.10
599.82
-
(9,956,984)
683.65
-
42,381,850
862.47
3.81
30,970,974
756.28
2.99

The weighted average share price in respect of options exercised during the year was `1,223.70.

Stock units activity under the Scheme for the year ended 31 March, 2026 is set out below:
Units
Exercise price (`)
Weighted average
Weighted average
life (Years)
4,267,217
2.00
5.75
2,213,962
2.00
-
(311,215)
2.00
-
2.00
-
(846,588)
2.00
-
5,323,376
2.00
5.42
1,759,298
2.00
4.33

The weighted average share price in respect of units exercised during the year was `1,190.76.

Stock option activity under the Scheme for the year ended 31 March, 2025 is set out below:
Options
Range of
exercise prices (`)
Weighted average
Weighted average
life (Years)
52,199,448
469.90 to 929.80
712.34
4.27
7,105,507
1,063.25 to 1,291.65
1,066.02
-
(2,455,328)
469.90 to 1,063.25
820.58
-
(102,753)
469.90 to 757.10
654.80
-
(10,393,527)
469.90 to 848.80
659.82
-
46,353,347
772.73
4.01
34,860,694
707.90
3.32

The weighted average share price in respect of options exercised during the year was `1,143.23 .

Consolidated Financial Statements

Stock units activity under the Scheme for the year ended 31 March, 2025 is set out below:
Units
Outstanding
Exercise price (`)
Weighted average
Weighted average
life (Years)
2,534,240
2.00
6.09
2,408,870
2.00
-
(270,729)
2.00
-
(405,164)
2.00
-
4,267,217
2.00
5.75
1,057,224
2.00
4.63

The weighted average share price in respect of units exercised during the year was `1,146.05 .

Fair Value Methodology

In line with RBI clarification on Guidelines on Compensation of Whole Time Directors/Chief Executive Officers/
Material Risk Takers and Control Function Staff issued on 30 August, 2021, the Bank follows the fair value method
for all share-linked instruments granted after 31 March, 2021 and consequently recognizes the fair value of options
computed using the Black-Scholes model, without reducing estimated forfeitures, as a compensation expense over the
vesting period. During the year, the Group recognised compensation cost of `443.58 crores (Previous year `430.53
crores) for options/units granted to employees of the Group.

The fair value of the options/units is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes options pricing model,
with the following assumptions:
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
ESOP
ESU
ESOP
ESU
Dividend yield
0.09%-0.11%
0.11%
0.09%
Expected life
5.80% to 6.28%
5.87% to 5.96%
6.85% to 7.09%
6.95% to 7.06%
Volatility
21.61% to 28.38%
22.85% to 25.51%
24.00% to 29.15%
19.89% to 24.01%

Volatility is the measure of the amount by which a price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate during a period.
The measure of volatility used in the Black-Scholes options pricing model is the annualised standard deviation of
the continuously compounded rates of return on the stock over a period of time. For calculating volatility, the daily
volatility of the stock prices on the National Stock Exchange, over a period prior to the date of grant, corresponding
with the expected life of the options has been considered.

The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is `369.69 (previous
year `358.68).

The weighted average fair value of units granted during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is `1,202.67 (previous
year `1,059.51).

The Board of Directors of Axis Finance Limited ( the Company ) at its meeting held on 11 September 2025, approved
an issue of stock options (ESOP 2025) upto a maximum of 1.94% of the then issued equity capital of the Company
aggregating to 3,60,65,668 equity shares of the face value of `10 each in a manner provided in the SEBI (Employee
Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines 1999.

The options issued under the ESOP 2025 vest over a period of not less than 1 year and not later than 5 years from the
date of grant with the vesting condition of continuous employment with the Company or the Group except in case of
death or permanent incapacity of an Option Grantee where the minimum vesting period of 1 year from the date of
grant shall not apply and settled by issue of shares at exercise price.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company has approved the following grants to tenured
employees in managerial and leadership positions upon achieving defined thresholds of performance and leadership
behaviour in accordance with the ESOP 2025. Details of grants given up to the reporting date under the scheme are
given as under:
Grant price (` per option)
11. September, 2025
13,151,277
120.80

Options
Weighted average
Weighted average
(Years)
-
13,151,277
120.80
3.50
(216,336)
120.80
3.50
-
12,934,941
120.80
3.50
-

Fair Value Methodology

The Company has used the fair value method to account for the compensation cost of stock options to employees. The
fair value of options is estimated on the date of grant using the Black - Scholes Model with the following assumptions:
Expected life
Expected volatility
Dividend yield
6.01% - 6.38%
3.5 - 6.5 years
31.39% - 39.57%
0.00%

Risk free interest rates over the expected term of the option are based on the government securities yield in effect at
the time of the grant. The expected term of an option is estimated based on the average of minimum & maximum life
of the options. Expected volatility during the estimated expected term of the option is based on historical volatility
determined based on observed market prices of the Company s listed peers.

The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is `50.70 (previous year `Nil).

For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company has accounted expense of `18.83 crores as employee benefit
expenses on the aforesaid employee stock option plan (Previous year `Nil).
1.6
Proposed Dividend

The Board of Directors, in their meeting held on 25 April, 2026 have proposed a final dividend of `1 per equity share
amounting to `310.82 crores. The proposal is subject to the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
In terms of revised Accounting Standard (AS) 4 Contingencies and Events occurring after the Balance sheet date
as notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs through the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021, such
proposed dividend has not been recognised as a liability as on 31 March, 2026.

During the year, the Bank paid final dividend of `1 per equity share amounting `310.14 crores pertaining to the
previous year ended 31 March, 2025.
1.7
Segmental reporting

The business of the Group is divided into four segments: Treasury, Retail Banking, Corporate/Wholesale Banking and
Other Banking Business. These segments have been identified based on the RBI guidelines on Segment Reporting. The
principal activities of these segments are as under:

Consolidated Financial Statements
Segment
Principal Activities
Treasury
Treasury operations include investments in sovereign and corporate debt, equity and mutual funds,
trading operations, derivative trading and foreign exchange operations on the proprietary account and
for customers. The Treasury segment also includes the central funding unit.
Retail Banking
Constitutes lending to individuals/small businesses through the branch network and other delivery
channels subject to the orientation, nature of product, granularity of the exposure and the quantum
thereof. Retail Banking activities also include liability products, card services, internet banking, mobile
banking, ATM services, depository, financial advisory services and NRI services.
Digital Banking (Sub-
segment of Retail Banking)
In accordance with RBI circular DOR.AUT.REC.12/22.01.001/2022-23 dated 7 April 2022 on
Establishment of Digital Banking Units, the Bank has presented Digital Banking as a sub-segment of
the Retail Banking segment.
Corporate/Wholesale
Banking
Includes corporate relationships not included under Retail Banking, corporate advisory services,
placements and syndication, project appraisals, capital market related services and cash management
Other Banking Business
Includes para banking activities like third party product distribution and other banking transactions not
covered under any of the above three segments.

Unallocated assets and liabilities - All items which are reckoned at an enterprise level are classified under this segment
such as deferred tax, tax paid in advance net of provision, provision for other contingencies towards potential
expected losses etc.

Business segments in respect of operations of the subsidiaries have been identified and reported taking into account
the customer profile, the nature of product and services and the organisation structure.

Revenues of the Treasury segment primarily consist of fees and gains or losses from trading operations and interest
income on the investment portfolio. The principal expenses of the segment consist of interest expense on funds
borrowed from external sources and other internal segments, premises expenses, personnel costs, other direct
overheads and allocated expenses.

Revenues of the Corporate/Wholesale Banking segment consist of interest and fees earned on loans given to
customers falling under this segment and fees arising from transaction services and merchant banking activities such
as syndication and debenture trusteeship. Revenues of the Retail Banking segment are derived from interest earned on
loans classified under this segment, fees for banking and advisory services, ATM interchange fees and cards products.
Expenses of the Corporate/Wholesale Banking and Retail Banking segments primarily comprise interest expense on
deposits and funds borrowed from other internal segments, infrastructure and premises expenses for operating the
branch network and other delivery channels, personnel costs, other direct overheads and allocated expenses.

Segment income includes earnings from external customers and from funds transferred to the other segments.
Segment result includes revenue as reduced by interest expense and operating expenses and provisions, if any, for that
segment. Segment-wise income and expenses include certain allocations. Inter segment interest income and interest
expense represent the transfer price received from and paid to the Central Funding Unit (CFU) respectively. For this
purpose, the funds transfer pricing mechanism presently followed by the Group, which is based on historical matched
maturity and internal benchmarks, has been used by the Group and relied upon by the Statutory Auditors. Operating
expenses other than those directly attributable to segments are allocated to the segments based on an activity-based
costing methodology. All activities in the Group are segregated segment-wise and allocated to the respective segment.

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Segmental results are set out below:
31. March, 2026
Treasury
Corporate/
Wholesale
Banking
Retail Banking
Other Banking
Business
Unallocated
Total
Digital Banking
Business
Other Retail
Banking
Business
Total Retail
Banking
Segment Revenue
27,662.49
37,954.71
17,007.23
49,850.23
66,857.46
0.01
63.57
132,538.24
Other income
2,892.50
6,541.39
8,320.69
5,586.30
13,906.99
6,332.83
-
29,673.71
30,554.99
44,496.10
25,327.92
55,436.53
80,764.45
6,332.84
63.57
162,211.95
2,716.82
8,004.44
14,327.81
54,309.26
68,637.07
-
79,358.33
33,271.81
52,500.54
39,655.73
109,745.79
149,401.52
6,332.84
63.57
241,570.28
20,675.20
1,242.73
12,135.43
40,021.63
52,157.06
-
74,074.99
7,053.47
30,646.11
8,027.85
33,630.90
41,658.75
-
79,358.33
Less: Operating expenses
358.68
7,617.27
10,038.61
23,290.10
33,328.71
921.75
-
42,226.41
Operating profit
5,184.46
12,994.43
9,453.84
12,803.16
22,257.00
5,411.09
63.57
45,910.55
119.92
818.72
5,198.81
7,479.61
12,678.42
0.02
-
13,617.08
Segment result
5,064.54
12,175.71
4,255.03
5,323.55
9,578.58
5,411.07
63.57
32,293.47
Less: Provision for tax
5,799.65
Net Profit before minority interest and earnings
from Associate
26,493.82
Less: Minority Interest
163.06
Add: Share of Profit in Associate
54.09
-
Net Profit
26,384.85
Segment assets
6,16,649.52
5,94,824.55
1,48,123.32
5,73,586.39
7,21,709.71
4,113.02
8,753.49
19,46,050.29
Segment liabilities
3,82,781.74
2,56,187.38
2,19,472.46
8,65,393.90
10,84,866.36
223.21
8,412.682
17,32,471.37
Net assets
233,867.78
338,637.17
(71,349.14)
(291,807.51)
(363,156.65)
3,889.81
340.81
213,578.92
10.97
429.03
397.56
1,173.66
1,571.22
49.90
-
2,061.12
10.13
381.02
367.10
1,085.76
1,452.86
48.93
-
1,892.94
1. represents material non-cash items other than depreciation
2. includes minority interest of `798.19 crores

Consolidated Financial Statements
31. March, 2025
Treasury
Corporate/
Wholesale
Banking
Retail Banking
Other Banking
Business
Unallocated
Total
Digital Banking
Business
Other Retail
Banking
Business
Total Retail
Banking
Segment Revenue
25,251.54
35,230.05
15,446.07
51,077.71
66,523.78
-
368.72
127,374.09
Other income
3,555.25
5,682.83
7,685.28
5,658.08
13,343.36
5,961.33
-
28,542.77
28,806.79
40,912.88
23,131.35
56,735.79
79,867.14
5,961.33
368.72
155,916.86
3,545.25
8,447.91
11,189.01
53,694.40
64,883.41
-
76,876.57
32,352.04
49,360.79
34,320.36
1,10,430.19
1,44,750.55
5,961.33
368.72
232,793.43
20,479.18
1,705.37
9,215.82
39,635.94
48,851.76
-
71,036.31
5,368.43
29,251.88
7,164.82
35,091.44
42,256.26
-
76,876.57
Less: Operating expenses
491.47
6,012.71
10,151.13
22,477.19
32,628.32
859.54
-
39,992.04
Operating profit
6,012.96
12,390.83
7,788.59
13,225.62
21,014.21
5,101.79
368.72
44,888.51
(1,182.68)
(844.29)
5,590.49
4,631.47
10,221.96
0.02
(28.66)
8,166.35
Segment result
7,195.64
13,235.12
2,198.10
8,594.15
10,792.25
5,101.77
397.38
36,722.16
Less: Provision for tax
8,610.42
Net Profit before minority interest and earnings
from Associate
28,111.74
Less: Minority Interest
135.69
Add: Share of Profit in Associate
79.06
-
Net Profit
28,055.11
Segment assets
535,932.97
445,384.54
127,728.56
537,802.52
665,531.08
3,224.78
6,889.24
1,656,962.61
Segment liabilities
294,035.21
233,574.59
174,174.82
760,214.82
934,389.64
231.22
8,679.122
1,470,909.78
Net assets
241,897.76
211,809.95
(46,446.26)
(222,412.30)
(268,858.56)
2,993.56
(1,789.88)
186,052.83
14.88
509.33
458.99
1,522.44
1,981.43
86.14
-
2,591.78
10.24
346.36
315.83
1,045.57
1,361.40
48.97
-
1,766.97
1. represents material non-cash items other than depreciation
2. includes minority interest of `635.13 crores

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Geographic Segments

Domestic
International
Total
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Revenue
159,136.46
152,580.80
3,075.49
3,336.05
162,211.95
155,916.85
Assets
1,868,754.06
1,600,411.89
77,296.22
56,550.72
1,946,050.29
1,656,962.61
Capital expenditure for the
2,058.68
2,585.29
2.44
6.49
2,061.12
2,591.78
Depreciation on fixed assets
for the year
1,891.22
1,765.61
1.71
1.36
1,892.94
1,766.97
1.8
Related party disclosure

The related parties of the Group are broadly classified as:

Promoter

The Bank has identified the following entities as its Promoter:

Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)

Key Management Personnel

Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry (MD & CEO)

Mr. Rajiv Anand (Deputy Managing Director) (up to 2 August, 2025)

Mr. Subrat Mohanty (Executive Director)

Mr. Munish Sharda (Executive Director)

Mr. Neeraj Gambhir (Executive Director) (with effect from 20 October, 2025)

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Preeti Chaudhry, Mr. Anagh Chaudhry, Mr. Aruj Chaudhry, Mr. Aryan Chaudhry, Ms. Rajul Parekh, Ms. Chhavi
Kharb, Mr. Ashok Kharb, Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry, Ms. Kusum Chaudhry, Ms. Gitanjali Anand, Ms. Tara Anand,
Ms. Nandita Anand, Mr. P.L. Narain, Mr. P. Srinivas, Ms. Ratna Rao Shekar, Ms. Charu Narain, Ms. K Ramalakshmi,
Ms. Smitha Mohanty, Mr. Agastya Mohanty, Mr. Rajat Mohanty, Ms. Neelima Mohanty, Mr. Narasingh Mohanty,
Ms. Gitashree Mohanty, Ms. Rima Sharda, Ms. Tanya Sharda, Ms. Shashi Sharda, Mr. Rakesh Sharda, Ms. Monica
Sharda, Ms. Shalini Chhabra, Ms. Vritika Gambhir, Ms. Ishya Gambhir, Ms. Anu Miglani, Mr. Rajnish Miglani,
Ms. Darshan Kumari, Mr. Madan Lal Gambhir.

Associate

Axis Max Life Insurance Limited (formerly Max Life Insurance Company Limited)

Based on RBI guidelines, details of transactions with Promoter (Life Insurance Corporation of India) and Associate
(Axis Max Life Insurance Limited) are not disclosed since there is only one entity/party in the aforesaid categories.

Consolidated Financial Statements

The details of transactions of the Bank with its related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2026 are given below:

Key Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Total
Dividend paid
0.04
0.00*
0.04
Interest paid
0.52
1.03
1.55
Interest received
-
0.01
17.06
-
17.06
Remuneration paid
27.93
-
27.93
-
Advance repaid
-
0.01
0.02
0.00*
0.02
0.45
0.01
0.46

# Details of transactions of the Bank with KMP and relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

* Denotes amount less than `50,000/-

The balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Group as on 31 March, 2026 are given below:

Items/Related Party
Key Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Total
Deposits with the Bank
14.93
17.28
32.21
Advances
0.11
0.07
0.18
0.01
0.00*
0.01

* Denotes amount less than `50,000/-

The maximum balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Group during the year ended
31 March, 2026 are given below:

Items/Related Party
Key Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Total
Deposits with the Bank
22.88
17.28
40.16
Advances
0.25
0.20
0.45
0.12
0.00*
0.12

The details of transactions of the Group with its related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2025 are given below:

Items/Related Party
Key Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel#
Total
Dividend paid
0.06
0.00*
0.06
Interest paid
0.38
0.76
1.14
Interest received
0.01
0.00*
0.01
53.29
-
53.29
Remuneration paid
27.71
-
27.71
-
0.07
Advance repaid
0.77
-
0.77
0.03
0.00*
0.03
0.14
0.00*
0.14

# Details of transactions of the Bank with KMP and relatives of KMP are for the period during which the KMP are related parties of the Bank

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

The balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Group as on 31 March, 2025 are given below:
Items/Related Party
Key Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Total
Deposits with the Bank
8.81
14.43
23.24
Advances
0.19
0.15
0.34
0.12
0.00*
0.12

The maximum balances payable to/receivable from the related parties of the Group during the year ended
31 March, 2025 are given below:

Items/Related Party
Key Management
Personnel
Relatives of Key
Management
Personnel
Total
Deposits with the Bank
22.83
14.77
37.60
Advances
1.01
0.23
1.24
0.14
0.00*
0.14

The significant transactions between the Group and related parties during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and
31 March, 2025 are given below. A specific related party transaction is disclosed as a significant related party
transaction wherever IT exceeds 10% of the aggregate value of all related party transactions in that category:
Particulars
Year ended
31. March, 2026
Year ended
31. March, 2025
Dividend paid

Mr. Rajiv Anand
0.04
0.06
Interest paid
Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry
0.39
0.34
Ms. Preeti Chaudhry
0.46
0.25
Mr. Subrat Mohanty
0.43
0.27
Interest received
Mr. Rajiv Anand
-
0.01
Mr. Rakesh Sharda
0.01
0.00*
Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry
8.07
35.09
Mr. Rajiv Anand
4.83
13.97
Mr. Munish Sharda
2.33
4.23
Mr. Neeraj Gambhir
1.83
Remuneration paid
Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry
10.30
9.80
Mr. Rajiv Anand
4.17
6.84
Mr. Subrat Mohanty
6.13
5.63
Mr. Munish Sharda
5.70
5.44
Mr. Rajiv Anand
0.02
0.03
Advance repaid
Mr. Rajiv Anand
-
0.77
Mr. Rakesh Sharda
0.01
-
Mr. Rakesh Sharda
-
0.07
Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry
0.18
0.04
Mr. Rajiv Anand
0.01
0.03

Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Year ended
31. March, 2026
Year ended
31. March, 2025
Mr. Subrat Mohanty
0.11
0.03
Mr. Munish Sharda
0.07
0.04
Mr. Neeraj Gambhir
0.07

1.9
Leases

Disclosure in respect of assets taken on operating lease

This comprises of branches, office premises/ATMs, cash deposit machines, currency chests, staff quarters, office
and IT equipments.

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Future lease rentals payable as at the end of the year:
1,545.81
1,370.87
4,980.59
4,367.42
5,527.44
5,059.20
Total of minimum lease payments recognised in the Profit and Loss Account for the year
1,897.10
1,803.82

The terms of renewal/purchase options and escalation clauses are those normally prevalent in similar agreements.

There are generally no undue restrictions or onerous clauses in the agreements.

Disclosure in respect of assets given on operating lease

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Gross carrying amount of premises at the end of the year
209.60
Accumulated depreciation at the end of the year
35.91
32.41
Total depreciation charged to profit and loss account for the year
3.49
Future lease rentals receivable as at the end of the year:
30.85
28.66
68.34
81.14
17.02
34.17

1.10 Movement in fixed assets capitalized as application software and intangibles (included in other Fixed Assets)

Movement of fixed assets capitalized as application software

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
5,164.83
4,155.24
659.53
1,148.96
(868.64)
(139.37)
Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March
(3,189.87)
(3,335.14)
1,765.85
1,829.69
Depreciation charge for the year
719.46
677.99

1. includes movement on account of exchange rate fluctuation for assets denominated in foreign currency

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Movement of fixed assets capitalized as intangibles and goodwill

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
11,932.39
-
Accumulated amortisation as at 31 March
11,932.39
-
Amortisation charge for the year
-
1.11 The major components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities arising out of timing differences are as under:

As at
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Deferred tax assets on account of provisions for loan losses / doubtful debts
4,185.90
3,629.94
Deferred tax assets on account of provision for employee benefits
134.59
147.45
Deferred tax assets on Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR)
403.35
189.90
Deferred tax assets on account of depreciation on fixed assets
718.61
-
Deferred tax assets on other items
2,478.97
1,950.03
Deferred tax assets
7,921.42
5,917.32
Deferred tax liabilities on account of depreciation on fixed assets
2.62
84.70
Deferred tax liability on creation of Special Reserve under Income Tax Act [Refer Schedule
2 (V)(A) of Consolidated Balance Sheet]
997.36
863.88
Deferred tax liability on transition gain on MTM of Investments
119.15
115.62
Deferred tax liabilities on interest on income tax refund
-
90.97
Deferred tax liabilities on other items
95.29
147.53
Deferred tax liabilities
1,214.42
1,302.70
Net deferred tax asset
6,707.00
4,614.62
1.12. Employee Benefits

Provident Fund

Group

The contribution to the employee s provident fund (including Employee Pension Scheme) of the Group amounted to
`471.27 crores for the year ended 31 March, 2026 (previous year `460.67 crores).

The rules of the Bank s Provident Fund administered by a Trust require that if the Board of Trustees are unable to
pay interest at the rate declared for Employees Provident Fund by the Government under para 60 of the Employees
Provident Fund Scheme, 1952 for the reason that the return on investment is less or for any other reason, then the
deficiency shall be made good by the Bank.

and funded status and amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet for the Provident Fund benefit plan (including staff
deputed at subsidiaries).

Consolidated Financial Statements

Profit and Loss Account

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Current Service Cost
292.50
288.99
Interest on Defined Benefit Obligation
343.36
324.38
Expected Return on Plan Assets
(427.63)
(385.65)
384.51
4.20
Effect of the limit in Para 59(b) of Accounting Standard - 15
(174.03)
57.07
Total included in Employee Benefit Expense [Schedule 16(I)]
418.71
288.99
Actual Return on Plan Assets
190.09
453.51

Balance Sheet

Details of provision for provident fund

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Fair Value of Plan Assets
5,458.38
5,178.59
Present Value of Funded Obligations
(5,584.59)
(5,004.56)
Net Asset/(Liability)
(126.21)
174.03
Amount not recognized as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of Accounting Standard - 15)
-
(174.03)
Net Asset/(Liability)
(126.21)
-
Amounts in Balance Sheet
Liabilities
126.21
-
Assets
-
Net Asset/(Liability)
(126.21)
-

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in Defined Benefit Obligation
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation
5,004.56
4,402.55
Current Service Cost
292.50
288.99
Interest Cost
343.36
324.38
Actuarial Losses/(Gains)
146.98
72.06
Employees Contribution
483.83
479.87
Liability transferred from/to other companies
(55.53)
(24.13)
Benefits Paid
(631.11)
(539.16)
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation
5,584.59
5,004.56

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in the Fair Value of Assets
Opening Fair Value of Plan Assets
5,178.59
4,519.51
Expected Return on Plan Assets
427.63
385.65
Actuarial Gains/(Losses)
(237.53)
67.86
Employer contribution during the period
292.50
288.99
Employee contribution during the period
483.83
479.87
Assets transferred from/to other companies
(55.53)
(24.13)
Benefits Paid
(631.11)
(539.16)
Closing Fair Value of Plan Assets
5,458.38
5,178.59

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Experience adjustments

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2024
31. March, 2023
31. March, 2022
Defined Benefit Obligations
5,584.59
5,004.56
4,402.55
3,933.75
3,404.21
Plan Assets
5,458.38
5,178.59
4,519.51
4,007.93
3,538.64
Surplus/(Deficit)
(126.21)
174.03
116.96
74.18
134.43
Experience Adjustments on Plan Liabilities
58.96
38.22
19.59
17.24
169.83
Experience Adjustments on Plan Assets
(237.53)
67.86
36.77
(106.74)
270.73

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Government securities
51%
53%
Other debt instruments
13%
11%
Equity shares
13%
Others
23%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount rate for the term of the obligation
6.95%
6.80%
Average historic yield on the investment portfolio
7.83%
8.19%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of the investment portfolio
7.00%
6.80%
Expected investment return
7.78%
8.19%
Guaranteed rate of return
8.25%

Superannuation

The Group contributed `11.77 crores (previous year `15.07 crores) to the superannuation plan for the year. In addition
the Bank holds a provision of `23.06 crores (previous year `30.70 crores) for the eligible employees who had moved to
the Bank as part of the Citibank India consumer business acquisition as they are entitled to receive a lumpsum corpus
amount under a separate Superannuation scheme with vesting criteria of 10 years.

National Pension Scheme (NPS)

During the year, the Group has contributed `29.07 crores (previous year `22.22 crores) to the NPS for employees who
have opted for the scheme.

Leave Encashment

The liability of compensated absences of accumulated privileged leave of the employees of the Group, based on
actuarial valuation is given below.

31. March, 2026
Liability -
Privilege Leave
Total Expenses
included under
Schedule 16(I)
Assumptions
Discount Rate
Salary escalation
rate
0.15
(0.04)
6.77%
7.00%
1.27
0.36
7.11%
8.50%
Freecharge Business And Technology Services
6.52
2.46
6.48%
8.50%

Consolidated Financial Statements

31. March, 2025
Liability -
Privilege Leave
Total Expenses
included under
Schedule 16(I)
Assumptions
Discount Rate
Salary escalation
rate
0.19
0.07
6.54%
7.83%
6.38
2.57
6.59%
8.50%

Gratuity

Group

and funded status and amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet for the Gratuity benefit plan.

Profit and Loss Account

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Current Service Cost
159.57
119.82
Interest on Defined Benefit Obligation
85.24
66.83
Expected Return on Plan Assets
(67.15)
(52.69)
(42.22)
16.39
Losses/(Gains) on Acquisition
-
Past Service Cost
352.90
-
Sub-total
488.34
150.35
Less: Utilisation from prudent provision made in earlier years towards probable impact on
account of Code of Social Security, 2020
(295.66)
-
Total included in Employee Benefit Expense [Refer Schedule 16(1) and note below]
192.68
150.35
Actual Return on Plan Assets
65.41
66.57

On 21 November 2025, the Government of India consolidated 29 existing labour laws into a unified framework of four
Labour Codes (including the Code on Social Security, 2020), collectively referred to as the New Labour Codes . Since
Q3FY21, based on an internal policy, the Bank has been consistently provisioning for gratuity liability, in anticipation
of the implementation of the Code on Social Security, 2020. In Q3FY26, the Bank and its subsidiaries performed
a preliminary assessment of the financial impact of the New Labour Codes based on the draft Central Rules and
FAQs published by the Ministry of Labour and Employment, in line with the guidance from the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India and charged to its Profit and Loss Account an amount of `32.84 crores towards gratuity, primarily
due to changes in the wage definition. The Group continues to monitor the finalization of Central and State rules
relating to the New Labour Codes and will adjust its estimates and provisions in subsequent reporting periods, in
accordance with applicable accounting standards.

Balance Sheet

Details of provision for gratuity

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Present Value of Funded Obligations
(1,519.03)
(1,000.67)
Present Value of un-funded Obligations
(13.72)
(9.03)
Fair Value of Plan Assets
1,372.79
955.00
Unrecognised Past Service Cost
92.18
-
Net Asset/(Liability)
(67.78)
(54.70)
Amounts in Balance Sheet
Liabilities
67.78
54.70
Assets
-
Net Asset/(Liability) (included under Schedule 11 Other Assets /Schedule 5 - Other
Liabilities)
(67.78)
(54.70)

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Change in Defined Benefit Obligation
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation
1,009.70
864.34
Current Service Cost
159.57
119.81
Interest Cost
85.24
66.83
Actuarial Losses/(Gains)
(43.96)
30.28
Past Service Cost
445.08
-
Liabilities transferred in/(out)
0.12
0.45
Benefits Paid
(123.00)
(72.01)
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation
1,532.75
1,009.70

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Opening Fair Value of Plan Assets
955.00
762.04
Expected Return on Plan Assets
67.15
52.69
Actuarial Gains/(Losses)
(1.74)
13.89
Contributions by Employer
474.51
197.68
Assets transferred out/Divestment
0.41
0.54
Benefits Paid
(122.54)
(71.84)
Closing Fair Value of Plan Assets
1,372.79
955.00

Experience adjustments

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
31. March, 2024
31. March, 2023
31. March, 2022
Defined Benefit Obligations
1,532.75
1,009.70
864.34
715.67
581.52
Plan Assets
1,372.79
955.00
762.04
706.72
585.56
Surplus/(Deficit)
(159.96)
(54.70)
(102.30)
(8.95)
4.04
Experience Adjustments on Plan Liabilities
(27.56)
(0.58)
17.34
5.20
29.03
Experience Adjustments on Plan Assets
(1.74)
13.88
(1.68)
(19.11)
9.72

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Government securities
44%
53%
Bonds, debentures and other fixed income instruments
40%
38%
Money market instruments
5%
3%
Equity shares
9%
4%
Balance in bank & others
2%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.95%
6.80%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
7.00%
Salary Escalation Rate
8.00%
Employee Turnover
24.00%
14.00%
8.00%

Consolidated Financial Statements

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Insurer Managed Funds
100.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.77%
6.54%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
6.77%
6.54%
Salary Escalation Rate
7.00%
7.83%
Employee Turnover
21.00%
37.15%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Insurer Managed Funds
100.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.65%
6.70%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
7.00%
Salary Escalation Rate
11.00%
Employee Turnover
15.00% - 20.00%

Axis Securities Ltd.
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Insurer Managed Funds
100.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.75%
6.55%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
7.00%
Salary Escalation Rate
10.00%
Employee Turnover
- 21 to 44 (age in years) (managerial)
23.00%
- 21 to 44 (age in years) (non managerial)
42.00%
45.00%
- 45 to 59 (age in years) (managerial)
17.00%
- 45 to 59 (age in years) (non managerial)
18.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Insurer Managed Funds
100.00%

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
7.27%
6.79%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
7.27%
6.79%
Salary Escalation Rate
7.00%
Employee Turnover
- For service 2 years and below
29.00%
- For service more than 2 years but upto 4 years
11.00%
- For service above 4 years
2.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.59%
6.55%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
Salary Escalation Rate
10.00%
Employee Turnover
22.00%
20.00%

A. Treds Ltd.
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Insurer Managed Funds
100.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.85%
6.75%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
7.00%
Salary Escalation Rate
10.00%
Employee Turnover
24.00%
14.00%
8.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
7.11%
6.59%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
Salary Escalation Rate
8.50%
Employee Turnover
17.00%
30.00%

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.48%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
Salary Escalation Rate
8.50%
Employee Turnover
30.00%

Consolidated Financial Statements

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.65%
6.70%
Expected rate of Return on Plan Assets
N.A
Salary Escalation Rate
8.00%
Employee Turnover
14.00%

The estimates of future salary increases considered in actuarial valuation take account of the inflation, seniority,
promotion and other relevant factors.

The expected rate of return on plan assets is based on the average long-term rate of return expected on investments
of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

As the contribution expected to be paid to the plan during the annual period beginning after the balance sheet date is
based on various internal/external factors, a best estimate of the contribution is not determinable.

Resettlement allowance

Profit and Loss account

During the year ended 31 March, 2026, the Bank wrote back a provision of `1.06 crores (previous year provisions
of `0.21 crores) towards liability in respect of resettlement allowance based on actuarial valuation conducted by an
independent actuary.

Balance Sheet

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Current liability
0.46
Non current liability
2.18
3.24
Net Liability as per actuarial valuation (included under Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities)
2.64
3.70

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Discount Rate
6.95%
6.80%
Salary Escalation Rate
8.00%
Employee Turnover
24.00%
14.00%
8.00%

1.13. Small and Micro Enterprises

Under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 which came into force from 2 October, 2006,
certain disclosures are required to be made relating to Micro, Small and Medium enterprises. Following are the details
of delayed payments to MSMED registered vendors:

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
Principal
Interest
Principal
Interest
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
supplier
43.58
0.00*
11.94
0.01
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16, along with
the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the due date
1.76
0.01
3.07
0.02
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making
payment (which have been paid but beyond the due date during the year) but
without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006
0.29
0.30
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually
paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowed as a deductible
expenditure under Section 23
0.29
0.30

Subsidiaries

Particulars
31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
The Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier
6.43
4.12
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16, along with the amount of
the payment made to the supplier beyond the due date
-
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which
have been paid but beyond the due date during the year) but without adding the interest
specified under MSMED Act, 2006
-
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years,
until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for
the purpose of disallowed as a deductible expenditure under Section 23
-

The above is based on the information available with the Group which has been relied upon by the auditors.
1.14 Provisions and contingencies

Movement in provision for frauds included under other liabilities is set out below:

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
242.69
214.33
54.42
56.88
Reductions on account of payments/reversals during the year
(5.41)
(28.52)
291.70
242.69

Other liabilities include provision for reward points made on actuarial basis, the movement of which
is set out below:

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
1,178.45
997.08
Provision made during the year
1,312.62
1,024.16
(1,271.29)
(842.79)
Closing provision at the end of the year
1,219.78
1,178.45

Consolidated Financial Statements

Movement in provision for other contingencies is set out below:

31. March, 2026
31. March, 2025
7,889.55
7,465.86
Addition during the year1,2
2,381.09
930.86
(532.89)
(507.17)
Closing provision at the end of the year3,4
9,737.75
7,889.55

1.
During the year, the Bank took the initiative to further strengthen its balance sheet by voluntarily enhancing its prudent
provisioning framework for standard assets. In line with this framework, an additional one-time provision of `2,001 crores
was made. This measure is entirely prudent and does not indicate any concerns regarding asset quality or adverse credit
developments in the Bank s loan or investment portfolio as of the reporting date

2.

3.
Closing provision includes provision for legal cases, additional provision for delay in implementation of resolution plan,
provision on AIF investments, provision held under prudent provisioning framework for standard assets and provision for
other contingencies

4.
Includes provision of `7,013 crores (previous year `5,012 crores) held under prudent provisioning framework for standard assets
1.15 Disclosure required as per Ministry of Corporate Affairs notification dated 24 March, 2021

During the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025, other than the transactions undertaken in the normal
course of banking business and in accordance with extant regulatory guidelines and Bank and its subsidiaries internal
policies, as applicable:

1.
the Bank and its subsidiaries has not granted any advance/loans or investments or provided guarantee or
security to any other person(s) or entities with an understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
to further lend or invest on behalf of the Bank or provide guarantee or security or the like to any other person
identified by the Bank.

2.
the Bank and its subsidiaries has not received any funds from any person(s) or entities with an understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Bank shall further lend or invest or provide guarantee or
security or the like in any other person on behalf of and identified by such person(s)/entities.
1.16 Expenses exceeding 1% of the total income

Details of items under other expenditure (Schedule 16 - Operating Expenses) exceeding 1% of total income of the
Group are given below:

Nature of Expense
1.
Commission paid to Direct Sales Agents (DSA)
3,037.99
2.
2,685.03
3.
1,743.53
4.
Cashback charges
1,657.71

Nature of Expense
1.
Commission paid to Direct Sales Agents (DSA)
2,766.48
2.
1,629.80
3.
Cashback charges
1,594.58
4.
1,589.06

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1.17 Additional information pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013

Additional information to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2026 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013):

Net assets as of 31 March, 2026
31. March, 2026
Amount1
As % of
Amount1
As % of
Parent
204,194.26
95.61%
24,456.66
92.69%
Subsidiaries
1,412.07
0.66%
258.96
0.98%
132.78
0.06%
40.66
0.15%
2.47
0.00%*
0.74
0.00%*
2,957.39
1.38%
596.21
2.26%
Axis U.K. Limited
5.83
0.00%*
0.98
0.00%*
6,188.99
2.90%
805.61
3.05%
2,253.44
1.06%
366.12
1.39%
153.90
0.07%
(3.64)
(0.01%)
173.95
0.08%
(56.27)
(0.21%)
116.46
0.05%
44.06
0.17%
Step down Subsidiaries
56.89
0.03%
(1.36)
(0.01%)
Axis Capital USA LLC
5.76
0.00%*
0.10
0.00%*
Minority Interest
798.19
0.37%
(163.06)
(0.62%)
Associate
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited
-
54.09
0.20%

* less than 0.005%

1.
Amounts are before inter-company adjustments

2.
Consolidated net assets are total assets minus total liabilities including minority interest and Employees Stock Options/
Units Outstanding

Additional information to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2025 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013):
Net assets as of 31 March, 2025
31. March, 2025
Amount1
As % of
Amount1
As % of
Parent
178,616.95
96.00%
26,373.48
94.01%
Subsidiaries
1,153.10
0.62%
160.54
0.57%
107.12
0.06%
21.55
0.08%
1.73
0.00%*
0.57
0.00%
2,361.17
1.27%
500.68
1.78%
Axis U.K. Limited
4.38
0.00%*
0.34
0.00%
5,363.83
2.88%
676.14
2.41%
1,887.32
1.01%
418.78
1.49%
349.38
0.19%
(42.29)
(0.15%)
38.39
0.02%
(1.61)
(0.01%)
72.40
0.04%
37.62
0.13%
Step down Subsidiaries
58.25
0.03%
(3.86)
(0.01%)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Net assets as of 31 March, 2025
31. March, 2025
Amount1
As % of
Amount1
As % of
Axis Capital USA LLC
5.09
0.00%
0.12
0.00%
Minority Interest
635.13
0.34%
(135.69)
(0.48%)
Associate
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited
-
79.06
0.28%

* less than 0.005%

1.
Amounts are before inter-company adjustments

2.
Consolidated net assets are total assets minus total liabilities including minority interest and Employees Stock Options/
Units Outstanding
1.18 Description of contingent liabilities
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts

These represent claims filed against the Group in the normal course of business relating to various legal cases currently
in progress. These also include demands raised by tax authorities and other statutory authorities which are disputed by
the Group. The Group holds provision of `935.74 crores as on 31 March, 2026 (previous year `904.76 crores) towards
claims assessed as probable.

This represents amounts remaining unpaid towards liability for partly paid investments.
Liability on account of forward exchange contracts

The Group enters into foreign exchange contracts, including non-deliverable forward (NDF) contracts on its own
account and on OTC for customers. Forward exchange contracts are commitments to buy or sell foreign currency at a
future date at the contracted rate. A non-deliverable forward contract is a currency derivatives contract to exchange
cash flows between the contracted forward exchange rate and prevailing spot rates. The amount of contingent liability
represents the notional principal of respective forward exchange contracts. With respect to the transactions entered
into with its customers, the Bank generally enters into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in
generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the
portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.
Liability on account of derivative contracts

The Group enters into derivative contracts in the form of currency options/swaps, exchange traded currency options,
Non-deliverable derivatives and interest rate/ currency futures on its own account and on OTC for customers.
Currency swaps are commitments between two counterparties to exchange streams of interest payments and/or
principal amounts in different currencies on specified dates over the duration of the swap at a pre-agreed exchange
rate. Interest rate swaps are commitments to exchange fixed and floating interest rate cash flows. Interest rate futures
are standardised, exchange-traded contracts that represent a pledge to undertake a certain interest rate transaction
at a specified price, on a specified future date. Forward rate agreements (FRA) are financial contracts between two
counterparties, in which a buyer will pay or receive, on the settlement date, the difference between a pre-determined
fixed rate (FRA rate) and a reference interest rate, applied on a notional principal amount, for a specified forward period.
A foreign currency option is an agreement between two parties in which one grants to the other the right to buy or sell a
specified amount of currency at a specific price within a specified time period or at a specified future time. An Exchange
Traded Currency Option contract is a standardised foreign exchange derivative contract, which gives the buyer the
right, but not the obligation, to exchange money denominated in one currency into another currency at a pre-agreed
exchange rate on a specified date on the date of expiry. Non-deliverable derivative means an OTC foreign exchange
derivative contract in which there is no delivery of the notional amount of the underlying currencies of the contract and
which is cash settled. Currency Futures contract is a standardised, exchange-traded contract, to buy or sell a certain

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
underlying currency at a certain date in the future, at a specified price. The amount of contingent liability represents the
notional principal of respective derivative contracts. With respect to the transactions entered into with its customers,
the Bank generally enters into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher
number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net
market risk is lower.

As a part of its banking activities, the Bank issues guarantees on behalf of its customers to enhance their credit standing.
Guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will make payments in the event of the customer failing to
fulfil its financial or performance obligations. These are stated net of cash margin held with the Bank as on the reporting
date in Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities of the Balance Sheet.

These include documentary credit issued by the Bank on behalf of its customers and bills drawn by the Bank s customers
that are accepted or endorsed by the Bank. These are stated net of cash margin held with the Bank as on the reporting
date in Schedule 12 - Contingent Liabilities of the Balance Sheet.
Other items for which the Group is contingently liable

Other items represent outstanding amount of bills rediscounted by the Bank, estimated amount of contracts remaining
to be executed on capital account, notional principal on account of outstanding Tom/ Spot foreign exchange contracts,
contracts for purchase of investments where settlement is due post balance sheet date, deed of indemnity issued
to liquidator of overseas subsidiary, contingent liability relating to undertakings issued towards settlements under
resolution plan in respect of non-performing assets, commitments towards underwriting and investment in equity
through bids under Initial Public Offering (IPO) of corporates, commitment for investment in Associate entity and the
amount transferred to Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEAF).
The Group has a process whereby periodically all long term contracts (including derivative contracts) are assessed for
material foreseeable losses. At the year end, the Group has reviewed and recorded adequate provision as required under
any law/accounting standards for material foreseeable losses on such long term contracts (including derivative contracts) in
the books of account and disclosed the same under the relevant notes in the financial statements, where applicable.
2.
Previous year figures have been regrouped and reclassified, where necessary to conform to current year s presentation.
For M M Nissim & Co LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 107122W/W100672
Chartered Accountants
N. S. Vishwanathan
Independent Director &
Part-time Chairman
DIN: 09568559
Sanjay Khemani
Partner
Membership No.: 044577
Amitabh Chaudhry
Managing Director & CEO
DIN: 00531120
Girish Paranjpe
Director
DIN: 02172725
Pranam Wahi
Director
DIN: 00031914
For KKC & Associates LLP
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105146W/W100621
Chartered Accountants
Meena Ganesh
Director
DIN: 00528252
Mini Ipe
Director
DIN: 07791184
Puneet Sharma
Chief Financial Officer
Gautam Shah
Partner
Membership No.: 117348
Sandeep Poddar
Company Secretary
Date: 25 April, 2026
Place: Mumbai

Consolidated Financial Statements
Form AOC-1
Statement pursuant to first proviso to Sub-Section (3) of Section 129 read with rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
Statement containing salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures
Part A : Subsidiaries
As on/For the year ended 31st March 2026
Axis
Capital
Axis
Trustee
Services
Axis Mutual
Fund
Trustee Ltd.
Axis Asset
Management
Axis U.K. Ltd.
(Refer Note a)
Axis
Finance
Axis
Securities
Freecharge
Payment
Technologies
Private Ltd.
Freecharge
Business and
Technology
Services Ltd.
Axis Capital
USA LLC
(Refer Note b)
Axis Pension
Fund
Management
The date since when subsidiary was acquired
6 October,
Reporting currency and exchange rate as on the last
date of the relevant financial year in the case of foreign
USD (US$ 1 =
`94.835)
USD (US$ 1 =
`94.835)
Share capital
73.50
1.50
0.05
210.11
4.74
693.57
150.83
65.00
1,763.70
663.21
6.69
80.00
Reserves & surplus
1,338.57
131.28
2.43
2,747.27
1.09
5,495.42
2,102.61
51.45
(1,609.80)
(489.27)
(0.93)
(23.11)
Total assets (Fixed Assets + Investments + Other Assets)
3,444.49
155.61
2.69
3,137.74
10.86
48,786.16
9,713.48
155.60
211.63
227.00
5.94
62.72
Total liabilities (Deposits + Borrowings + Other Liabilities
+ Provisions)
2,032.42
22.83
0.21
180.36
5.03
42,597.17
7,460.04
39.15
57.73
53.06
0.18
5.83
Investments
969.66
34.45
2.32
2,853.69
-
1,415.61
60.46
-
15.59
52.19
4.90
55.79
Turnover (Total Income)
846.23
77.45
2.25
1,478.21
0.16
5,211.44
1,513.11
124.30
116.72
220.25
2.41
16.40
Profit/(Loss) before taxation
353.25
45.27
0.98
800.57
0.98
1,085.32
489.12
59.54
(4.42)
(74.88)
0.10
(1.36)
Provision for taxation
94.29
4.62
0.24
204.36
-
279.71
123.00
15.48
(0.77)
(18.61)
-
Profit/(Loss) after taxation
258.96
40.65
0.74
596.21
0.98
805.61
366.12
44.06
(3.65)
(56.27)
0.10
(1.36)
Proposed Dividend and Tax (including cess thereon)
(Refer Note c)
-
15.00
-
% of shareholding
100%
75%
100%
67%
100%
47.27%
The audited/unaudited financial statements of the above subsidiaries and step down subsidiaries have been drawn up to the same reporting date as that of the Bank, i.e. 31 March, 2026.
Notes
Asset/Liability items are stated in INR equivalent of USD ($1 = `94.835 as on 31 March, 2026). Profit and loss items reported in INR based on rates prevailing on the date of transactions.
Axis Capital USA LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Axis Capital Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Axis Bank Ltd.). Asset/Liability items are stated in INR equivalent of USD
($1 = `94.835 as on 31 March, 2026). Profit and loss items are stated in INR equivalent of average rate during financial year ended 31 March 2026.
In terms of revised Accounting Standard (AS) 4 Contingencies and Events occurring after the Balance sheet date as notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs through amendment to
Companies (Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016, dated 30 March, 2016, proposed dividend has not been recognised as a liability by the subsidiaries as on 31 March, 2026.
1.
Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Nil
2.
Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil

F. I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Part B : Associates
Name of Associates
Axis Max Life
Insurance Ltd.
1.
Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
31. December, 2025
2.
Date on which the Associate was associated or acquired
6. April, 2021
3.
Shares of Associate held by Axis Bank Group at 31 March, 2026

Number of equity shares
392,024,831

Amount of Investment in Associate
2,367.35

Extent of Holding %
19.02%
4.
Description of how there is significant influence
Note 3
5.
Reason why the Associate is not consolidated
6.
Net Worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet
6,125.60
7.
Profit/(Loss) for the year

Considered in Consolidation
54.09

Not considered in Consolidation
230.29
Note
1.
Names of Associate which is yet to commence operations: Nil
2.
Names of Associate which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil
3.
As per Accounting Standard 23 issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), Axis Group is deemed to have significant influence
through its voting power and representation on the Board of directors of the investee company.
Part C : Joint Ventures - Not applicable

Basel III Disclosures
As at 31 March, 2026
In accordance with RBI guidelines, banks are required to make Pillar 3 disclosures including leverage ratio and liquidity
coverage ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) under the Basel III framework. The Bank has made these disclosures
which are available on its website at the following link:
https://www.axis.bank.in/shareholders-corner/regulatory-disclosure

Notes

Registered office
'Trishul', 3rd Floor,
Opp. Samartheshwar Temple,
Ahmedabad - 380 006
Tel. No.: 079-6630 6161
Corporate office
Axis Bank Limited, Axis House,
Pandurang Budhkar Marg,
Worli, Mumbai - 400 025.
Tel. No.: 022-2425 2525
Fax No.: 022-2425 1800