YEARS OF THE BAJAJ GROUP
ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26

CONTENTS
19th ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Board of Directors
Chairman s
Letter
Directors Report
(including Annual Report
on CSR activities)
Standalone Financial
Statements
General Shareholder Information
Management Team
Management
Discussion & Analysis
Corporate
Governance
Consolidated Financial
Statements
NON-FINANCIALS
FINANCIALS

100. Years of Bajaj Group
Board of Directors
Niraj Bajaj, Chairman
Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director and CEO
Sanjiv Bajaj
Pradeep Shrivastava, Executive Director
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Anami N. Roy
Rakesh Sharma, Executive Director
(Joint Managing Director w.e.f. 01 June 2026)
Pradip Shah
Abhinav Bindra
Vinita Bali
Dr. Sangita Reddy
Audit Committee
Anami N. Roy, Chairman
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Pradip Shah
Vinita Bali
Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
Pradip Shah, Chairman
Niraj Bajaj
Abhinav Bindra
Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
Dr. Naushad Forbes, Chairman
Niraj Bajaj
Abhinav Bindra
Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee
Rajiv Bajaj, Chairman
Pradeep Shrivastava
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Abhinav Bindra
Vinita Bali
Risk Management Committee
Anami N. Roy, Chairman
Pradip Shah
Dinesh Thapar
Duplicate Share Certificate
Issuance Committee
Rajiv Bajaj, Chairman
Pradeep Shrivastava
Rakesh Sharma
Management
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director and CEO
Pradeep Shrivastava
Executive Director
Rakesh Sharma
Executive Director
Abraham Joseph
Managing Director,
S. Ravikumar
Chief Business Development Officer
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Ravi Kyran Ramasamy
Chief Human Resources Officer
Kailash Zanzari
Chief Product Officer
Ramtilak Ananthan
Chief Technology Officer
Vijay Jerome
Chief Digital & Information Officer
Baminee Viswanat
General Counsel
Kevin D sa
Managing Director,
Sarang Kanade
President (Motorcycle Business)
Samardeep Subandh
President (Intra-City Business)
K. S Grihapathy
President (Export Business)
Eric Vas
President (Urbanite Business)
Manik Nangia
President (Probiking Business)
Sumeet Narang
President (Central Marketing)
C. P Tripathi
Advisor (CSR)
Company Secretary and
Compliance Officer
Rajiv Gandhi
Auditors
S. R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Secretarial Auditor
Makarand M. Joshi & Co.
Practicing Company Secretaries
Cost Auditor
R.B. Laddha & Co.
Cost Accountants
Bankers
Citibank N A
Standard Chartered Bank
ICICI Bank
HDFC Bank
JPMorgan Chase Bank
Bank of America
DBS Bank
HSBC Bank
Axis Bank
State Bank of India
Registered Office
CIN: L65993PN2007PLC130076
Works

Bajaj Nagar,

Chhatrapati

Sambhajinagar 431 136.

Chakan Plant-1 - Plot No. A1,

Chakan Industrial Area,

Village Mahalunge, Chakan,

Pune 410 501.

Chakan Plant-2 - Plot No. E2,

Chakan Industries Area,

Village Nanekarwadi,

Chakan, Pune 410 501.

Plot No.2, Sector 10,

IIE Pantnagar,

Udhamsinghnagar,

Uttarakhand 263 153

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Niraj R. Bajaj
Chairman

PRADEEP SHRIVASTAVA
RAJIV BAJAJ
S. RAVIKUMAR
RAKESH SHARMA
DINESH THAPAR
ABRAHAM JOSEPH
RAVI KYRAN RAMASAMY
MANAGEMENT
TEAM

RAMTILAK ANANTHAN
SARANG KANADE
ERIC VAS
BAMINEE VISWANAT
SAMARDEEP SUBANDH
MANIK NANGIA
KEVIN D'SA
K. S GRIHAPATHY
SUMEET NARANG
KAILASH ZANZARI
VIJAY JEROME
C. P TRIPATHI

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
CHAIRMAN S
LETTER
FY2026 has been a stellar
year for your Company in
more ways than one, with
record results on all counts
across volumes, revenue,
profits and cash generation.
Dear Shareholders,
IT gives me immense pleasure to write to you and share the highlights of what has been yet another landmark
year for your Company and which comes at a time when we celebrate a truly historic centennial milestone -
100 years of the Bajaj Group.
As I reflect on this moment, I do so with a deep sense of pride, gratitude and responsibility. What began a
century ago as a journey rooted in enterprise, trust and nation-building has today evolved into one of India s
most respected business groups. Bajaj Auto, as the flagship Company that started IT all, continues to carry
forward that legacy with purpose and conviction.

FY2026 has been a stellar year for your Company in more ways than one, with record results on all counts
across volumes, revenue, profits and cash generation.
In a year marked by heightened geopolitical uncertainty, commodity inflation, supply chain disruptions and a
rapidly shifting global environment, your Company delivered its best-ever financial and operating performance.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
What is particularly pleasing is the fact that this is the fourth successive year when the business has registered new
highs, surpassing its past - reinforcing the resilience of our business model, the strength of our brands, the agility of
our teams and our ability to adapt and grow even when external conditions remain challenging.
Let me highlight some of the key financial achievements of the year:
1. Your Company scaled new heights during the year, delivering its highest-ever annual volumes at over 5 million
units, overtaking its previous peak set several years ago.
2. Standalone revenue came in at nearly H 59,000 crore, the highest ever in the history of your Company, growing
strongly at 17% over the previous year and powered by record performances across domestic and export
businesses in both vehicles and spares. Consolidated revenue stood at nearly H 63,000 crore, up a solid
23% year on year.
3. EBITDA crossed H 12,000 crore for the first time, while EBITDA margins remained robust at 20.5%, reflecting the
disciplined and dynamic P&L management through the year, where every lever of judicious pricing, cost savings/
efficiencies, richer mix and operating leverage was brought into action to sustain the industry-leading margin
performance alongside making competitive investments.
4. Standalone Profit after Tax reached a new peak at H 9,825 crore, registering healthy double-digit growth and
underscoring the quality and sustainability of earnings. Consolidated Profit after Tax stood at H 10,744 crore, up
47% over previous year.
5. Free Cash Flow generation remained exceptionally strong at over H 8,000 crore, reflecting the robust cash
conversion of your Company that enables IT to continue investing behind future growth opportunities while
maintaining a very healthy Balance Sheet with surplus cash of over H 18,000 crore.
6. During the year, your Company invested meaningfully across strategic priorities - notably on growing its
presence in electric mobility, scaling up its financing business through Bajaj Auto Credit, sharpening its R&D
capabilities through Bajaj Auto Technology, acquiring and assuming control over the KTM group, while widening
its portfolio/footprint to leverage both domestic and international growth opportunities.
7. In recognition of the Bajaj Group s centenary year and Bajaj Auto s position as the flagship Company, the Board
approved a payout of 100% of the Profit after Tax for the year to shareholders, through a combination of dividend
and share buyback, amounting to nearly H 10,000 crore. This reflects our continued commitment to rewarding
our shareholders from time to time commensurate with the growth and performance of the Company.
What makes this achievement very satisfying is that IT was broad-based across every dimension of the business -
domestic and exports, two-wheelers and three-wheelers, ICE and electric - reflecting the versatility of the
Bajaj Auto business.
While the domestic business remained resilient, exports gathered strong momentum during the year and emerged
as a major growth driver. This ability of one engine to compensate when another slows is a defining strength of your
Company and an important reason behind the consistency of our performance over time.
Another defining feature of FY2026 was the rapid scale-up and strengthening of our electric mobility business. From
not having a business on this front up to a few years ago to now emerging decisively as a foremost player that has
market leadership positions and is profitable, bears testimony to exceptional agility, sharp execution capability and
technological prowess of Bajaj Auto. With this, your Company retains its position as India s largest electric 2W+3W
player on a combined basis, a distinction IT secured in the previous year.
Across our businesses, there is much to cheer about:
Our Domestic business delivered another year of record revenue, led by strong performances across premium
motorcycles, commercial vehicles and electric mobility. We saw momentum step up and a particularly solid show
in the second half of the year, buoyed by the rationalization of GST rates and sharp festive season execution.

Within motorcycles, the strategically important 125cc+ segment continued to remain the key growth driver
for the industry. We saw encouraging momentum in the sports motorcycle category led by the refreshed
Pulsar portfolio, with new variants and upgrades receiving strong customer acceptance across markets.
Pulsar, having scaled a new pinnacle yet again, continues to remain at the forefront as one of India s most
admired and trusted motorcycle brands.

NON-FINANCIALS
CHAIRMAN S LETTER
100. Years of Bajaj Group

The premium motorcycle business under KTM and Triumph delivered its best ever performance during
the year. Supported by portfolio expansion, network growth and impactful activation, the brands together
set new milestones while strengthening our position at the top end of the motorcycle market.

Chetak volumes crossed new highs during the year, supported by an expanded portfolio, wider
availability and increasing customer trust in the brand, that has come to be recognized as one of
India s leading and trusted electric scooters. What I find truly heartening in this record performance
is how the business staged a strong recovery in the second half of the year after being setback by the
rare earth disruption earlier on, as swift engineering interventions and agility in the backend enabled
improved availability of supplies.

In Commercial Vehicles, your Company crossed the historic milestone of over 5 lakh units for the full
year for the first time. The ICE franchise remains strong while the electric three-wheeler business
scaled rapidly to exit the year with segment leadership. Today, our electric three-wheeler business
has the widest portfolio and service footprint in the country, replicating the trust, reliability and quality
that the Bajaj three-wheelers have come to be known for over the years. Your Company also made
its foray into the e-Rickshaw category with the launch of Riki during the year and is enthused by the
large and attractive addressable market opportunity that lies ahead.
Exports delivered a strong comeback, reaching new highs on revenue and emerging as one of the biggest
highlights of the year.

Volumes crossed the important milestone of over 2 lakh units per month during the year after a
prolonged gap, underlining the rebound in overseas markets and our strong competitive performance.

Latin America sustained its remarkable momentum and delivered yet another record year, with our
brands continuing to enjoy deep trust and preference among customers.

Several Asian markets including Sri Lanka, Nepal and the Philippines recorded strong growth, while
the recovery in Nigeria showed encouraging signs of stability.

Exports of KTM motorcycles from India also revived during the year after a period of disruption that
was caused by the restructuring proceedings in Austria.

Brazil scaled up significantly during the year supported by augmented manufacturing capacity,
successful product introductions and a growing network presence. IT is particularly gratifying to see
the encouraging acceptance of our products in such a competitive market despite being a relatively
late entrant.
Our spares business delivered another year of record revenue and profitability, driven by sharper
execution, improved service levels and strong channel partnerships.
Looking at our key subsidiaries, Bajaj Auto Credit Limited has made very impressive progress, having scaled
rapidly and emerged as a key strategic enabler for the parent Company business. The financing Company
remained steadfast in meaningfully expanding its customer franchise, delivering compelling propositions for
its customers and building future ready capabilities with a digital first mindset while delivering strong
returns and maintaining healthy asset quality. Assets Under Management grew ~2X to H 18,835 crore as of
31 March 2026, Total Income stood at H 3,248 crore, up >3X and Profit After Tax at H 665 crore surged >11X,
all over previous year. In its second year of effective operations, the business has delivered an industry-
leading return on equity of 23% and enjoys the highest level of creditworthiness with AAA/Stable long-term
debt ratings, and A1+ for its short-term debt programs.

On KTM, following the intense self-administration/restructuring process that the Company in Austria
underwent earlier in the year, your Company stepped in to acquire a controlling stake and take charge
of its revival. Since acquiring control in November 2025, we have worked closely with the Austrian team
on capital backing, strengthening governance, reconstituting the Board, and putting in place a renewed
Executive Leadership team with a clear mandate for owning/executing a roadmap that envisages a broad
range of strategic actions to reboot and turnaround the business. Together, these actions are helping restore
confidence among key stakeholders and laying the foundation for the Company's long-term recovery. While
the turnaround remains work in progress, IT is well underway, and we remain confident in the enduring
strength of the KTM brand, its global customer franchise and its ability to return, over time, to the level of
performance for which IT has long been known.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
On the Operations front, our plants continued to be guided by the principles and philosophy of TPM to achieve
excellence, enhanced productivity, world-class quality, all at optimised cost. In FY2026, the Pantnagar plant
was honoured with the prestigious 'Advanced Special Award for TPM Achievement' by the Japan Institute of
Plant Maintenance (JIPM), and your Company received the 'TPM Excellence Award - TPM Excellent Case Study
Commendation' from JIPM for the second consecutive year. Notably, Chakan-II, the youngest plant of the BAL
family, successfully conducted its TPM Kick-Off ceremony during the year, taking its first step towards excellence.
Equally encouraging has been the progress made on the People front, where several initiatives are helping
shape a stronger and more responsive organisation. I had mentioned Project Velocity in my previous letter
to you. Over the last year, Project Velocity implementation has shown visible results in organisation-wide
alignment of our objectives, enhanced cross-functional collaboration, and greater execution agility. Feedback
from our engagement survey, corroborates this progress as scores related to alignment of objectives, access
to leadership, timely collaboration and speed of execution have all increased, and with attributes of pride and
advocacy at leading levels.
We have made concerted efforts over the years towards attracting a diverse talent pool. I am happy to share
with you that currently close to 17% of our talent is women, who excel across domains - Manufacturing, R&D,
Business Units and Sales, across levels. Your Company remains strongly committed to staying the course on
building diversity and inclusion across the organisation.
As I reflect at the year gone by, one aspect that stands out for me is the balance your Company has
maintained between performance today and preparation for tomorrow. We are not only growing our existing
businesses competitively and profitably but also decisively investing behind laying the foundations for future
growth and future readying the organisation.
Beyond our organisational priorities, we continue to uphold the Bajaj Group's long-standing commitment to
societal development and nation-building through focused CSR interventions. As you know, Bajaj Beyond is the
Bajaj Group's identity for skilling and social impact. Bajaj Auto Foundation, the CSR arm of Bajaj Auto, brings
together skilling initiatives that span the education continuum - from schools, ITIs and polytechnics to engineering
institutions - while maintaining a strong focus on increasing women's participation in technical fields.
IT is immensely gratifying to see how this is shaping and scaling up. We have impacted over 3,000 engineering
students by setting up state-of-the-art laboratories in partnership with leading institutions through the Bajaj
Engineering Skills Training (BEST) initiative. Our commitment to nurturing women talent in Engineering is
accelerated through the Rupa Rahul Bajaj Scholarship for Women in Engineering (RRBSWE), a H 400 crore
commitment that we have made over a decade. In the inaugural cohort, 506 women scholars received
scholarships of up to H 8 lakh, along with holistic development support. Our online learning programme,
Bajaj Manufacturing Systems (BMS), has reached over 1.5 lakh ITI students. Building on this foundation,
we also have a future-ready service technician programme that is generating employment opportunities
for school and college dropouts, with nearly 30% women participation.
As we look ahead to FY2027, the external environment remains volatile, uncertain and complex.
Geopolitical developments, commodity inflation, supply chain disruptions and shifts in global trade dynamics
are creating challenges in the operating environment, that are particularly pronounced as we start the new
financial year. At the same time, the opportunities before us across markets and segments remain very
significant and offer substantial headroom for growth.
India continues to be one of the world s fastest growing major economies, with almost unparalleled long-term
potential across both domestic consumption and electric mobility.
The uptick/rebound across overseas markets augurs well for your Company that is a foremost exporter from
the country and a shining example of a Company that not just Makes in India for India but also Makes in India
for 100+ countries the world over.
Accordingly, our priorities for the year ahead remain clear:
1. Strengthening competitiveness in the strategically important 125cc+ domestic motorcycle segment
through brand/product interventions and sharper in-market execution
2. Accelerating momentum on KTM and Triumph brands, given the step change in their growth trajectories
3. Turbo charging Chetak while driving its strong product proposition, market leadership and
improved profitability

NON-FINANCIALS
CHAIRMAN S LETTER
100. Years of Bajaj Group
4. Sustaining our unparalleled competitive position on commercial vehicles whilst decisively expanding
segment leadership in electric three-wheelers and scaling up our recent foray into e-rickshaws
5. Stepping up exports even further given the recovery across key international markets, whilst navigating
the challenges/disruptions in global logistics
6. Derisking supply constraints through capacity expansion (particularly for the electric portfolio and
premium bikes) along with development of alternate materials/sources
7. Continuing to invest sufficiently behind differentiated product innovation, impactful brand activation and
superior customer experience
8. Scaling up strategic growth enablers including Bajaj Auto Credit (vehicle financing) and
Bajaj Auto Technology (R&D)
9. Staying the course on the strategic actions to drive the turnaround of KTM and its return to sustainable
financial performance
10. Maintaining the focus on dynamic P&L and performance management to drive consistent, competitive and
profitable growth against the backdrop of emerging challenges in the operating environment
As we celebrate 100 years of the Bajaj Group, this moment is also an opportunity to acknowledge the values
that have guided us through generations - integrity, trust, courage, entrepreneurship and commitment to
nation-building.
India itself has transformed dramatically over this century. To have participated in that journey in some
measure - by creating high quality products, generating employment, serving customers across the world
and contributing to the country s industrial and societal progress - is both a privilege and a responsibility
that we deeply value.
On behalf of all our shareholders, I extend my appreciation to our Managing Director and CEO, Rajiv Bajaj, for
his leadership, to the management team, and to every member of the Bajaj Auto family across plants, offices,
and geographies whose commitment and efforts power the organization every single day. I congratulate all of
them for delivering a record performance yet again.
I also wish to acknowledge the integral contribution of our partners, our vendors, distributors, dealers,
service providers and many more in the wider ecosystem who stand shoulder to shoulder with us in serving
millions of customers across India and the world. I thank all of them and would like them to know we deeply
appreciate these relationships.
And finally, to you, our shareholders - thank you for your unwavering trust and encouragement through the
years. IT means a lot.
As we step into the next century of the Bajaj journey, we do so with confidence, humility and a deep sense of
responsibility to continue creating enduring value for all our stakeholders.
Yours sincerely,
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
MANAGEMENT
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS
According to the IMF s World Economic Outlook (April 2026), global growth is projected at 3.1% in 2026,
increasing marginally to 3.2% in 2027, supported by easing inflation and stable financial conditions.
Global headline inflation is forecast to decline from 4.4% in 2026 to 3.7% in 2027. However, the external
environment remains fragile, with intermittent flare ups in trade policy and geopolitics continuing to
shape risk sentiment and capital flows.
Geopolitical risks have intensified, particularly due to escalating tensions in the Middle East, including
Iran-related developments, which pose upside risks to energy prices and could reignite global
inflationary pressures. Simultaneously, US-China trade relations remain uncertain, shaped by selective
tariff adjustments, export controls in strategic sectors such as semiconductors and rare earths, and
evolving bilateral arrangements.
Against this backdrop, India continues to exhibit macroeconomic resilience. As per the IMF projections,
India s growth is expected to moderate to 6.5% in both 2026 and 2027, following an estimated 7.6%
expansion in 2025. India remains the fastest growing major economy, underpinned by resilient
domestic demand, with private final consumption expenditure accounting for nearly 56% of GDP
in FY2026, according to the second advance estimates released by the Ministry of Statistics &
Programme Implementation (MoSPI).
For FY2026 and up to now, inflation dynamics in India have been benign, which has created space for
calibrated monetary easing. CPI inflation declined sharply through 2025, reaching a trough of 0.25% in
October 2025 before inching up to 3.4% in March 2026, well below the inflation target band. In
response, the RBI initiated a calibrated easing cycle, cumulatively reducing the repo rate from 6.0% to
5.25% by April 2026 to support growth while maintaining macroeconomic stability.
On the external front, the current account deficit narrowed to 0.8% of GDP in the first half of FY2026,
supported by strong services exports, providing a buffer against global volatility.
Against this macroeconomic backdrop, Bajaj Auto Ltd. (BAL) continued to demonstrate resilient
operational and financial performance, supported by strong domestic demand, benefits arising from
GST rationalisation, sustained export recovery, and continued premiumisation across segments.
Here are some data.
Global Growth Rates
3.1%
3.2%
3.4%
India Growth Rates
7.6%
6.5%

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
BAJAJ AUTO'S FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE FY2026
EBITDA margin was at 20.5% - up 30 basis points versus the previous year.
Surplus cash and cash equivalent as on 31 March 2026 at J 18,137 crore, which was
6.7% more than previous year, after investing ~ J 500 crore in CAPEX, J 2,300+ crore
in strategic bets (BACL and BAIH BV) and ~ J 5,900 crore to shareholders as dividend.
The Board of Directors have recommended a Final Dividend of J 150 per share
and Share Buyback through tender offer route. The combined payout from the
dividend and buyback amounts to J 9,825 crore, equivalent to 100% of the
Profit after tax for the year.
Recorded highest ever:
J 58,732 crore
growth of 17.4%
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA):
J 12,019 crore
growth of 19.0%
Profit before tax (PBT)
J 13,072 crore
growth of 18.3%
Profit after tax (PAT)
J 9,825 crore
growth of 20.5%

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
EBITDA Margin (As a % of
revenue from operations)
Chart A: Revenue, EBITDA, Margin % and Profit after Tax
70,000
PAT
60,000
50,000
40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000
FY2019
FY2020
FY2021
FY2022
FY2023
FY2024
FY2025
FY2026
0.0
5.0
10.0
15.0
20.0
25.0
EBITDA
EBITDA %
Revenue from operations (D In Crore)
30,358
5,195
17.1%
17.0%
17.8%
15.9%
18.0%
19.7%
20.2%
20.5%
29,918
5,099
27,741
4,932
33,145
5,261
36,428
6,551
44,685
8,825
10,101
58,732
12,019
50,010
4,675
5,100
4,555
5,019
5,628
7,479
8,151
9,825
Domestic Motorcycles
The domestic motorcycles industry recorded growth of 6.6% in FY2026, totaling approximately
13.1 million units, the highest since FY2019. IT was, however, a year of two distinct halves. The April-
August period was largely flat, with the industry recording a marginal decline as consumer demand
remained subdued. The GST rationalisation in September 2025 reducing the rate on motorcycles up to
350cc from 28% to 18%, triggered a brief pause ahead of price cuts, followed by a sharp acceleration in
the second half, with the festive season delivering record retail performance and broad-based double-
digit industry growth through year-end. Bajaj Auto's motorcycle business unit delivered its all-time high
retail performance in the festive period.
To contextualise the Company s performance within the broader domestic motorcycle industry, Table 1
presents a five-year comparative analysis of market volumes, Bajaj Auto s sales growth, and market
share trends.
Table 1: Domestic Sale of Motorcycles (in numbers)
Year ended 31 March
Market (nos.)
Market growth
BAL (nos.)
BAL s growth
BAL s market share
8,984,186
-10.3%
1,632,897
-9.7%
18.2%
10,230,502
13.9%
1,769,575
8.4%
17.3%
11,653,237
13.9%
2,121,491
19.9%
18.2%
12,252,305
5.1%
2,031,066
-4.3%
16.6%
13,064,789
6.6%
2,043,316
0.6%
15.6%

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
As can be seen, Bajaj Auto s domestic motorcycle sales in FY2026 grew by 0.6% to marginally over
2 million units. The Company s share in the domestic motorcycle market declined from 16.6% in
FY2025 to 15.6% in FY2026, driven by varying growth dynamics across segments and heightened
competitive intensity, particularly in the entry and mid-commuter categories.
Bajaj Auto continues to remain committed to growing its 125cc+ segment which is of strategic
importance to the Company and the segment now contributes 77.5% of total motorcycle sales. During
the year, the Company has undertaken a series of pricing and product interventions, including the
revamp and expansion of the Pulsar portfolio, to strengthen competitiveness and improve market
penetration across key segments.
Key Highlights
l Domestic motorcycle revenue reached a new peak, driven by double-digit growth in the sports
segment, with the highest-ever volumes recorded for the strategically important 125cc+ segment.
l Pulsar scaled new heights, surpassing H11,000 crore in domestic revenue (>H16,500 crore
globally) and achieving record global volumes, powered by a series of product refreshes and
sharp in-market activation.
l KTM-Triumph duo delivered highest-ever sales of over 1.30 lakh units domestically, reflecting the
strength of an expanded premium portfolio.
l KTM-Triumph expanded its portfolio with the launch of the Duke 160 and RC 160 at the accessible
end in KTM, while the Modern Classics range was further strengthened with the Thruxton 400.
l KT Showrooms - a new joint KTM-Triumph retail format were rolled out this year, with 80
operational outlets, creating a distinctive premium buying experience under one roof.
Urbanite (Chetak EV)
The year was split into two halves for the Chetak business. Non-Availability of rare earth magnets,
a consequence of export restrictions from China, created supply disruption in the first half, constraining
volumes even as consumer demand remained strong. Bajaj Auto Technology Limited responded by
developing alternate motor designs using light rare-earth magnets and establishing alternate
geographic sources, restoring supply by end-September 2025. Despite the headwinds in H1, Chetak
posted its highest ever billing and retail volumes for the full year and has crossed 7 lakh cumulative
units since inception. Table 2 gives the data on domestic sales.
Pulsar s Record Year
J 11,000 Cr+
Domestic Revenue
KTM-Triumph Delivered
1.30 lakh+ units
Highest-ever Domestic Sales

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Table 2: Domestic Sale of Chetak EV (in numbers)
Year ended 31 March
Domestic
Sale (nos.)
Growth

1,395
558%
8,187
487%
36,260
343%
1,15,702
219%
2,60,033
125%
3,02,674
16%
Domestic Three-Wheelers
FY2026 was a landmark year for the business, with volumes crossing the 5-lakh mark for the first time.
The Company maintained its undisputed leadership in the domestic ICE three-wheeler market with an
overall market share of 73.8%, including 79.1% in passenger carriers and 52.5% in goods carriers.
Leadership in the CNG segment strengthened further, with market share increasing by 70 bps to 87.9%.
In the electric three-wheeler segment, the Company exited the year with pole position in the segment
supported by widest portfolio and service footprint in the country.
The quantitative performance in this segment is highlighted in Table 3.
Key Highlights
Launch of Chetak C25 expanded the portfolio into a more accessible segment, broadening appeal
across the spectrum of customers, families- youth, women and young couples - who value its
robust build, reassuring ride feel and longevity.
Chetak remained firmly positioned among the top two electric scooter brands, with market share
inching up to 20.7%, +60 bps YoY.
Strengthened the retail footprint with over 500 exclusive Chetak Experience Centres and more than
4,000 touchpoints across the country.
Launch of
Chetak C25
entering into a more accessible
segment
Chetak crossed
7. Lakh
Cumulative sales since
inception

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Key Highlights
Bajaj Auto exited the year with the pole position in the E3W (L5) segment, achieved within three
years of entry.
Launched the WEGO brand across the electric three-wheeler segments, including the industry s
largest E3W offering India s highest certified range in its segment.
Entered the E-rickshaw (L3) category with the Riki brand through launch of E-Rick and
E-Kart, featuring superior product attributes and expanding to over 100 cities to drive the next
wave of growth.
Volumes Crossed
5. Lakh
mark for the first time
New Brand Launch
Riki (E-rick & E-Kart)
Entry in the E-rickshaw Market
Year ended 31 March 2026
Passenger
vehicles
Goods
Carrier
Total
ICE Three-Wheelers
Industry sales
4,60,839
1,14,650
5,75,489
Bajaj Auto sales
3,64,723
60,165
4,24,888
Bajaj Auto market share
79.1%
52.5%
73.8%
Source: SIAM, Company
EV Three-Wheelers (L5)
Industry sales
2,37,328
32,598
2,69,926
Bajaj Auto sales
84,846
5,496
90,342
Bajaj Auto market share
35.8%
16.9%
33.5%
Source: Vahan
EV Three-Wheelers (L3)
Bajaj Auto sales
2,214
2,276
Table 3: Domestic Sale of Three-Wheelers (in numbers)

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
International Business
FY2026 has been an outstanding year for Bajaj Auto's international business, with volumes surpassing
2 million units, making the best annual performance since the record year of FY2022, while revenues
reached an all-time high. Table 4 track Bajaj Auto's export performance.
In FY2026
Bajaj Auto sold 2.25 million units versus 1.86 million units in the previous year - a growth of 20.8%.
Exports surpassed 2 lakh units monthly mark in October 2025 after 39 months.
Both two-wheelers and commercial vehicles saw robust growth - the former grew by 17.5% and
the latter by an impressive 49.2%.
The LATAM region recorded the best ever year.
Table 4: Export Volume and Value for Bajaj Auto
FY2026
FY2025
Growth
Units

Two-wheelers
19,67,810
16,74,060
17.5%
Commercial Vehicles
2,82,373
1,89,221
49.2%
Total numbers
22,50,183
18,63,281
20.8%
Exports in H (crore)
20,416
16,254
25.6%
Exports in USD (million)
2,253
1,875
20.2%
Motorcycle exports
Bajaj Auto maintained No. 1 position in the top 9 out of 15 key export markets.
While motorcycle exports for the industry as a whole grew by 10% in FY2026 compared to the
previous year, BAL registered a growth of 17%, well outpacing the industry.
East Africa and South Asia were the biggest growth drivers with volume growth of 54%
and 36% respectively.
Pulsar with 18% growth and CT with 34% growth reported their highest ever exports.
Commercial vehicles exports:
Leadership position was maintained in 11 out of 12 key export markets.
Industry-wide exports in FY2026 increased by 44%, while Bajaj Auto s grew by 49%.
Asia and West Africa regions have registered steep growth of 65% and 128% respectively.
Countries contributing to export growth were Sri Lanka, Nigeria, Ghana, Myanmar, Colombia,
Peru and Cambodia.
Sold
2.25. Million
units - growth of 20.8% YoY
Exports crossed
2. Lakh
units in Oct 2025 after
39 months

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Outlook
We remain committed to strengthening our presence and delivering excellence across all segments we
operate in. Our priorities for the coming year are multi-faceted. A key focus will be on deepening our
competitiveness in the strategically important 125cc+ motorcycle segment. In the electric three-
wheeler space, we aim to sustain and build on our market leadership under the WEGO brand, with the
longer-term intent of mirroring the scale of leadership we have achieved in the ICE category. Chetak is
expected to scale up through its recent launches, with the intent to grow market share in the electric
two-wheeler segment. We expect export momentum to sustain, supported by improving macro-economic
conditions across our key markets. Our premium global portfolios under KTM and Triumph will
continue to be nurtured and expanded to further strengthen our international market positioning. With
respect to KTM AG, we will continue to support its management in the turnaround, which is well
underway, with the aim to bring back KTM to its original performance levels in due course. We will
continue to build capability and now leverage scale in Bajaj Auto Credit to deliver an industry-class-leading
performance. Throughout this journey, we remain mindful of margin pressures arising from an
increasing commodity pressure, and our task will be to balance growth and profitability in the most
optimal way through robust operational management.
Risk & Opportunities
In an environment of evolving complexities, our approach to risk management is both proactive and
opportunity oriented. We recognise that the external environment is dynamic - whether IT is
geopolitical tensions, evolving regulatory and macroeconomic conditions in export markets, inflationary
pressures on key input commodities, supply-chain vulnerabilities including disruptions in the
availability of heavy rare earth magnets that we encountered during the year, currency volatility, or
technological disruption - such risks must be continuously scanned and anticipated. Guided by our
robust Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, we take a structured approach to identifying,
assessing and governing these risks across the organisation - the steps taken to develop alternate
sources for heavy rare earth magnets during the year being one such example of how emerging risks
are acted upon before they escalate into material concerns. Equally, we strive to convert uncertainties
into strategic advantage - by developing response plans that not only mitigate threats but also position
us to capture high-value opportunities through proactive response strategies and integrated business
decision-making. This dual-focus approach enables us to navigate uncertainty, safeguarding what we
have built while remaining alert to the opportunities that a dynamic environment continuously presents.
Internal Control system and their adequacy
Bajaj Auto has established a comprehensive Internal Financial Control (IFC) framework to ensure the
integrity, reliability and compliance of our financial reporting and operations. In accordance with
Section 134(5)(e) of the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, management annually
assesses the design and operating effectiveness of these controls, affirming their adequacy in
supporting orderly business conduct and safeguarding assets.
Aligned with globally recognised frameworks such as COSO and ICAI guidance, Bajaj Auto s IFC system
encompasses a robust control environment, risk assessment, control activities and ongoing monitoring.
The Company maintains a disciplined process for documentation and periodic testing through an
independent team. Findings are reported to the management, with a focus on the timely remediation of
any identified gaps.
The Company s statutory auditors have reported no material weaknesses or significant deficiencies,
underscoring the reliability of our financial disclosures. While no system provides absolute certainty,
our framework is designed to manage inherent limitations through continuous enhancements and
policy updates.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Processes
R&D reorganised itself to align teams with the key business segments Bajaj Auto operates in, with a
flatter structure for greater agility and expanded teams in design, analysis and validation. Several new
test and prototyping facilities were added during the year. The IP portfolio continued to grow through
patent filings across Powertrain, Vehicle and Integration domains, along with design registrations for
new vehicle designs.
Notable technologies introduced during the year included E100 Flex Fuel homologation - enabling a
vehicle to run on any blend from pure gasoline to 100% ethanol while meeting BS6 OBD2B emission
standards - and Advanced Rider Assistance features such as Cornering ABS, traction control and
quick shifter across products.
Products
Key product introductions during FY2026 spanned all segments:
R&D AND
Technology
ABSORPTION

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
KTM
Duke 160
In the KTM lineup the Duke 160 was
introduced in July 2025. IT is the most
affordable Duke which retains the Duke
stylish and sharp character of a naked
sports bike. The lightweight chassis and
responsive 19 Ps engine delivers thrilling
acceleration and is perfect for city
commutes as well as weekend getaways. IT
also features a 5 TFT with full functionality
including connectivity and TBT navigation.
Adventure 390 R
On popular demand from domestic market,
the Adventure 390 R was launched in India
in January 2026. The bike uses 21 /18
extruded alloy spoke wheels. IT has longer
230 mm suspension travel at both front and
rear with a 272 mm ground clearance.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Tracker 400
The Triumph Tracker 400 was launched in the
export markets in March 2026. IT is an all-new
model joining the classic range of Triumph. IT
has a bold style and attitude designed to
directly appeal to younger riders. IT is powered
by the higher performance variant of the TR
series engine which provides exciting
acceleration and throttle response.
Thruxton 400
Thruxton 400 is a contemporary racer with
its design inspired from the iconic Thruxton
line, that blends modern performance with a
classic character. Its advanced
aerodynamics, clip-on handlebars and a
rear set footpeg position deliver an engaged
riding posture. The engine has been
re-tuned for higher performance to deliver
42 Ps. The dedicated chassis along with
optimised suspension enables a sporty
riding experience that emphasises speed.
TRIUMPH

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
PULSAR
New GST Norms
During the year, the Government of India revised the GST rates applicable to motorcycles, reducing the
rate from 28% to 18% for motorcycles with engine capacities of up to 350cc and increasing the rate
from 28% to 40% for motorcycles above 350cc. In response to this change, the Company accelerated a
product development programme to replace its 400cc motorcycle production line up with sub-350cc
variants across relevant platforms while retaining the core performance and riding characteristics of
the higher-displacement products. The programme was completed within approximately six months
and encompassed design, tooling, validation and production readiness.
The Pulsar 150cc and 125cc were upgraded with
LED headlamp and LED blinkers in December
2025 giving them a contemporary look, with new
graphics and state of the art lighting.
Pulsar 125
Pulsar 150

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
WEGO
The Bajaj WEGO brand of electric
commercial vehicles was launched
to better align the brand to the
three-wheeler EV segment. WEGO
brand was launched as the biggest
last mile transport variant with the
largest battery capacity on a 3wh.
IT is being joined by the WEGO P
5009 and WEGO P 7012. These
modes come with a wider scudo
for better driver ergonomics.
Currently, the WEGO brand
encompass all segments of the EV
three-wheeler.
Chetak C25
This new variant of Chetak is designed to
complement the Chetak series by improving
accessibility and affordability. The C25 has
lower kerb mass, lower centre of gravity
and lower seat height which enable the
scooter to be ridden by youngsters, women
and older people. IT has a range of 113 kms
on a single charge; and a large 750w
charger that allows full charge in less than
4 hours. C25 is capable of climbing steep
urban inclines with its capability of 19%
gradeability with double seat & supported by
a hill hold assist for total control.
EVs

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Riki
The all new Bajaj E-Rick and E-Kart twins were
launched in July 2025 and December 2025,
respectively under the brand Riki. These herald
the entry of Bajaj into the last mile ticketing
market, with unique propositions. Both variants
have a distinct form identity very different from
the conventional E-rickshaws in the market. IT is a
blend of modern automotive styling along with
practicality. The vehicle features modern
dashboard and attractive interiors, twin headlamp
for improved night visibility, best-in-class Driver
ergonomics as well as passenger space, and low
step-in-height and easy ingress and egress. Bajaj
E-Ricks delivers over 120+ km of real-life vehicle
running range using efficient drive train & Battery
packs and utilizing Brake Regeneration
capabilities. They have more durable monocoque
Chassis with Corrosion protection that ensures no
perforation life of more than 5 years.
E-Rick
E-Kart

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Operations
TPM
Bajaj Auto s back end consists of its manufacturing, engineering, development and materials functions.
The principles and philosophy of TPM guide and align these functions to achieve excellence, enhanced
productivity, world-class quality, all at optimised cost. The TPM way has been successfully expanded
to BAL vendors, dealers and international distributors with an aim to create and nurture excellence.
Bajaj Auto s TPM at Operations
In FY2026, Chakan-II, the youngest plant of BAL family successfully conducted its TPM Kick-Off
Ceremony, thus taking the first step towards excellence.
During the year, the Pantnagar plant was honoured with the prestigious Advanced Special Award for
TPM Achievement by the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance (JIPM). Bajaj Auto also received TPM
Excellence Award - TPM Excellent Case Study Commendation' from JIPM for the second consecutive
time. The Chakan plant has been already conferred with the award for World Class TPM Achievement
in 2024.
Vendor TPM Activities
In FY2026, 42 of our vendor partners have been honored with JIPM-TPM Excellence Award up to
FY2026. Groundwork done by Bajaj Auto and its vendors for TPM implementation and Bajaj TPM
Excellence Awards to 87 vendors are testimonies of the strong alignment between BAL and its vendors
in embracing TPM. Our TPM practicing vendors have extended the practices down the supply chain to
their Tier-II vendors.
TPM in Dealer Service and Overseas
Distributor Plants
The TPM philosophy has been widened across the BAL supply chain, encompassing our dealer network
in India as well as international distributors across the globe.
Bajaj Auto started TPM implementation at international distributor plants six years earlier. As of
FY2026, 25 distributor plants have been practicing TPM over the years. These plants are now
experiencing major improvements in productivity, first-time-right quality and optimisation in cost
parameters. Six of our distributor plants have qualified for the BAL TPM Award . In FY2026, one of our
distributors in Nigeria has qualified for the BAL TPM Excellence Award .
On the domestic front, as on 31 March 2026, we had 1,237 dealerships practicing TPM and 917
dealerships that secured the BAL TPM Award .

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Capacity and Employee Strength
Table 5: Plant-wise capacities (in units per annum)
Plant
As on 31 March 2026 Product Range
Waluj
Motorcycles
2,700,000 Boxer, CT, Platina, Discover, Freedom, Pulsar
Commercial Vehicles
1,020,000 Passenger Carriers, Goods Carriers, Quadricycle
Chakan 1
Motorcycles
900,000 Pulsar, Avenger, Dominar
Chakan 2
Motorcycles
300,000 KTM, Husqvarna, Triumph
Chakan 1/Akurdi
Scooters
480,000 Chetak, Yulu
Pantnagar
Motorcycles
1,800,000 CT, Platina, Freedom and Pulsar
7,200,000
Employment
As of 31 March 2026, BAL s employee strength stood at 8,073. This excludes Bajaj Auto Technology
Limited s employee count of 496. The number of women employee has increased by 15% from 618 in
FY2025 to 708 in FY2026 with almost 66% of the women working in manufacturing plants and
engineering functions.
Human Resources (HR)
FY2026 was a transformative year for Bajaj Auto, focused on building a leaner, more agile, and
future-ready organisation.
Bajaj Auto Technology Limited (BATL) has further strengthened its technology capabilities by expanding
its presence through a dedicated design centre at Bengaluru.
Our key focus pillars for this year are as follows:
Attracting and Retaining Top Talent
We continued to strengthen our focus on attracting top talent through increased engagement with
premier campuses. Our strong employer brand was validated by our rankings in
(1) TIME Magazine and Statista s World s Best Companies 2025,
(2) TIME Magazine and Statista s India s Best Employers 2025, and
(3) Forbes and Statista s World's Best Employers 2025.
Our LinkedIn community also grew nearly 15 Lakh followers, reflecting stronger online presence.
Programs like TORQ, OHM, and Veni Vidi Vinci help us attract thousands of the brightest minds from
India s top engineering and design schools. Nearly two out of five hires in the Graduate Trainee
Engineer intake are women.
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited (BACL) strengthened its talent pipeline through multi-entry campus programs
and 100+ B-School partnerships. Digital-first initiatives like BANK and Aarambh enabled pan-India
talent sourcing and a steady flow of skilled professionals.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Learning and Development: Empowering Every Employee
We strengthened our leadership development through focused coaching and mentoring interventions.
To further strengthen a culture of learning, the Learning and Education Assistance Policy (LEAP) was
expanded to include international institutions such as Stanford University, Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (MIT), Nanyang Technological University and world-class Indian institutions such as IISc
Bengaluru, IIT Bombay & IIT Kharagpur.
We extended the Bajaj Online Learning Tool (BOLT), our learning experience platform, to over 5,300
non-managerial employees. BOLT s success is evident, with 80% of employees logging in within two
months, ensuring they stay relevant in a rapidly changing environment.
Innovation: Driving Our Future
Innovation is a key theme in our learning strategy. Our flagship technology conference, InnoVision,
themed AI and Data: Engines of Future Mobility , brought together global experts and internal teams to
explore emerging technologies shaping the future of transportation. The Ideathon Challenge, as part of
InnoVision, saw a 4x increase in team registrations.
In parallel, the APEX AI/ML capability-building program was launched for all managerial employees,
reaching over 1,000 participants and reinforcing AI as a core organisational competency.
Improving Employee Experience, Well-Being and Engagement
PULSE, our annual employee engagement survey, was conducted for the fourth consecutive year, with
98% participation and a record-high engagement score of 93%. The survey was extended to Bajaj do
Brazil and BACL, achieving 100% employee coverage across subsidiaries. These outcomes reflect our
continued action on employee feedback, including focused actions to enhance leadership accessibility
and support employees through work-from-home and flexible working hour policies.
In FY2026, we expanded well-being initiatives through our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) -
offering doctor consultations and healthcare resources for employees and their families. We also
organised targeted interventions for women, including financial awareness sessions, development
programs (up!SWING, 1000 Women Leaders Program, and up!SURGE), and mental wellness initiatives.
ESOP: Building a Shared Future
Our Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) continues to be a success for our employees. Extended to all
managerial employees in 2024, IT helps ensure deeper alignment with the company s long-term success.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Women building expertise in EV servicing
at the STEP Centre
Students certified in STEP, excelling
in automobile service
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Within CSR, Bajaj Auto is building competence around selected areas that help focus on large-scale
impact. Some of the key CSR initiatives are:
Skilling Initiatives
A. Bajaj Engineering Skills Training (BEST)
Bajaj Engineering Skills Training (BEST) provides best-in-class manufacturing skills training to young
engineers. IT is implemented in partnership with India s top engineering institutes by setting up state-of-
the art laboratories with world-class industry grade equipment procured from across the globe.
In FY2026, over H 120 crore was spent towards the BEST initiative by partnering with over 20 top
educational institutes, including NITs. As of now, BEST has 10 operational centres with 1,860 students
certified and with a capacity to train over 3,000 students annually.
B. Bajaj Service Technician Excellence Program (STEP)
STEP aims to train freshers, 10th pass and above, seeking short-term vocational training to enhance
their skills and career prospects in two- and three-wheeler repair and maintenance, under ICE, CNG,
and EV categories. The program has a pan-India presence. IT provides 80% hands-on training, teaches
TPM and soft skills through the Bajaj Online Learning and Discovery (BOLD) platform and connects
trainees to jobs via the Talent BRIDGE platform.
The STEP program delivered four courses at 18 centres across nine states, with 750 students enrolled
and 154 already certified. IT plans to scale up to 60 centres pan-India and train 10,000 students annually.
SMT Assembly Line in the BEST-
Electronic Manufacturing Systems
vertical at SASTRA University
Hands-on training in the Firmware Testing Lab,
equipping BEST students with future-ready skills

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
C. Bajaj Manufacturing Systems (BMS)
Bajaj Manufacturing Systems (BMS) equips youth from ITIs, polytechnics, and technical institutes with
industry-relevant manufacturing knowledge through a three-month online certification program.
In FY2026, BMS reached 1,698 ITIs & institutes across five states, certifying over 1 lakh students.
IT has been horizontally deployed across all BEST and STEP centres and is planned to be expanded
to 13 states across 3,000-plus institutes.
D. Bajaj Sakhi Skills Kendra (SSK)
SSK empowers women through skill development, fostering financial independence and self-reliance.
Located near plant locations, these centres provide specialised training aligned to local market
demand, such as tailoring, beautician services, and nursing assistance, alongside soft skills, digital
literacy, and financial awareness.
Building pathways for women s careers through vocational training at SSK
Students completing the BMS course at
an ITI, advancing their employability
BMS students receiving certificates at Government
ITI in Karnataka for successful course completion
Programs under Education
A. Rupa Rahul Bajaj Scholarship for Women in Engineering (RRBSWE)
RRBSWE empowers meritorious young women pursuing core engineering from select 40 leading
institutions - including IIT Madras, IIT Bombay, IIT Kharagpur, NIT Trichy - through financial support of
up to H 8 lakh.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
IT is India s only scholarship dedicated to women in core engineering (mechanical, electrical,
electronics, etc.); and IT goes beyond funding to provide continuous engagement through mentoring,
industry exposure, leadership, life skills development, and a strong alumni network.
In its first cohort of FY2026, RRBSWE awarded scholarship to 506 students. IT aims to empower 2,000
women engineers in the next four years.
Students from our STEM Education Program won accolades at the World Skills Challenge 2025
B. STEM Education Support
This initiative empowers underserved students, especially girls, with accessible hands-on STEM
education through community and school-based learning centres. Combining academic support with
experiential learning, IT features dedicated STEM labs, trained facilitators, structured curriculum, and
continuous assessments to drive outcome-focused learning.
In FY2026, the initiative impacted 15,889 students in 16 community learning centres and 17 school
learning centres.
Rupa Rahul Bajaj Scholars receiving honours that celebrate merit and potential
C. Promotion of Science and Technology
Dedicated to engaging and inspiring youth with the wonders of scientific exploration, this initiative with
Foundation for Advancing Science & Technology (FAST) works to bridge the divide between science
practitioners and the wider community through year-round initiatives, including fellowships,
competitions, policy dialogues, research outputs, and the flagship India Science Festival.
In FY2026, the initiative engaged approximately 35,800 participants.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
D. Promotion of Sports through Value based Education in Schools
The Sports School Programme with the Abhinav Bindra Foundation Trust (ABFT) promotes holistic child
development by integrating sports with school education, based on the Olympic Values Education
Programme (OVEP). Teachers are trained in OVEP-based pedagogy to ensure sustained impact in
schools.
In FY2026, 19,663 teachers were trained across 5 states/union territories.
Programs under Environment Sustainability
A. Rupa Rahul Bajaj Centre of Environment and Arts (RRBCEA)
RRBCEA located at the Empress Garden in Pune, fosters environmental awareness and education
through innovative art forms, nature walks, workshops, and sustainability programs for all age groups.
In FY2026, IT conducted over 50 events, engaging close to 3,000 participants.
B. Animal Welfare
Canine Care and Control (CCC), an organisation focused on sterilisation of dogs and cats to control its
population completed 7,643 surgeries and vaccinations in FY2026.
In collaboration with Blue Cross Society (BCS), free/low-cost treatment was provided to 11,012 dogs
and cats at their outpatient department (OPD) and inpatient department (IPD).
Programs under Health
A. Holistic and Integrative Wellness
PRANA delivers accessible, integrative wellness services to communities through a multidisciplinary
approach combining homoeopathy, osteopathy, acupuncture, yoga, nutrition and ayurveda massage
therapy.
In FY2026, IT served around 1,900 beneficiaries with 48,910 total sessions across therapies. IT plans to
impact over 3,000 people annually through expanded beds, OPDs, digital tools, and camps.
B. Affordable Multi-Specialty and Transplant Care
The Muktashram Trust Healthcare Facility is a state-of-the-art hospital delivering comprehensive and
affordable medical services, ranging from general surgery to advanced multi-organ transplants.
Spanning approximately 1 lakh sq. ft., the facility is designed to address diverse healthcare needs with
a strong focus on quality, accessibility, and patient-centric care, supported by modern technology and
clinical excellence.
C. Breast Cancer Research
The Prashanti Cancer Care Mission (PCCM) is dedicated to the knowledge and support for breast cancer
patients. In FY2026, PCCM delivered 565 counselling sessions across 118 preventive clinics, collected
298 patient samples for research, produced 13 publications, hosted 36 webinars/workshops and
conducted eight community awareness talks.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
IT and Digital Initiatives
During the year, Bajaj Auto advanced its digital journey by bringing together its digital and IT capabilities
into a unified organisation. This integration enables the Company to leverage common platforms,
processes and talents at the required scale - thus driving greater consistency, faster execution and
more effective delivery of technology-led initiatives.
In the course of the year, Bajaj Auto laid the foundation for leveraging AI in ways that are aligned to its
business priorities. This exercise is anchored around three key areas:
First, enhancing access to relevant data across the organisation to enable deeper and more reliable
insights.
Second, building the capability to develop and deploy digital solutions with greater speed and
effectiveness.
Third, enabling technology-led actions and automation to drive measurable outcomes across
business processes.
Together, these initiatives position Bajaj Auto to leverage AI as an embedded capability across its
operations - one that supports better decision-making, improved efficiency and enhanced
customer outcomes.
A comprehensive refresh of the Bajaj Auto s digital presence has also been initiated, aimed at
enhancing customer engagement, improving discoverability and aligning its platforms with evolving
user expectations.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Financials
Table 6 gives the summarised standalone profit and loss statement of Bajaj Auto.
Table 6: Summarised Standalone Profit and Loss Statement, FY2026
(H In Crore)
Particulars
FY2026
FY2025
Growth%
Operations
Revenue from contract with customers
56,114
48,247
16.3%
2,618
1,763
58,732
50,010
17.4%
Cost of materials consumed, net of expenditures capitalised
41,113
35,287
70.0%
70.6%
Stores and tools
0.3%
0.4%
Employee cost
1,662
1,577
2.8%
3.2%
Factory, administrative and other expenses
1,831
1,399
3.1%
2.8%
Sales and after sales expenses
1,911
1,447
3.3%
2.9%
Total expenditure
46,713
39,909
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
(EBITDA)
12,019
10,101
19.0%
20.5%
20.2%
Interest
Depreciation & amortisation
Operating profit
11,535
9,633
19.7%
19.6%
19.3%
Non-operating income
1,563
1,421
Less: Non-operating expense
Non-operating income, net
1,561
1,419
Profit before tax and exceptional item
13,096
11,052
18.5%
Exceptional item ( Income )/Expense
-
13,072
11,052
18.3%
Tax expense
3,262
2,690
Tax expense (exceptional item)
(15)
9,825
8,151
20.5%
The Company s surplus funds are invested in (i) fixed income securities rated A1+ and equivalent for
short term investments, (ii) AA+ and above rated securities for long term investments, and (iii) fixed
deposits with banks and finance companies.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
As required for listed companies by SEBI, Table 7 gives the key ratios.
Table 7: Bajaj Auto s Key Financial Ratios, Standalone
Particulars
FY2026
FY2025
Debtors Turnover Ratio
22.47
21.91
Inventory Turnover Ratio
19.10
19.34
Current Ratio
1.71
1.49
Operating Profit Margin
19.6%
19.3%
Net Profit Margin
16.3%
15.8%
Debt-Equity Ratio
0.00
0.02
Return on Equity
29.3%
28.6%
Subsidiaries
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV (BAIH BV)
BAIH BV is a 100% Netherlands based subsidiary of Bajaj Auto Limited. Over the years, through this
subsidiary, Bajaj Auto Ltd has invested a total of €323 million (H 2,421 crore) and holds 100% stake in
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG.
During the year, BAL supported the restructuring of KTM AG and two of its subsidiaries by arranging an
equity and debt package of €880 million primarily to fund the payment of cash quota to creditors and to
revive operations.
Subsequently, upon receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, BAIH BV acquired sole controlling
stake in Pierer Bajaj AG and subsequently renamed the entity to Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG.
Following this transaction, BAIH BV now holds 100% stake in Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG,
which in turn holds 74.94% stake in Bajaj Mobility AG (formerly PIERER Mobility AG). Bajaj Mobility AG
(BMAG) holds 100% stake in KTM AG and is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and Vienna
Stock Exchange.
As a result, Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG, Bajaj Mobility AG and KTM AG have become step-down
subsidiaries of Bajaj Auto Limited.
Consequent to the change in ownership structure, the Supervisory and Management Boards of the
entities were reconstituted. In February 2026, KTM AG secured a refinancing facility of €550 million for
a tenure of five years from consortium of banks. The proceeds of this facility were utilised to prepay the
loan extended by BAIH BV.
For the calendar year 2025, Bajaj Mobility AG reported a consolidated revenue of €1,009 million with
motorcycle sales of 209,704 units. BMAG reported EBITDA of €874 million, EBIT of €748 million and net
profit of €590 million supported by a restructuring gain of €1,193 million.
On the motorsport front, 2025 was the most successful year in the KTM's history, with 29 championship
titles across the KTM, Husqvarna Motorcycles and GASGAS brands - an achievement that continues to
underline the enduring global brand equity of these franchises.
More detailed information on KTM acquisition is provided in the Directors' Report, which forms part of
this Annual Report.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Bajaj Auto Technology Limited
(the erstwhile Chetak Technology Limited)
Bajaj Auto Technology Limited (BATL) formed on 4 October 2021, stands adequately funded with
paid-up equity share capital of H 470 crore as on 31 March 2026. In FY2026, BATL design studios from
Pune, Thailand and Spain delivered projects for Commuter bikes (ten models), Performance bikes (six
models), Chetak (five models) and CV segments through concepts, sketch, proto surfaces, Class A
Surfaces and Color/Graphics phases.
BATL executed design, development and validation of the EV System components battery, motor, VCU,
MCU, BMS and telematics for following models:
Chetak C3501 and C3502
Chetak Mini C2501
Wego - P5009, P5012, P7012, P9018, C9012, C90009
Riki P4005, P4006, C4006
The Bajaj EV business was threatened by restrictions on heavy rare-earth magnet exports from China.
To ensure business sustainability, BATL team quickly developed and homologated alternate motor
design utilising low rare-earth magnets. R&D also developed other motor designs that ensure further
de-risking in case of any further restrictions.
The team has filed for numerous patents in FY2026 in multiple areas of component and
vehicle integration.
Bajaj Auto (Thailand) Limited
Bajaj Auto (Thailand) Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary in Thailand with an issued and subscribed share
capital of Thai Baht (THB) 45 million (H 10 crore). The subsidiary has set up an Engineering Design
Centre (EDC), to expand R&D s reach to trend defining markets and tap internationally available best
designers. IT has all necessary approvals from local authorities.
Bajaj Auto Spain S.L. is a wholly owned subsidiary in Barcelona, Spain with an issued and subscribed
share capital of €600K (H 5 crore). The subsidiary has set up an Engineering Design Centre (EDC), again,
to expand R&D s reach and tap internationally available best designers. With all necessary approvals
from local authorities, this EDC is now fully operational.
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited (BACL)
BACL is a wholly owned captive financing subsidiary with an issued and subscribed share capital
of H 2,700 crore, established to support the retail ecosystem of Bajaj Auto s two-wheeler and
three-wheeler businesses. India s two and three-wheeler markets remain credit driven, with nearly
65%-75% of vehicles retailed through financing. BACL, therefore, serves as a strategic growth engine,
enabling Bajaj Auto to strengthen its domestic market position by offering seamless, customised, and
geographically diversified financing solutions.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
During FY2026, BACL consolidated its operations and focused on building a high quality, scalable and
digitally enabled retail lending platform aligned with the core strengths of Bajaj Auto.
FY2026 Performance Highlights
During FY2026, BACL delivered healthy operational momentum supported by sustained demand for
Bajaj Auto vehicles, expanding its presence across urban, semi urban, and rural markets. Here are
some key facts:
Assets under management (AUM) as of 31 March 2026 doubled to nearly H 19,000 crore.
Disbursement for FY2026 were approximately H 15,000 crore, with over 1 million new customers.
Net interest income (NII) stood at H 2,124 crore.
Profit before tax (PBT) was at H 889 crore and Profit after tax (PAT) was H 665 crore.
Gross Non-Performing Assets (GNPA) at 1.85%; Net Non-Performing Asset (NNPA) at 1.00%.
Capital adequacy ratio as on 31 March 2026 was 19.5% and Tier-I adequacy was 16.6% - which are
both well above the RBI norms.
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda
This is a wholly owned subsidiary with an issued and subscribed share capital of BRL 58 million
(H 94 crore). IT was set up to operate in the highly competitive market of Brazil.
In CY2025, Bajaj Do Brasil sold nearly 32,000 units - versus over 13,000 units sold in CY2024. A key
enabler of this performance was the successful commencement of operations at the dedicated
manufacturing facility in Manaus, Bajaj Auto s first plant outside India.
The annual capacity has increased to 50,000 units per year, having started local operations for frame
welding and painting. This facility produced around 32,000 motorcycles during CY2025 and focused on
supply chain efficiency and cost optimisation. The dealership network has been expanded from 31
outlets across 17 states in CY2024 to more than 60 outlets across 24 states by the end of CY2025. This
has significantly improved national coverage and has provided stronger service support to our
customer base of more than 54,000 Bajaj riders in Brazil.

NON-FINANCIALS
Management Discussion and Analysis
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Consolidation of accounts and
segment reporting
Table 8 gives the numbers.
Table 8: Segment Revenue and Segment Results
(H In Crore)
Segment Revenue
FY2026
FY2025
Automotive
60,530
49,982
Financing
3,248
1,041
Investment and others
1,309
1,446
Total
65,087
52,469
Segment Results Profit/(Loss) from each segment before tax
Automotive
12,016
8,770
Financing
Investment and others
1,307
1,444
Total
14,212
10,292
Less: Interest
13,952
10,224
10,744
7,325
Cautionary Statement
Statements in this Management Discussion and Analysis describing the Company s objectives,
projections, estimates and expectations may be forward looking within the meaning of applicable laws
and regulations. Actual results may differ from those expressed or implied. Important factors that could
make a difference to the Company s operations include global economy, political stability, stock
performance on stock markets, changes in government regulations, tax regimes, economic
developments and other incidental factors. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake
to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Investors are
advised to exercise due care and caution while interpreting these statements.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
DIRECTORS
REPORT
Dear Members,
The directors are pleased to present the Nineteenth Annual Report of Bajaj Auto Ltd.
( your Company / the Company / Bajaj Auto ) together with the Audited Financial Statements
for the financial year ended 31 March 2026 ( FY2026 ).
A. Century of the Bajaj Group
The year 2026 marks a significant milestone as the Bajaj Group commemorates its centenary year,
founded by Late Shri Jamnalal Bajaj, a freedom fighter, philanthropist and the patriarch of the
Bajaj Family, in 1926.
The Bajaj Group s journey over the past 100 years stands as a remarkable testament to resilience,
visionary leadership, and an enduring commitment to nation-building. The Group has evolved from a
modest trading firm into one of India s most respected and diversified conglomerates, playing a pivotal
role in shaping the country s industrial and financial landscape.
Over the decades, the Group has demonstrated an unwavering ability to adapt to India s evolving
economic context. From contributing to the self-reliance movement during the pre-independence era to
becoming a leader in sectors such as automotive, financial services, electricals, and insurance, Bajaj
has consistently remained ahead of the curve. Bajaj Auto s iconic role in motorising India, Bajaj
Finserv s transformation of financial services delivery, and the Group s presence across multiple
high-growth sectors reflect its strong spirit of innovation and execution excellence.
Eighty Years of Hamara Bajaj
FY2026 also marked a significant milestone in the Company s journey, as 29 November 2025
commemorated Eighty Years of the Bajaj Auto legacy, tracing its origins to the incorporation of
Bachhraj Trading Corporation Pvt. Ltd. on this day of the year 1945. Subsequently, in 1960, IT was
renamed Bajaj Auto Ltd., and in the same year, IT went public with the maiden public issue and was
listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange. Over these eight decades, Bajaj Auto has established itself as
one of the India s leading automobile companies, with a strong domestic and global presence,
and a household name among millions of its customers. With over 32 million vehicles sold in over
100 countries, the Bajaj brand is truly The World s Favourite Indian . IT is India s No.1 motorcycle
exporter and is also the world s largest manufacturer of three-wheelers.
Post the demerger of the erstwhile Bajaj Auto Ltd. in 2008 (now known as Bajaj Holdings & Investment Ltd.),
the carved out automobile business has continued to scale new heights year after year and has
established itself as one of the market leaders in all the variants, including electric two-wheelers and
three-wheelers segment.
The Board of Directors ('the Board') places on record its pride in the Company s enduring legacy and
expresses sincere appreciation for the exceptional leadership of the founding fathers, promoters, past
and present directors, as well as for the dedication and commitment of the Company s employees and
workers at all levels, whose collective efforts have contributed significantly to the Company s sustained
performance and its present scale and stature.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Performance Highlights
The summary of operational and financial performance of your Company is elaborated in the report on
Management Discussion and Analysis, which forms part of this Annual Report.
The summary of performance highlights is presented below:
Sales in numbers
Particulars
FY2026
FY2025
Two-wheelers
4,316,850
3,982,309
Commercial vehicles
800,817
668,657
Total
5,117,667
4,650,966
of which exports
2,250,183
1,863,281
Momentum across businesses led to highest ever volumes, with >5 million units (up 10% year over
year), surpassing the previous peak of FY19.

Landmark billing and retail across businesses - 125cc+ segment, KTM/Triumph and Chetak
deliver new standards; CV volumes at an unprecedented over 5 lakh mark; exports across most
markets at their best ever - signalling a versatile and resilient business model.
Domestic revenue set a new milestone, growing 13% year over year, with broad-based growth
across both two-wheelers and three-wheelers powering the delivery.

Led by the solid show particularly in second half of the year, that was buoyed by GST
rationalisation and sharp festive season execution, alongside the sustained scale-up of the EV
portfolio, retaining our position as India's largest Electric Vehicle player with revenues of
H 8,000+ crores (over 20% of domestic sales).
Exports scaled new highs on revenue, on strong double-digit volume growth (over 2 million units
sold after the record FY22) and currency tailwind.

LatAm delivered yet another stellar performance setting a new benchmark for the third
consecutive year, while Africa stepped up to match Asia's double digit growth trajectory; the
rebound of KTM exports and a sharp uptick of CVs ( nearly 50% year over year) providing a fillip.
Despite a softer H1, Domestic Motorcycles rebounded to end the year with strong double-digit
growth on the sports segment.

Performance improved through the year with stronger traction particularly in the sports
segment where Pulsar led the recovery with multiple refreshes and sharp in-market activation,
as IT scaled a new pinnacle, reinforcing the continued thrust on premiumisation.
With global revenue of nearly H 5,000 crores, KTM-Triumph delivered its best-ever (up 40% year
over year), delighting about 2.25 lakh riders in the year.

Driven by a strengthened portfolio and impactful activation - KTM (K) bolstered by the upgraded
Duke and strong Adventure lineup; Triumph (T) through its modem classics lineup (Speed,
Scrambler, Thruxton); aided by wider reach through K+ T outlets in approximately 80 towns.
Commercial Vehicles posted a landmark year, reaffirming its unparalleled position and supported
by the widest portfolio in the industry.

Sustained the leadership in the ICE segment, while rapidly scaling up e3Ws and exiting the year
as the No. 1 segment player. The electric vehicle segment expanded into the e-rickshaw
category through Riki which is now in 100+ cities and is slated for expansion, in turn creating
significant headroom for growth.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Chetak reported a new high with revenues of over H 4,000 crores and decisively retaining its
position among India's foremost electric scooters.

Navigating supply-side constraints in H1, the business staged a strong recovery in H2 as swift
engineering interventions and agility in the backend enabled improved availability, alongside a
range of portfolio and competitive interventions that turbo charged growth.
Financial performance
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Standalone
Consolidated
FY2026
FY2025
FY2026
FY2025
Total income
60,295.40
51,431.25
65,087.22
52,468.96
Total expenses
47,200.01
40,379.36
51,657.21
41,329.95
Share of profit/(loss) of associate (net)
-
560.74
(915.48)
13,095.39
11,051.89
13,990.75
10,223.53
Exceptional items (net) - (gain)/loss
23.80
-
39.21
-
13,071.59
11,051.89
13,951.54
10,223.53
Tax expense
3,262.36
2,689.21
3,396.35
2,687.54
Deferred tax - Exceptional item
(15.43)
211.26
(19.31)
211.26
9,824.66
8,151.42
10,574.50
7,324.73
Profit/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest
-
(169.71)
-
9,824.66
8,151.42
10,744.21
7,324.73
Basic Earnings per share (J)
352.0
292.1
385.0
262.4
Diluted Earnings per share (J)
351.5
291.5
384.4
262.0
Revenue from operations on a standalone basis clocked an all-time high of H 58,732 crore,
registering a robust 17% year over year growth on both record vehicles and spares sales.

Notably, across every cut of the business - two-wheelers / three wheelers, ICE/EV and
domestic/exports, revenues scaled yet another high, reflecting all-round strength across the
portfolio/markets, with a richer sales mix and better currency realisation providing a further
boost to growth.
EBITDA came in at H 12,019 crore, up 19% year over year, registering a new peak and Profit after
tax reporting its biggest annual print at H 9,825 crore, up 21% year over year.

Margin improved to 20.5% (up 30 bps year over year) driven by favourable USD/INR realisation,
a profitable mix and operating leverage which more than offset the scale-up of the margin-
dilutive electric two-wheeler sales and focused investments to drive competitive growth
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited (BACL); The Company's wholly owned financing subsidiary, delivered a
strong performance in FY2026, strengthening its role as a key strategic enabler of the business.
AUM doubled to nearly H 19,000 crore, PAT surged over 11x to H 665 crore, and over 1 million
customers were onboarded during the year.
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda; Our wholly owned subsidiary in Brazil, delivered
strong growth with sales more than doubling to over 32,000 units in CY2025. Growth was supported
by network expansion to over 60 dealerships across 24 states and a capacity ramp-up to
50,000 units per annum.
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV (BAIH BV); During the year, Bajaj Auto, through its wholly
owned subsidiary Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV (BAIH BV), supported the restructuring and
revival of KTM AG and acquired a controlling stake in the business, resulting in Bajaj Mobility AG
(BMAG) and KTM AG becoming step-down subsidiaries. The focus for the coming year will be on
supporting KTM AG's turnaround through portfolio prioritisation, product development, go-to-
market execution, supply chain optimisation and organisational simplification.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Transfer to reserves
The Board has decided to retain the entire amount of profit for FY2026 in the distributable
retained earnings.
Closing balances in reserve/other equity
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Standalone
Consolidated
FY2026
FY2025
FY2026
FY2025
General reserve
6,389.60
Retained earnings
26,386.57
22,419.94
29,250.60
24,498.81
-
3.03
(24.28)
Statutory reserve
-
144.63
11.66
Foreign exchange difference of subsidiary on
paid-up capital
-
0.30
0.27
-
767.27
911.75
FVTOCI reserve
1,613.68
2,871.20
1,606.77
2,871.59
Capital reserve
-
84.97
63.14
Securities premium
208.81
115.57
208.81
115.57
10.41
Share based payments reserve
163.58
99.44
163.58
99.44
Treasury shares
(77.48)
(38.48)
(77.48)
(38.48)
Total
34,695.17
31,867.68
38,552.49
34,909.48
Note: Detailed movement of above reserves can be seen in Statement of Changes in Equity in the financial statements, which forms
Dividend Distribution Policy
The Dividend Distribution Policy of your Company sets out the parameters and circumstances that
will be considered by the Board in determining the distribution of dividend in terms of regulation 43A
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( the Listing Regulations, 2015 ).
The said Policy is available on the Company s website at
Shareholders Payout
To commemorate the centenary year of the Bajaj Group, the Board of your Company, being the flagship
company of the Group, approved the proposal to reward the shareholders with an aggregate payout
equivalent to 100% of the profits for the FY2026 through a combination of dividend and share buyback,
in accordance with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company and in line with the Company s
commitment to consistently reward its shareholders and deliver sustainable returns.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Dividend
Considering your Company s outstanding financial performance and to upkeep the consistent
track record of rewarding its shareholders with a generous dividend payout, the Board is pleased to
recommend for consideration of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting ( AGM ),
payment of dividend of H 150 per equity share of H 10 each (1500%) for the year ended 31 March 2026
totalling to H 4,192.47 crore.
The dividend recommended is in accordance with the principles and criteria as set out in the Dividend
Distribution Policy of the Company.
The said dividend, if approved by the members at the ensuing AGM will be paid to those members
whose name appears on the Register of Members (including Beneficial Owners) of the Company as at
the end of 29 May 2026 and will be subject to deduction of tax at source at prescribed rates pursuant to
the Income Tax Act, 2025. For further details on taxability, please refer to the Notice of ensuing AGM.
Buyback
The Board at its meeting held on 06 May 2026 has approved the proposal for buyback of
up to 4,694,000 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of H 10 each by the Company at a price of
H 12,000 each for an aggregate consideration not exceeding H 5,632.80 crore through the tender offer
route, subject to approval of the members of the Company, which is being sought by way of a postal ballot.
Further details of buyback are available on the website of the Company at
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/share-buyback-2026
Changes in Share Capital
The changes in the share capital structure of your Company during the year under review are detailed
as under:
Allotment of Equity Shares under the Bajaj Auto Employee Stock
Option Scheme 2019 ( the Scheme )
The Company issued and allotted 240,230 equity shares of face value of H 10 each to the Bajaj Auto
ESOP Trust in accordance with the Scheme on 12 December 2025. The equity shares so allotted
rank pari passu with the existing shares of the Company.
Consequently, the issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Company was at H 279.50 crore
comprising of 279,497,838 equity shares of face value of H 10 each as on 31 March 2026, as against
H 279.26 crore comprising of 279,257,608 equity shares of face value of H 10 each as on 31 March 2025.
The Company has only one class of equity shares.
Except as stated above, there were no other changes in the share capital of the Company during the year.
Credit Rating
The Company has neither issued any debt instruments nor undertaken any fixed deposit programme
or any scheme or proposal involving mobilisation of funds, whether in India or abroad. However,
during the financial year 2025-26, CRISIL Ratings vide its letter dated 05 June 2025, has reaffirmed its
long-term rating of CRISIL AAA and short-term rating of 'CRISIL A1+ with Stable outlook for the bank loan
facilities of the Company and India Ratings and Research vide its letter dated 06 August 2025, has
affirmed its rating of IND AAA/Stable/IND A1+ for the bank loan facilities of the Company.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Operations
Detailed information on the Company s operations is provided in the report on Management Discussion
and Analysis, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Capacity Expansion
The Company s current installed capacity is 7.2 million units per annum.
Detailed information on capacity expansion is covered in the report on Management Discussion and
Analysis, which forms part of this Annual Report.
International Business
During the year under review, the Company exported 2.25 million vehicles as against 1.86 million
vehicles in the previous year.
More detailed information on International Business is provided in the report on Management
Discussion and Analysis, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Consolidated Financial Statements
The audited consolidated financial statements incorporating the duly audited financial statements of
the subsidiaries, as prepared in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ), the Listing
Regulations, 2015 and in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under section 133
of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 along with all relevant
documents and the Independent Auditors Report thereon forms part of this Annual Report.
Pursuant to the provisions of section 129(3) of the Act read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014,
as amended, the statement containing salient features of the financial statement of the Company s
subsidiaries for the financial year ended on 31 March 2026 in Form AOC-1, forms part of this Annual Report.
Further, in terms of the provisions of section 136 of the Act, a copy of the financial statements for the
financial year ended on 31 March 2026 for the subsidiary companies will be made available by email to
members of the Company, seeking such information. These financial statements shall also be kept
open for inspection by any member at the registered office of the Company during business hours.
The members can send an e-mail to investors@bajajauto.co.in The financial statements of the Company
and its subsidiaries are also placed on the Company s website at
Subsidiaries
Acquisition of KTM AG, Europe s largest sports motorcycle
manufacturer
During FY2026, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary in the Netherlands viz.,
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV ( BAIH BV ), undertook a series of strategic transactions to support
the restructuring, revival and eventual acquisition of control of KTM AG ( KTM ), Austria, a leading
European manufacturer of off-road and street motorcycles, with strong Research and Development
(R&D)-led technology capabilities, a global geographic presence, and aspirational brands/products that
are considered to be market leaders, especially in the premium motorcycle segment. IT unites the globally
admired brands - KTM, Husqvarna and GASGAS under one roof.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
l Bajaj Auto - KTM strategic relationship
Bajaj Auto s strategic partnership with KTM dates back to 2007, when the Company entered into
a strategic alliance with KTM Group for the joint development, marketing and distribution of
motorcycles under KTM brand in India and overseas markets.
Until November 2025, the Company through BAIH BV, held a 49.9% stake in
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG ( BAIH AG ), formerly Pierer Bajaj AG, Austria.
BAIH AG holds a 74.94% stake in its listed subsidiary, Bajaj Mobility AG ( BMAG ),
formerly PIERER Mobility AG, Austria, with balance held by public shareholders. The shares of
BMAG are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and Vienna Stock Exchange. BMAG, in turn,
holds a 100% stake in KTM AG.
l KTM restructuring process and strategic facilitation by Bajaj Auto
Due to the acute liquidity challenges which could not serve the spiralling debt and working capital
constraints, that stifled routine business operations, KTM AG and its two operating subsidiaries entered
into a self-administrative restructuring process under the Austrian laws.
To address the KTM business acute liquidity challenges and enable a structured revival of the brand,
which has a strong heritage and acclaimed position worldwide, the Company through BAIH BV undertook
a set of strategic interventions by way of a combination of equity and debt fund infusion, amounting to
€ 880 million.
l Acquisition of controlling stake in KTM
Pursuant to the restructuring framework and receipt of all the required regulatory approvals in
November 2025, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, viz. BAIH BV, completed
the strategic acquisition of sole controlling stake in BAIH AG (formerly Pierer Bajaj AG), thereby
increasing its stake from 49.9% to 100%.
Accordingly, BAIH AG became a wholly owned subsidiary of BAIH BV and, in turn,
a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result, BMAG, KTM AG and their
other group entities, became step-down subsidiaries of BAIH BV and the Company.
l Post-acquisition developments and financial progress
In line with the change in ownership and control, Pierer Bajaj AG was renamed
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG in December 2025 and PIERER Mobility AG was renamed
Bajaj Mobility AG in January 2026. This was accompanied by the reconstitution of the Supervisory and
Management Boards of BAIH AG, BMAG and KTM AG.
As a part of its restructuring measure, KTM Group took various steps for the revival of its manufacturing
operations, supply chain, sales and marketing, workforce rationalization which has started yielding
positive results, with its listed holding company, BMAG reporting a consolidated revenue of € 1,009 million
for the year ended 31 December 2025 (as per IFRS).
Some of the other key performance highlights of the year 2025 include:
Strong recovery in the second half of the year with retail sales increased by approximately 60%
as compared to first half
Sales: 209,704 units
Restructuring gain: € 1,193 million
EBITDA: € 874 million
Net profit: € 590 million
Net debt significantly reduced to € 798 million
Inventories reduced by 101,153 units - from 248,580 to 147,427 vehicles
29 motorsport championship titles - the most successful year in the company s history.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
In February 2026, KTM AG successfully secured a refinancing facility of € 550 million from
an international banking consortium to refinance debt previously extended by BAIH BV as a part of
the restructuring process. This was followed by proportionate closure of bank loans availed by BAIH BV.
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV, Netherlands
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV ( BAIH BV ) is a 100% Netherlands-based subsidiary of
the Company and serves as the holding company for BAIH AG and its 67 subsidiaries, including
step-down subsidiaries, as on 31 March 2026, pursuant to the acquisition of control as detailed above.
During the year under review, the issued and paid-up share capital of BAIH BV was increased to
€ 323 million (H 2,421 crore) on account of additional investment of € 125 million (H 1,202 crore)
made by Bajaj Auto in the equity share capital of BAIH BV.
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda.
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda. ( Bajaj Brasil ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Bajaj Auto
with an issued and subscribed share capital of BRL 58 million (H 94 crore). The subsidiary was
established to address opportunities in Brazil s highly competitive market.
Bajaj Auto (Thailand) Ltd. was incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in Thailand
with paid-up share capital of Thai Baht (THB) 45 million (H 10 crore).
The subsidiary has set up an Engineering Design Centre, to expand R&D s reach to trend defining
markets and tap internationally available best designers. IT has all necessary approvals from
local authorities.
Bajaj Auto Spain, S.L.U.
Bajaj Auto Spain, S.L.U. was incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary in Barcelona, Spain with
an issued and subscribed share capital of € 600K (H 5 crore). The subsidiary has set up an Engineering
Design Centre ('EDC'), to expand R&D s reach and tap internationally available best designers. With all
necessary approvals from local authorities, this EDC is now fully operational.
PT. Bajaj Auto Indonesia ( PT BAI )
Routine business operations of PT BAI, a 99.25% subsidiary of Bajaj Auto, remain discontinued.
PT BAI would continue to study the evolving market and evaluate different possible opportunities.
Bajaj Auto Technology Ltd. ( BATL )
BATL was incorporated in October 2021 as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. This subsidiary
is adequately capitalised with a paid-up equity share capital of H 470 crore as on 31 March 2026.
Reflecting its new business dynamics, BATL remains focused on creating new cutting-edge and
disruptive technologies and products.
Bajaj Auto Credit Ltd. ( BACL )
BACL is a wholly owned captive financing subsidiary of Bajaj Auto, with a paid-up equity share capital
of H 2,700 crore as on 31 March 2026, established to support the retail ecosystem of Bajaj Auto s

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
two-wheeler and three-wheeler businesses. India s two-wheeler and three-wheeler markets remain
credit-driven, with nearly 65% - 75% of vehicles retailed through financing. BACL, therefore, serves as
a strategic growth engine, enabling Bajaj Auto to strengthen its domestic market position by offering
seamless, customized, and geographically diversified financing solutions.
More detailed information is given in the report on Management Discussion and Analysis, which forms
The Company s Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries, as adopted by the Board of Directors,
in conformity with regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, can be accessed on the
Company s website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/policies-codes
During FY2026, the Company did not have any material subsidiary. However, based on the audited
financial statements as on 31 March 2026, the Board of Directors has identified BAIH BV, BAIH AG,
BMAG and KTM AG as material subsidiaries of the Company for FY2027, in accordance
with regulations 16(1)(c) & 24(1) of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and the Company s Policy for
determining Material Subsidiaries. The Company is in the process of establishing the necessary
governance framework, oversight mechanisms and reporting processes for these entities,
in line with applicable regulatory requirements.
Joint Ventures and other matters
Investment in Yulu Bikes Pvt. Ltd. ( Yulu Bikes )
Yulu Bikes is India s largest shared electric mobility player, focused on enabling inclusive, affordable,
and sustainable last-mile mobility. Serving both individual users and commercial applications,
especially quick commerce, Yulu Bikes has become a critical part of last-mile logistics infrastructure.
IT operates across 10 cities in India, with a direct presence in the four metros viz., Bangalore, Mumbai,
NCR, and Hyderabad and franchise operations in six additional cities. In FY2026, Yulu Bikes deployed
approximately 48,000 electric two-wheelers, delivering 36% YoY revenue growth driven by fleet
expansion and improved utilization. Notably, IT has achieved EBITDA profitability during the year.
Your Company has also supported the development and production of electric two-wheelers for
Yulu Bikes fleet, supplying nearly 30,000 low-speed electric two-wheelers to date.
Looking ahead, Yulu Bikes plans to scale rapidly by expanding its geographic footprint and diversifying
its product offerings, reinforcing its position as a backbone for India s last-mile mobility ecosystem.
Your Company s total investment in Yulu Bikes stands at H 165 crore as on 31 March 2026.
Collaboration with Triumph Motorcycles Ltd. (Triumph)
With the launch of Triumph, Bajaj Auto has established a strong presence in the classic premium
motorcycle segment through collaboration with the iconic British brand. The product portfolio
comprises technology-led, high-performance motorcycles designed in their timeless forms. These
motorcycles are manufactured at Bajaj Auto s Chakan plant - 2, catering to the domestic and
international markets.
Bajaj Auto continued to expand the Triumph s retail network to 221 showrooms across 174 cities in
India (including 80 KTM-Triumph outlets), each built to Triumph s global brand standards. These outlets
also retail a curated range of accessories tailored for the 400cc India bikes.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Other Ventures/Associates
The Company does not have any associate company, nor has IT entered into a joint venture with
any other company.
Material Changes and Commitments
There have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company,
which have occurred between the end of the financial year 2025-26 and the date of this Report.
Auditors
Statutory Auditors
S R B C & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003) were re-appointed
as the statutory auditors of the Company by the members at the 15th AGM of the Company held on
26 July 2022 for a second term of five consecutive years from conclusion of the said AGM until
the conclusion of the 20th AGM to be held in the year 2027.
The report of the statutory auditors does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or
disclaimer.
Secretarial Auditors
Pursuant to the provisions of regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, 2015, as amended and
section 204 of the Act read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014, the members at the 18th AGM of the Company held on 06 August 2025,
based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board, approved the appointment of
Makarand M. Joshi & Co. ( MMJC ), a peer reviewed firm of Company Secretaries in Practice
(Firm Registration No. P2009MH007000, Peer Review No. 6832/2025), as secretarial auditors of the
Company for a term of five consecutive years, commencing from conclusion of the said AGM until the
conclusion of the 23rd AGM to be held in the year 2030. The secretarial audit report in Form MR-3 for
the financial year 2025-26 is annexed to this Directors Report as Annexure I.
In addition to the above, pursuant to regulation 24A(2) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, as amended,
the secretarial compliance report for the financial year 2025-26 has been issued by MMJC,
secretarial auditors of the Company and the same will be submitted to the stock exchanges where
the shares of the Company are listed within the stipulated timeframe. The report will also be made
available on the website of the Company.
The secretarial audit report for the financial year 2025-26 does not contain qualification, reservation or
adverse remark or disclaimer, except the remark pertaining to the post-facto approval of the members
obtained for material related party transactions undertaken through the Company s wholly owned
subsidiary, BAIH BV, as a part of the restructuring of KTM AG and its two subsidiaries. The rationale for
seeking the post-facto approval has been adequately explained in the postal ballot notice dated 10 July 2025
which is available on the Company s website at
https://www.bajajauto.com/-/media/images/bajajauto/media-kit/press-release/disclosures/disclosures-
_-exchange-intimations/2025-26/postal-ballot-notice---final.pdf
The said material related party transactions were approved by the members (excluding the members
who were related parties of the Company, irrespective of whether related to the aforesaid transaction(s)),
by way of an ordinary resolution passed on 16 August 2025, through postal ballot with a majority of 98.37%.
Adequate disclosures were made to the stock exchanges at every stage, as required under the Listing

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Further, except as stated above, there are no other qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks or
disclaimers in the secretarial compliance report for the financial year 2025-26.
Cost Auditor
Pursuant to the provisions of section 148 of the Act, the Board of Directors on the recommendation of
the Audit Committee has appointed R.B. Laddha & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 004689)
as the cost auditor of the Company for the financial year ending on 31 March 2027 and have
recommended their remuneration to the members for ratification at the ensuing AGM. Accordingly,
a resolution seeking members ratification for the remuneration payable to the cost auditor forms part
of the Notice of the ensuing AGM.
The cost auditor has furnished the eligibility certificate along with his consent to such appointment in
terms of the relevant provisions of the Act read with rules framed thereunder. The Audit Committee has
also received a certificate from the cost auditor certifying their independence and arm s length
relationship with the Company.
As per the provisions of section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules,
2014, the Company is required to maintain cost records and accordingly, such accounts and records
are maintained.
Internal Audit
At the beginning of each financial year, an audit plan is rolled out with approval of the Company s
Audit Committee. The plan is aimed at evaluation of the efficacy and adequacy of internal control
systems and compliance thereof, robustness of internal processes, policies and accounting procedures
and compliance with laws and regulations. Based on the reports of internal audit, process owners
undertake corrective action in their respective areas. Significant audit observations and corrective
actions are periodically presented to the Audit Committee of the Board.
Details regarding frauds reported by Auditors
under section 143(12) of the Act
In terms of the provisions of section 143(12) of the Act read with rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014, during the year under review, the auditors have not reported any frauds to
the Audit Committee or to the Board and therefore, no details pursuant to the provisions of section 134(3)(ca)
of the Act are required to be disclosed.
Details of Internal Financial Controls with reference
to the Financial Statements
The Company has documented its internal financial controls considering the essential components of
various critical processes, both physical and operational. This includes its design, implementation and
maintenance, along with periodic internal review of operational effectiveness and sustenance
and whether these are commensurate with the nature of its business and the size and complexity
of its operations.
This ensures orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company s
policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention of errors, accuracy and completeness of the accounting
records and the timely preparation of reliable financial information.
Internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements were adequate and
operating effectively.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Risk Management Policy
In terms of regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the Board of your Company has adopted
a Risk Management Policy, which inter alia, provides for framework for identification of internal
and external risks faced by the Company, including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability,
information, cyber security, strategic or any other risk as may be determined by the Risk Management
Committee and the measures for risk mitigation, reporting of critical risks within the Company
and business continuity plan.
The Risk Management Committee oversees the risk management process in the Company.
The Audit Committee has an additional oversight on the financial risks and controls.
Information on the implementation of the Risk Management Policy is given in the
Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Corporate Governance
Pursuant to the Listing Regulations, 2015, a detailed report on Corporate Governance, has been
included in this Annual Report along with the reports on Management Discussion and Analysis and
General Shareholder Information.
All the Board members and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of
Conduct for directors and senior management of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2026.
A declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director and CEO of the Company is contained
in this Annual Report.
The Managing Director and CEO and the Chief Financial Officer have certified to the Board with
regard to the financial statements and other matters as required under regulation 17(8) of
the Listing Regulations, 2015.
Pursuant to the Listing Regulations, 2015, a certificate from the practicing company secretary
regarding compliance of conditions of corporate governance is annexed to the
Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Particulars of Contracts or Arrangements with
Related Parties
Related party transactions at Bajaj Auto
Your Company has in place a robust process for approval of related party transactions and on dealing
with related parties. All transactions with related parties and subsequent modifications are placed
before the Audit Committee for its review and prior approval. Omnibus approval is obtained for
all related party transactions that are foreseen and repetitive in nature. A statement detailing
the related party transactions entered into pursuant to the omnibus approval is reviewed by the
Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.
All contracts/arrangements/transactions entered into by the Company during FY2026 with related parties
were in the ordinary course of business and on arm s length basis and in accordance with the
applicable provisions of the Act, the Listing Regulations, 2015 and as per the Company s Policy on
materiality of & dealing with Related Party Transactions. The Company has also engaged an
independent accounting firm to ensure that transactions carried out with related parties strictly
adhere to arm s length principles and are consistent with best market practices.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Material related party transactions approved by the members of
the Company during FY2026
During the year under review, the members of the Company approved, on a post-facto basis,
the material related party transaction(s), by way of an ordinary resolution passed on 16 August 2025
through postal ballot conducted by remote e-voting. The approval pertained to transactions between:
(i) BAIH BV, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and (ii) Pierer Bajaj AG ( PBAG ),
subsequently renamed Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG , PIERER Mobility AG ( PMAG ),
subsequently renamed Bajaj Mobility AG and KTM AG ( KTM ), the related parties of the Company
(purely through and due to the Company s erstwhile indirect shareholding of ~37.4% in KTM),
in connection with restructuring support provided to KTM AG and its two subsidiaries.
In terms of the then applicable provisions of regulation 2(1)(zc), regulation 23(2)(c) read with the
first proviso to regulation 23(1) and regulation 23(4) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the material
related party transactions (i.e., the related party transactions whether on an individual basis or taken
together with previous transactions during a financial year, exceed H 1,000 crore or 10% of the annual
consolidated turnover as per the last audited financial statements of the Company, whichever is lower),
necessitated prior approval of the Company s members.
Accordingly, the Company sought approval of the members for the aforementioned transactions
entered into by BAIH BV with PBAG, PMAG and KTM AG for an aggregate value not exceeding
€ 865 million during FY2026.
More details of the said material related party transactions are set out in the postal ballot
notice dated 10 July 2025, which is available on the website of the Company at
https://www.bajajauto.com/-/media/images/bajajauto/media-kit/press-release/disclosures/
disclosures-_-exchange-intimations/2025-26/postal-ballot-notice---final.pdf
Policy on Related Party Transactions
During the year under review, the Board of Directors, based on the recommendations of the
Audit Committee, approved and took note of the revision to the Policy on materiality of & dealing with
Related Party Transactions. These revisions were undertaken to incorporate the recent amendments to
the Listing Regulations, 2015 and to further strengthen the Company s governance mechanism in
relation to the related party transactions.
The revised Policy is available on the Company s website at
Statutory Disclosures
Details of transactions with related parties during FY2026 are provided in the notes to the
During the year under review, there were no contracts or arrangements or transactions requiring
approval under section 188(1) of the Act.
In accordance with the reporting requirements specified in section 134(3)(h) of the Act read with
rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the particulars of the material contracts or
arrangements or transactions entered into by the Company with its related party during FY2026
at arm s length basis, referred to in section 188(1) of the Act are provided in Form AOC-2,
which is annexed to this Directors Report as Annexure II.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The Company in terms of regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, 2015 submits on the date of
publication of its standalone and consolidated financial results for the half year, disclosures of
related party transactions, in the format specified by the SEBI. The said disclosures are available
on the Company s website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/disclosures
Changes in Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel ( KMP ) of
the Company during the year under review and up to the date of this report are as under:
Re-appointment
As reported last year, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
and the Board, the members of the Company vide special resolution(s) passed on 30 April 2025,
through postal ballot conducted by remote e-voting process, approved:
re-appointment of Rajiv Bajaj (DIN: 00018262) as the Managing Director and CEO of the Company
for another term of five years effective from 01 April 2025 to 31 March 2030, including
remuneration; and
ii. re-appointment of Abhinav Bindra (DIN: 00929250) as a Non-executive independent director
of the Company for a second term of five years effective from 20 May 2025 to 19 May 2030.

In the opinion of the Board, Abhinav Bindra upholds the highest standards of integrity and possesses
the requisite experience, expertise and proficiency, which adds value to the Board in the effective
discharge of its functions.
The Board, at its meeting held on 18 March 2026, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, approved the re-appointment of Pradeep Shrivastava (DIN: 07464437)
as a Whole-time director, designated as Executive director of the Company for a further term of five
years effective from 01 April 2026 to 31 March 2031.

In terms of the provisions of regulation 17(1C) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the Company is
required to obtain approval of the members for appointment or re-appointment of directors at the
next general meeting or within a period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever is
earlier. Accordingly, the approval of the members for re-appointment of Pradeep Shrivastava is
being sought by way of a postal ballot.
Change in Designation and Appointment
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board, at its
meeting held on 06 May 2026, approved the re designation and appointment of Rakesh Sharma
(DIN: 08262670), presently a Whole-time director designated as Executive director of the Company,
as Joint Managing Director, for a period from 01 June 2026 to 31 March 2029, subject to the approval
of the members of the Company.
Accordingly, the special resolution seeking approval of the members for his re-designation and
appointment as Joint Managing Director of the Company forms part of the Notice of ensuing AGM.
The Board is of the opinion that his continued association with the Company in the enhanced role will
be beneficial to the Company, considering his experience, leadership qualities, and contribution to
the growth of the Company.
Cessation
There was no cessation of any director or key managerial personnel from the Company during
the year under review.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Retirement by Rotation
Pursuant to the provisions of section 152 of the Act, Sanjiv Bajaj (DIN: 00014615), Non-executive,
non-independent director of the Company is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and
being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment. The Board recommends his re-appointment.
Brief details of Sanjiv Bajaj are given in the Notice of ensuing AGM.
Except as stated above, there were no other changes in the directors and key managerial personnel of
the Company during the year under review and up to the date of this report.
Detailed information on the directors is provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part
of this Annual Report.
Number of Meetings of the Board
During the year under review, seven Board meetings were held. The details of the meetings held and
attended by the directors during FY2026 are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms
Committees of the Board
The Board of Directors have constituted the following Committees in order to effectively deliberate its
duties under the Act and the Listing Regulations, 2015:
Audit Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Risk Management Committee
Duplicate Share Certificate Issuance Committee
Details of the Committees in respect of its composition, terms of reference and meetings held during
FY2026 are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Directors Responsibility Statement
As required under clause (c) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act, the directors of your Company,
to the best of their knowledge and belief, state that:
in the preparation of the annual accounts for the financial year ended on 31 March 2026,
the applicable accounting standards had been followed along with proper explanation relating
to material departures, where applicable;
they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2026 and of the profits of your Company for the financial
year ended 31 March 2026;
they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in
accordance with the provisions of the Act, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
the annual accounts for the financial year ended on 31 March 2026 have been prepared on a going
concern basis;
they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that, to the best
of their knowledge, examination and analysis, such internal financial controls are adequate and
operating effectively; and
they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws
and that, to the best of their knowledge, such systems are adequate and operating effectively.
Declaration by Independent Directors
In terms of the provisions of section 149 of the Act and the Listing Regulations, 2015, the independent
directors on the Board of your Company as on the date of this report are Anami N. Roy, Dr. Naushad
Forbes, Pradip Shah, Abhinav Bindra, Vinita Bali and Dr. Sangita Reddy.
The Company has received declaration pursuant to section 149(7) of the Act and regulation 25 of
the Listing Regulations, 2015 from all the independent directors stating that they meet the criteria of
independence as provided in section 149(6) of the Act read with regulations 16 and 25 of the Listing
The independent directors have also confirmed compliance with the provisions of section 150 of the
Act read with rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014,
relating to inclusion of their name in the independent director s databank of the Indian Institute of
Corporate Affairs.
The Board of Directors of your Company have taken on record the said declaration and confirmation
submitted by the independent directors after undertaking due assessment of the veracity of the same
in terms of regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations, 2015.
In the opinion of the Board, the independent directors fulfil the conditions specified in the Act as well as
the rules made thereunder read with the Listing Regulations, 2015 and have complied with the code for
independent directors prescribed in schedule IV to the Act.
Formal Annual Evaluation of the Performance of
the Board, its Committees, Chairman and
Individual Directors
The annual evaluation of performance of the Board of Directors, its committees, chairman and
individual directors for the reporting year was conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Act
and the Listing Regulations, 2015.
Information on the process of the formal annual evaluation made by the Board of its own performance
and that of its committees, chairman and individual directors is given in the Corporate Governance Report,
which forms part of this Annual Report.
Remuneration Policy
Pursuant to section 178(3) of the Act and regulation 19(4) read with part D of schedule II of
the Listing Regulations, 2015, your Company has in place the Remuneration Policy which provides
for a whole gamut of compensation philosophy for rewarding and retaining talent.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The salient features of the policy are detailed in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of
this Annual Report. During the year under review, there has been no change to the policy.
The Policy is available on the Company s website at
Particulars of Employees and Remuneration
Details as required under the provisions of section 197(12) of the Act read with rule 5(1) of
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, containing,
inter alia, ratio of remuneration of directors and KMP to median remuneration of employees and
percentage increase in the median remuneration are annexed to this Directors Report as Annexure III.
A statement containing details of top ten employees in terms of the remuneration drawn and
other specified employees as required under the provisions of section 197(12) of the Act read with
rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014, forms part of this Directors Report. In terms of the provisions of section 136 of the Act,
the report is being sent to the members excluding the aforesaid statement. This statement will be
made available by email to members of the Company seeking such information and shall also be kept
open for inspection by any member at the registered office of the Company during business hours.
The members can send an e-mail to investors@bajajauto.co.in
Employee Stock Option Scheme
Your Company grants share-based benefits to eligible employees with a view to attracting and retaining
talent, to encourage employees to align individual performance with the Company objectives and to
promote their increased participation in the growth of the Company through Bajaj Auto Employee Stock
Option Scheme 2019 ( BAL-ESOS 2019 / the Scheme ). The BAL-ESOS 2019 was originally approved by
the members of the Company through a special resolution passed by postal ballot on 13 March 2019.
Further, the members at the 17th AGM of the Company held on 16 July 2024, approved amendments
to the BAL-ESOS 2019, inter alia, to expand the categories and base of employees to include
the employees of group and associate companies for grant of options, in accordance with
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021 ( ESOP Regulations ). The Scheme was also amended to revise certain criteria
relating to retirement, transfer/deputation, death/permanent incapacity.
During the year under review, there has been no change in the BAL-ESOS 2019. The Scheme,
as amended, is in compliance with the ESOP Regulations and is available on the Company s website
at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/disclosures-under-regulation-46-of-the-sebi-lodr
During FY2026, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board granted 380,048 stock options
convertible into equivalent number of equity shares of H 10 each at a grant price of H 8,849 being the
closing market price on the NSE on the day preceding the day of grant to the eligible employees of your
Company and its Indian subsidiaries as per the terms and conditions of the Scheme, as amended.
Pursuant to the provisions of ESOP Regulations, the certificate received from the secretarial auditors of
the Company confirming implementation of the Scheme in accordance with the said regulations and
the resolutions passed by the members, will be made available at the AGM.
In terms of regulation 14 of the ESOP Regulations, a statement giving complete details,
as at 31 March 2026, is available on the website of the Company at
Details of options vested, exercised and cancelled are provided in the notes to the standalone

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
The details of the vigil mechanism (whistle blower policy) are given in the Report on
Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Annual Report.
The Policy is available on the Company s website at
Prevention of Sexual Harassment
Your Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted a Policy on
Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 ( PoSH Act ) and rules framed
thereunder. All employees (including trainees, apprentices and probationers) of the Company at all its
locations are covered in this policy.
Internal Complaints Committee ( ICC ) is in place at all relevant locations to redress complaints of
sexual harassment and the Company has complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of
ICC under the PoSH Act.
During the year under review, no complaints pertaining to sexual harassment of women employees
were filed in terms of the PoSH Act. Accordingly, there were no complaints pending resolution for
more than ninety days and no complaints remained unresolved as on 31 March 2026.
Your Company holds a strong commitment to provide a safe, secure and productive work environment
to all its employees. The Company strives to ensure that every employee is informed and compliant
with all statutory policies and practices. PoSH awareness and sensitisation are an integral part of this
process. For all new joiners, PoSH training is a part of the Induction and Onboarding module . On a
regular basis, refresher courses are planned at different locations, as mentioned below:
In the form of in-person interventions for employees and ICC members.
Online training which is self-paced and easily accessible on Bajaj Auto Learning and Development
Platform ( BOLT ).
Compliance relating to the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
In accordance with the Companies (Accounts) Second Amendment Rules, 2025 notified by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs on 30 May 2025, the Board confirms that the Company is fully compliant with the
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.
The Company remains committed to upholding its Maternity Policy in strict accordance with both
the intent and provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, and continues to provide maternity leave
benefits, protection of employment during the maternity period, insurance coverage, creche facilities and
post-maternity engagement initiatives, while fostering a supportive and inclusive work environment.
Industrial Relations
With holistic development of all as core principle, your Company has prioritised well-being,
diversity, inclusion, and equal opportunities for all its employees, continuously. Strong focus on
skill enhancement, participation and appreciation has strengthened the culture of innovation and
business excellence at Bajaj Auto.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
FY2026 has further strengthened industrial harmony and reinforced proactive industrial relations
framework through enhanced employee engagement. Building on a strong foundation of participative
governance, grievance resolution, and welfare initiatives, this year also Bajaj Auto has continued to set
benchmarks for inclusivity, compliance, and organizational effectiveness.
For ensuring employee well-being and engagement, philosophy of 'Yutori - Joy at Workplace', with its
three-pronged approach, is adopted by the Company. IT has a people centric approach, highlighting
employee well-being through physical, mental, and spiritual upliftment thereby driving higher
engagement, improved efficiency, enhanced standards and a stronger TPM culture. This has helped to
inculcate a positive and fulfilling professional environment at all levels.
1.
Body - Physical Happiness: focuses on provision of a clean, safe, healthy and ergonomically
better work environment.
2.
Mind - Mental Happiness: focuses on training, multiskilling, stress free working conditions,
rewards and recognition along with providing multiple platforms for both-way communications.
3.
Soul - Spiritual Wellbeing: focuses on collaborative culture development, trust building through
family care, celebration of various events & festivals and emotional wellness through yoga,
meditation and counselling sessions.
TPM, embedded deep inside the Company culture, as always, stayed as the core of continuous evolution
towards excellence, involving all employees. Footprints of TPM journey have been marked across all
functions, with special mention for two major milestones in FY2026. Chakan plant - 2, conducted its
TPM kick-off ceremony, thus taking the first step towards excellence.
Efforts and effects of TPM implementation were also evident through many awards and recognition
received by all functions of the Company from various national level institutes like JIPM, CII, QCFI, and IIIE.
The committee-driven framework, promoting active collaboration with various committees, which are
dedicated to worker welfare, has achieved robust coordination and participative management. IT has
helped substantially, in prevention of any major grievance.
Relations with unions remained friendly and transparent, reflecting the shared commitment of
the Company and union in ensuring a balanced and prosperous future.
A gender diverse pool of motivated employees has been developed and retained. Participation of
women in the talent pool has been improved by aligning and developing targeted policies ensuring
women s safety at work, hosting empowerment events, and rewarding female employees to foster
an inclusive and caring workplace.
Aligned to the Yutori philosophy all employees have access to various recreational and sports facilities
including gym, indoor sports, track & field and yoga, dance, music zones. Giving special importance to
mental health, your Company has partnered with leading organizations that specialize in mental well-being
of employees.
Considering employee health a top priority, a robust health support system has been provided for
all. Tie ups with reputed hospitals ensure quality and emergency assistance, which enhances
employee confidence.
For lasting social impact, various charitable events such as donation drives, NGO stalls, reforestation
drives, etc. were organised which witnessed active and voluntary participation from employees.
The Company takes immense pride in providing its talented employees with opportunities to showcase
their skills in drama competitions organized by the Government of Maharashtra at the state level. Their
dedication and creativity have earned them numerous prestigious awards and recognitions. Additionally,
employees have shown remarkable athletic prowess by winning awards and accolades in
the Athletic (Masters) Championship held at the national level in Alwar, Rajasthan. Their achievements
continue to inspire excellence and bring honour to the Company.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Constant employee development, employee satisfaction, trust building, meaningful and ongoing welfare
measures continue to be the driving force behind proactive employee engagement. These efforts
helped in developing a powerful sense of belongingness and understanding at workplace, which
motivates and supports every employee at Bajaj Auto to excel beyond limits.
Anti-Corruption Initiatives
Your Company has established several policies to prevent corruption within the organisation. These are
suitably integrated with the business operations. Your Company also has adequate disclosure practices
with regard to anti-corruption activities. Some of these practices are given below:
Signing of the Anti-Corruption Initiative of World Economic
Forum (WEF)
In support of the initiative taken by WEF, the Company is a signatory to the Commitment to
Anti-Corruption' and is supporting the Partnering Against Corruption-Principles for Countering Bribery'
derived from Transparency International s Business Principles. This calls for a commitment to two
fundamental actions, viz., a zero-tolerance policy towards bribery and the development of a practical
and effective implementation programme.
Adoption of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Charters
Your Company, being a member of CII, has adopted the following Codes/Charters:
1. CII Code of Conduct for Affirmative Action.
2. Model Code of Conduct for Ethical Business practices.
3. Charters of Fair and Responsible Workplace Guidelines for Collaborative Employee Relations.
4. Charters on Fair and Responsible Workplace Guidelines for Contract Labour.
More details on the subject are given in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, which
forms part of this Annual Report and the same has been hosted on the Company s website and can be
accessed at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/financial-and-operational-performance
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Bajaj is a catalyst for social empowerment .
At Bajaj Auto, our commitment to society extends well beyond our business operations. As a responsible
corporate citizen, we continue to undertake community development initiatives that have
empowered generations.
In line with this ethos, the Company s CSR initiatives are aligned with its core purpose, focusing
on skilling, education, environmental sustainability, and health.The Company s flagship programs:
Bajaj Engineering Skills Training (BEST), Bajaj Manufacturing Systems (BMS) Certification program,
Service Technician Excellence Program (STEP), Sakhi Skills Kendra (SSK) and Rupa Rahul Bajaj
Scholarship for Women in Engineering (RRBSWE) drive its overarching commitment towards skill
development and STEM education.
The detailed information on CSR initiatives undertaken by your Company during the financial year ended
31 March 2026 is provided in the report on Management Discussion and Analysis, which forms part of
this Annual Report.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The Annual Report on CSR activities pursuant to the provisions of sections 134 and 135 of the Act
read with rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and rule 9 of
the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed to this Directors Report as Annexure IV.
Taking into account the commitments made by the Company for the ongoing CSR projects/programs
which are in progress and considering the project mode of CSR activity where the projects can extend
beyond the financial year, as also the amount transferred to Unspent CSR Account , in terms of the
provisions of section 135(6) of the Act, there is no shortfall in the CSR expenditure mandated to be
spent by the Company during the financial year ended 31 March 2026.
The Chief Financial Officer of the Company has certified that the funds disbursed have been utilised for
the purpose and in a manner approved by the Board for FY2026.
The CSR Committee confirms that the implementation and monitoring of the CSR Policy was done in
compliance with the CSR objectives and policy of the Company.
The CSR Policy is hosted on the Company s website at
https://www.bajajauto.com/-/media/bajajauto/Investors/code-policy/BAL-Revised-CSR-Policy-29-
April-2021.ashx
Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report (BRSR)
In terms of regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI master circular no.
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30 January 2026, the Company has included
a detailed BRSR for the financial year 2025-26 in the prescribed format as part of this Annual Report,
describing various initiatives, actions and process of the Company in conducting its business in line
with its environmental, social and governance obligations along with the assurance statement on
BRSR Core, issued by an independent external assurance agency, viz., DNV Business Assurance India Pvt. Ltd.
As a green initiative, the same has been hosted on Company s website and can be accessed at
A copy of the BRSR will be made available by email to any shareholder on request.
Research and Development (R&D) and
Technology Absorption
During FY2026, R&D focused on all the key segments, strengthening the Bajaj Auto s portfolio. A strong
product roadmap has been developed for each business segment and is being executed to strengthen
the brands in each segment as well as to explore new opportunities.
Products
Many new products were launched during the year under review. Pulsar and Chetak EV have been
consistently upgraded over the years to keep IT in sync with changing times. Information on
the new products is covered in the report on Management Discussion and Analysis.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Processes
R&D has been working on improving its operations in several areas as listed below:
Manpower: R&D has reorganised itself to align its teams to the key business segments Bajaj Auto
operates in. The structure has also been made flatter for greater agility and better flow of
information. R&D has expanded its team size carefully in strategic areas of design, analysis and
validation, to facilitate the rapidly expanding aspirations of the Company.
Facilities: R&D continued to enhance its design, computing, prototype manufacturing and validation
facilities. Several new test facilities and prototyping facilities were added.
Patent: R&D continues its focus on building up the IP portfolio by filing patents covering various
areas of powertrain, vehicle and integration. Also, numerous design registrations have been made
to cover the new vehicle designs.
Technology
As in the past, new and improved technologies have been introduced during the year. Such information
is covered in the report on Management Discussion and Analysis.
Expenditure incurred on R&D
(H In Crore)
Particulars
FY2026
FY2025
i. Capital (including technical know-how)
126.05
51.56
ii. Recurring
566.76
574.10
Total
692.81
625.66
Total R&D expenditure as a percentage of sales
1.23%
1.30%
Conservation of energy
Your Company s commitment to sustainability is reflected in the ongoing efforts to conserve energy and
optimize resource use across all its manufacturing facilities including the corporate office in Pune.
By integrating advanced technologies, enhancing process efficiencies, and strengthening operational
controls, the Company is systematically reducing its environmental footprint. At the same time,
the Company is increasing the share of renewable energy in its operations, further aligning with its
long-term sustainability goals.
These initiatives have resulted in consistent year-on-year reductions in energy and water consumption,
supporting responsible resource management.
Beyond environmental benefits, your Company s efforts also deliver operational efficiencies and
cost optimization. The following key initiatives demonstrate your Company s continued progress
towards building a more sustainable, resilient, and energy-efficient organization:
Electrical Energy
Use of energy efficient compressors for compressed air supply.
Increased usage of energy-efficient equipment such as motors, fans, etc.
Periodic reconditioning of transformers to prevent losses due to ageing.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Use of hermetically sealed natural oil-cooled transformers.
Sequential start and stop system at PTED process to optimise energy usage.
Optimised compressed air pressure setting across all plants.
Use of BLDC blowers for AHU in place of conventional blowers.
Use of highly energy efficient LED lights across all plants.
Timers for power on/off based on the working times across all processes.
Continued efforts on power factor improvement through RTFC at the substation.
Water
Zero Liquid Discharge ( ZLD ) at all plants by recycling of treated effluent and sewage.
Installation of RO polishing unit to reduce DM water reject quantity.
Hydropneumatics pumping system to eliminate localized water storage.
Replacement of underground old pipelines with above ground new pipelines .
Reuse of treated water for auxiliary activities such as cooling towers, landscaping, etc.
Use of drip irrigation and sprinklers for horticulture.
Continued use of auto shut-off taps in the canteen and offices.
Rainwater harvesting through water ponds.
Ground water recharging to the extent of 11 lakh kL is done every year.
LPG/Propane
Burner optimisation at colour line baking oven.
Reduced thermal losses in paint ovens through enhanced insulation.
Low-temperature degreasing chemicals.
ASU optimisation through reducing humidity spread.
Continued use of magnetic resonators in the gas train pipeline.
Ongoing use of low-temperature chemicals for pre-treatment processes.
Optimised running hours of paint shops for efficient use of fuel.
Installed energy-efficient cooking equipment in the canteen.
Adopted energy-efficient burners in the canteen for improved fuel utilization.
Utilisation of renewable energy - key initiatives
Ongoing solar power generation from solar plants having total capacity of 18 MW.
Hot water rooftop solar system for canteen and residential area.
Use of natural day light system.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Impact of measures taken
As a result of the initiatives taken for conservation of energy and water, the Company has achieved
an overall reduction in consumption as given in the table below:
Description
% Reduction w.r.t.
previous year
FY2026
FY2025
Electricity consumption
4.23
2.07
Water consumption
6.04
2.45
LPG/PNG consumption
3.0
0.92
Investment and savings
(H In Crore)
Description
FY2026
FY2025
Investment for energy conservation activities
3.14
1.86
Recurring savings achieved through above activities
2.95
1.64
The Company will continue to closely monitor energy consumption, refine its strategies, and remain
committed to achieving its long-term energy objectives. At times, the Company will further reduce its
environmental footprint and enhance energy efficiency across all operations through the TPM methodology.
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
The Company continued to be a net foreign exchange earner during the year under review.
Total foreign exchange earned by the Company during the financial year 2025-26 was
H 19,882.92 crore, as compared to H 15,864.36 crore during the financial year 2024-25.
Total foreign exchange outflow during the financial year 2025-26 was H 4,431.01 crore,
as against H 2,583.68 crore during the financial year 2024-25.
Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments
During the year under review, no guarantees were given by the Company in terms of the provisions of
section 186 of the Act read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014.
The details of loans and investments made by the Company in terms of section 186 of the Act read with
the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 are detailed in the financial statements.
Annual Return
Pursuant to the provisions of section 92(3) of the Act read with the Companies (Management and
Administration) Rules, 2014, the annual return for FY2026, is uploaded on the Company s website and
can be accessed at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/financial-and-operational-performance

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Investor Education and Protection Fund
The details pertaining to the transfer of unclaimed dividend amount and shares to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) have been provided in General Shareholder Information, which
forms part of this Annual Report.
Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary is also the Nodal Officer of the Company, appointed pursuant to
rule 7(2A) of the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer
and Refund) Rules, 2016 and the relevant details are available on the Company s website at
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/investor-services
Secretarial Standards of ICSI
The Company has complied with the requirements prescribed under the Secretarial Standards on
Meetings of the Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2).
Significant and Material Orders passed by
the Regulators or Courts
During the year under review, there were no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or
courts or tribunals, which may impact the going concern status of the Company and its operations
in future.
Presentation of Financial Statements
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2026 have been disclosed as per
division ll of schedule III to the Act.
Indian Accounting Standards, 2015
The annexed financial statements comply in all material aspects with Indian Accounting Standards
('Ind AS') notified under section 133 of the Act, the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
2015 and other relevant provisions of the Act.
Other Disclosures
There is no change in the nature of business of the Company during FY2026.
The Managing Director and the Whole-time director(s) of the Company, as per the terms of
appointment, do not draw any commission or remuneration from subsidiary companies.
Your Company has not accepted any public deposits under chapter V of the Act read with the
Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 during FY2026.
A cash flow statement for FY2026 is attached to the Balance Sheet.
The securities of the Company were not suspended from trading during the year under review on
account of corporate actions or otherwise.
There was no revision to the financial statements and Directors Report of the Company during the
year under review.
Details as prescribed under section 134 of the Act and rules made thereunder, applicable to the
Company, have been specifically given in this Report, wherever applicable.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Awards and Accolades
Your Company s consistent efforts towards manufacturing excellence and other initiatives were
acknowledged by the following awards and accolades received during the year under review:
Bajaj Auto s Pantnagar plant received the prestigious Advanced Special Award for TPM Achievement
from the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance ( JIPM ).

The two excellent case studies presented by the Pantnagar plant were also recognised as winners
of the TPM Excellence Award - TPM Excellent Case Study Commendation by JIPM.
Bajaj Auto was honoured with two prestigious National IP awards - one from the Ministry of
Commerce and Industry (Indian IP Office) as a Top Indian company for designs, filing, registration
and commercialisation and another from the Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII ) for Best design
registration portfolio and as a Top 30 IP driven organization in India , reinforcing its standing as
one of India s most forward-looking, innovation-driven organizations.
Bajaj Auto has been ranked among the World s Best Companies 2025 and named one of
India s Best Employers 2025 by TIME Magazine and Statista.
Bajaj Auto was recognized on Forbes World s Best Employers 2025 list , marking the fifth
consecutive year the Company has received this distinguished global recognition. Bajaj Auto is
among the top 10 companies from India identified in this esteemed ranking.
Bajaj Auto was recognized as a Company with Great Managers - 2025 by the Great Manager
Awards, presented by People Business, marking its fifth consecutive year of receiving this
recognition. This consistent achievement places the Company among a select group of
organizations known for their strong managerial capabilities.
The Investor Relations ( IR ) function of Bajaj Auto received wide recognition for the second
consecutive year in the Institutional Investor Executive Team Rankings in 2025. The Company s CFO,
IRO and IR team were in the top ranks, voted by the buy-side investors and sell-side analysts in the
Autos & Auto Parts sector in Asia (excl. China/Japan). Further, Bajaj Auto secured rankings in 11 of
the 12 relevant categories, making IT one of the Most Honoured Companies among the 37 Auto
sector and 998 total companies.
Acknowledgements
The directors express their heartfelt gratitude to the members, customers, dealers, suppliers, bankers,
government and all other stakeholders for their continuous support to the Company and their
confidence in its Management.
The directors would also like to convey its appreciation to the employees at all levels for their
significant contribution towards the Company s performance.
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Pune: 06 May 2026

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure I to the Directors Report
Secretarial Audit Report (Form No. MR-3)
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
For the financial year ended 31 March 2026
Akurdi, Pune-411035, Maharashtra
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and
the adherence to good corporate practices by Bajaj Auto Ltd. (hereinafter called the Company ).
The secretarial audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance of the applicable laws and maintenance of
records based on audit. We have conducted the audit in accordance with the applicable Auditing Standards
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The Auditing Standards requires that the
Auditor shall comply with statutory and regulatory requirements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable laws and maintenance of records.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and
other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its
officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby
report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended
on 31 March 2026 (hereinafter called the Audit Period ) complied with the statutory provisions listed
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place
to the extent, in the manner and subject to reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on 31 March 2026 according to the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and the rules made thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ( SCRA ) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the
extent of Overseas Direct Investment (Foreign Direct Investment and External Commercial
Borrowings are not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of
India Act, 1992 ( SEBI Act ): -
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011;
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018 (Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021;
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)
Regulations, 2021 (Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 1993 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share
Transfer Agents) Regulations, 2025 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021
(Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); and
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018
(Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period).
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and amendments made thereunder ( Listing Regulations ).
During the Audit Period the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines and Standards etc. as mentioned above except that the Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV
(registered in the Netherlands), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has entered into material
related party transaction with Pierer Bajaj AG, PIERER Mobility AG and KTM AG (registered in Austria)
for restructuring support for KTM AG and its subsidiaries, related parties of the Company, without
obtaining prior approval of the shareholders as per regulation 23 of Listing Regulations. However, the
transaction was subsequently approved by the shareholders.
We further report that, having regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company and on the
examination of the relevant documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the
Company has complied with the following law applicable specifically to the Company:
a) The Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 and
b) The Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989.
We further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of executive,
non-executive directors and independent directors. During the Audit Period there were no changes in
composition of the Board of Directors other than re-appointment of Managing Director and Independent
Director that carried out in compliance with the provision of the Act and Listing Regulations.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on
agenda were sent at least seven days (except in one instance where meeting is convened at a shorter
notice for which necessary approvals obtained as per applicable provisions) and a system exists for
seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are carried out unanimously as recorded in
the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee of the Board, as the case may be.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
We further report that there are systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules,
regulations, and guidelines. The adequacy and efficacy of the same shall be read in the context of
remarks made in this report.
We further report that during the Audit Period, the Company has Issued and allotted 240,230 equity
shares pursuant to exercise of options granted under Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2019.
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an
integral part of this report.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cert. No.: 6832/2025
Kumudini Bhalerao
Partner
FCS: 6667
Date: 06 May 2026
CP No.: 6690
Place: Mumbai
UDIN: F006667H000291446

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure A to the Secretarial Audit Report
Akurdi, Pune - 411035.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable
assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was
done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that
the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of
Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of
laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,
standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of
procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of
the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cert. No.: 6832/2025
Kumudini Bhalerao
Partner
FCS: 6667
Date: 06 May 2026
CP No.: 6690
Place: Mumbai
UDIN: F006667H000291446

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure II to Directors Report
Form No. AOC-2
[Pursuant to section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 8(2) of
the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Disclosure of particulars of contracts or arrangements entered into by the Company with
related parties referred to in section 188(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm s length
transactions under fourth proviso thereto for the financial year ended 31 March 2026.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis:
No contracts or arrangements or transactions were entered into by the Company with
the related parties during the year ended 31 March 2026, which were not at arm s length basis.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm's length basis:
Name(s) of
the related
party
Nature of
Nature & salient
terms of contracts/
Duration of
the contracts/
Date(s) of
approval
by the
Board
Value of the
contracts/
(K In Crore)
Amount
paid as
advances,
if any
1.
Rishabnayan
Bajaj
Son of
Rajiv Bajaj,
Managing
Director and
Chief Executive
Officer of the
Company.
To hold and
continue to
hold office or
place of profit
by Rishabnayan
Bajaj, currently
designated as
Vice President
in the Company.
01. April 2025 -
31 March 2026*
24. January
0.57
Nil
* Members have accorded their approval to Rishabnayan Bajaj, a related party of the Company to hold and continue to hold office
or place of profit in the Company in terms of the provisions of section 188(1)(f) read with rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board
and its Powers) Rules, 2014, for a period of five years effective from 01 April 2023 up to 31 March 2028, by way of an ordinary
resolution passed on 05 March 2024 through postal ballot.
Note
1. The above disclosure has been prepared in the format prescribed for e-Form AOC-2 in accordance
with the Companies (Accounts) Second Amendment Rules, 2025. The details of Permanent Account
Number (PAN)/Passport numbers of individuals, which are otherwise required to be disclosed in
e-Form AOC-2, have not been included herein due to data privacy and security considerations.
2. All related party transactions entered into during FY2026 were in the ordinary course of business
and on arm s length basis.
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Pune: 06 May 2026

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure III to Directors Report
Remuneration Details
[As required under section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 for the year ended 31 March 2026]
Name of Director/KMP
Ratio of
Remuneration of
director to Median
Remuneration of
employees (including
perquisite value of
ESOPs exercised)
% increase in
the financial
year (including
perquisite
Ratio of
Remuneration of
director to Median
Remuneration
of employees
(excluding perquisite
% increase in
the financial
year (excluding
perquisite
Whole-time directors/
Managerial Personnel
Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director and CEO
534.73
0.50
534.73
0.50
Pradeep Shrivastava, Executive Director
191.62
(25.54)
139.81
7.68
Rakesh Sharma, Executive Director
138.95
(9.01)
138.95
8.73
Whole-time directors in aggregate
865.29
(8.15)
813.48
3.01
Non-executive directors1
Sanjiv Bajaj
1.72
(25.00)
1.72
(25.00)
Niraj Bajaj
3.15
(15.38)
3.15
(15.38)
Dr. Naushad Forbes
5.15
0.00
5.15
0.00
Anami N. Roy
4.29
(6.25)
4.29
(6.25)
Pradip Shah
4.58
(5.88)
4.58
(5.88)
Abhinav Bindra
3.72
(13.33)
3.72
(13.33)
Vinita Bali
4.29
36.36
4.29
36.36
Dr. Sangita Reddy
1.43
25.00
1.43
25.00
Key Managerial Personnel
Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director and CEO
0.50
Dinesh Thapar, Chief Financial Officer
8.02
Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary
2.49
3.28
Remuneration of Median Employee (other than Whole-time directors): 8.15%
Permanent employees as on 31 March 20262: 5,229
1. a. Remuneration payable to non-executive directors is based on the number of meetings of the Board and its Committee

attended by them as member during the year.

b. Remuneration to directors for the above purposes does not include sitting fees paid to them for attending Board/Committee

meetings.
2. The term 'Permanent employees' does not include trainees, probationers and contract employees.
Notes on Disclosures under rule 5
1. In FY2026, the remuneration of median employee other than Whole-time directors increased by 8.15% over the previous year.
2. The average percentile increase made in the salaries of employees other than the Whole-time directors/Managerial Personnel
was 12.44% whereas the increase in the remuneration of the Whole-time directors/Managerial personnel, in the aggregate was
3.01% during the year under review, which was given, keeping in view the trends of remuneration in industry.
3. The remuneration paid as above was as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure IV to Directors' Report
Annual Report on CSR activities for the financial
year ended 31 March 2026
1. Brief outline of Company s CSR Policy
Introduction
The vision and philosophy of Late Shri Jamnalal Bajaj, the founder of Bajaj Group, guide the Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) activities of the group. He embodied the concept of trusteeship in business
and common good, and laid the foundation for ethical, value-based and transparent functioning.
Bajaj Group believes that true and full measure of growth, success and progress lies beyond balance
sheets or conventional economic indices. IT is best reflected in the difference that business and industry
make to the lives of people.
Through its social investments, Bajaj Group addresses the needs of communities residing in the vicinity
of its facilities by taking sustainable initiatives in the areas of health, education, environment
conservation, infrastructure and community development, and response to natural calamities. For
society, however, Bajaj is more than a corporate identity. IT is a catalyst for social empowerment and
the reason behind the smiles that light up a million faces.
IT is this goodwill that has made us The World s Favourite Indian
'Bajaj Beyond' is the Bajaj Group's new identity for all its corporate social responsibility and charitable
programmes with focus on youth skilling. The initiatives will benefit the youth and enable them to take
advantage of employment and entrepreneurial opportunities offered by India's growing economy in the
years to come.
Guiding principles
The Bajaj Group believes that social investments should:
Benefit generations: The Company believes in investment in resource creation for use over
generations. The Company tries to identify sustainable projects which will benefit the society over
long periods.
Educate for self-reliance and growth: To usher in a growth-oriented society and thereby a very
strong and prosperous nation, by educating each and every Indian.
Promote health: The Company believes good health is a pre-requisite for both education and
productivity.
Encourage for self-help: To guide and do hand holding for self-help, individually and collectively to
create excellence for self and for the team.
Be focused: The Company believes that activities should be focused around locations where IT has a
presence and hence can effectively guide, monitor and implement specific projects.
Target those who need IT most: Care for the sections of the society, which are socially at the lowest
rung irrespective of their religion, caste, language or colour.
Sustain natural resources: The Company encourages balanced development and ensures least
adverse impact on environment - Growth with Mother Nature s blessings.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Brief Contents of CSR Policy
Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( The Act ) and the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy) Rules, 2014 have been amended substantially with effect from 22 January 2021. Accordingly,
the CSR Policy was amended on 29 April 2021, with approvals of the CSR Committee and Board of
Directors. The Policy, inter alia, covers the following:
Philosophy, Approach & Direction
Guiding Principles for selection, implementation and monitoring of activities
Guiding Principles for formulation of Annual Action Plan
2. Composition of the CSR Committee
Name of Director
Designation/
Nature of
Directorship
Number of meetings
of CSR Committee
held during the year
Number of meetings of CSR
Committee attended during
1.
Rajiv Bajaj
Chairman
2.
Pradeep Shrivastava
Member
3.
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Member
4.
Abhinav Bindra
Member
5.
Vinita Bali
Member
3. Web-link where the following are disclosed on the website
of the Company:
Composition of CSR committee

https://www.bajajauto.com/about-us/bajaj-team
CSR Policy
https://www.bajajauto.com/-/media/bajajauto/Investors/code-policy/BAL-Revised-CSR-Policy-
29-April-2021.ashx
CSR projects approved by the Board

https://www.bajajauto.com/corporate/corporate-social-responsibility

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
SMT Assembly Line in the BEST Electronic Manufacturing
Systems vertical at SASTRA University
Hands-on training in the Firmware Testing Lab,
equipping BEST students with future-ready skills
Women building expertise in
EV servicing at the STEP Centre
Students certified in STEP,
excelling in automobile service
Students completing the BMS course at
an ITI, advancing their employability
BMS students receiving certificates at Government
ITI in Karnataka for successful course completion
Building pathways for women s careers
through vocational training at SSK
Rupa Rahul Bajaj Scholars receiving honours
that celebrate merit and potential
Students from our STEM Education Program won accolades at the World Skills Challenge 2025

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
4. The executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact
assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of
sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable - As per table below

Web-link of Impact assessment reports:

https://www.bajajauto.com/corporate/corporate-social-responsibility
Project
Title
Implementing
Agency
Location
Date of
Completion
of Project
Actual
Amount
Utilized
(J in Cr)
Date of
Impact
Assessment
Report
Highlights of the
assessment
Lighthouse
Center for
Skilling and
Livelihood
Light House
Communities
Maharashtra
30-11-2024
2.9 12-03-2026
The program engaged
2,000+ youth with high
completion rates (98.1%
foundation, 91.8% vocational),
improving self awareness
and employability skills.
Participants also reported
effective training delivery
and positive livelihood and
social gains, including higher
confidence, self reliance, and
improved social standing.
Advanced
Homeopathic
Practioner
training
programme
The Other
Song
Pan India
30-09-2025
2.7 12-03-2026
The program reached 2,180
learners, delivering universal
satisfaction, strong female
participation (74.4%), high
interest in advanced training
(72.8%), and near universal
endorsement (97.8%), with
two thirds rating mentorship
highly.
Renewal and
upgradation
of Centre for
translational
cancer research
(B-CTCR)
Prashanti
Cancer Care
Mission
Maharashtra
31-03-2024
5.9 12-03-2026
The program advanced
integrated cancer care,
research, and training in
Pune by strengthening TNBC
research through linked
clinical and biobank systems,
building skilled human
resources via mentorship
and collaboration, improving
patient centred services,
and establishing sustainable,
scalable models for
evidence based cancer care
in India.
Strengthening
rural livelihoods
for sustainable
development in
Central Indian
Himalayan
Region
Aarohi
Nainital,
Uttarakhand
30-04-2024
1.9 12-03-2026
2,000 farmers in 30 Central
Himalayan villages, driving
near universal adoption of
sustainable practices, strong
community participation,
improved water access, and
widespread recognition of
the benefits of collective
ecosystem management.
Youth
Entrepreneur-
ship
Development
Program
Bharatiya Yuva
Shakti Trust
Wardha
-Maharashtra
Udham Singh
Nagar -
Uttarakhand
Sikar -
Rajasthan
31-03-2026
9.9 12-03-2026
The program reached 39,363
entrepreneurs across three
states, improving business
capacity, delivering effective
personalized mentoring, and
boosting recognition and
confidence through targeted
support and contests.
Hostels and
residential
quarters
at Shiksha
Mandal's Bajaj
Institute of
Technology
Shiksha
Mandal
Wardha,
Maharashtra
31-03-2024
16.7 12-03-2026
240 students by providing
safe, affordable hostels and
shared facilities, reducing
commute barriers and
improving attendance,
academic continuity, campus
engagement, and overall
student well being.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Project
Title
Implementing
Agency
Location
Date of
Completion
of Project
Actual
Amount
Utilized
(J in Cr)
Date of
Impact
Assessment
Report
Highlights of the
assessment
Providing
healthcare to
tribal & Rural
communities of
Gadchiroli
Society for
Education,
Action, and
Research in
Community
Health
Gadchiroli,
Maharashtra
31-03-2024
1.8 12-03-2026
The program reached 373,879
people in tribal and rural
Gadchiroli, achieving high
use of outpatient services,
reliable diagnostic access,
culturally sensitive care,
and strengthened trust in
hospital based healthcare.
Research
program on
financial sector
and sub-national
economic
reforms
Centre for
Social and
Economic
Progress
Pan India
31-03-2024
5.0 12-03-2026
The program strengthened
evidence based policymaking
nationwide by expanding
research capacity, embedding
multi year cycles, informing
national policy on critical
minerals, and placing all
outputs in the public domain
to enhance accessibility and
engagement.
Targeting the
hard-core poor
by developing
them as
entrepreneurs
Bandhan
Konnagar
Udham
Singh Nagar,
Uttarakhand
31-01-2024
2.4 12-03-2026
The program empowered
3,000 ultra poor women in
Uttarakhand to transition to
sustainable self employment,
achieving high enterprise
continuity, asset ownership,
and strong confidence in
livelihood stability and growth.
Renovation of
Vinoba's Paunar
Ashram
Brahma Vidya
Mandir, Paunar
Ashram
Wardha,
Maharashtra
30-06-2023
1.8 12-03-2026
The program supported 28
resident sisters and engaged
over 50,000 annual visitors
at Paramdham Ashram,
achieving full confidence in
heritage safety, improved
usability of restored spaces,
and universal spiritual or
educational benefit.
Construction
of new Lecture
Theatre Complex
at Government
Medical College
& Hospital.
(GMCHA)
Bajaj
Adhyapan
Sankul
Maharashtra
31-03-2024
8.5 12-03-2026
The program enhanced
medical education at GMCHA
by delivering a modern lecture
theatre complex that reduced
overcrowding and improved
comfort, visibility, and overall
learning engagement.
The Satyamev
Jayate Water
Cup - Phase 2
Paani
Foundation
Beed, Satara,
Amravati,
Nandurbar
and Washim -
Maharashtra
30-06-2022
10.0 12-03-2026
39,005 farmers in 944
drought-prone villages,
strengthening water
governance, collective
farming, and improving living
standards through enhanced
planning and community
resilience.
Promotion of
sustainable
livelihood for
leprosy affected
families
Sasakawa
India Leprosy
Foundation
Sangali,
Solapur, Nashik
- Maharashtra
14-02-2024
1.1 12-03-2026
The program supported 108
leprosy-affected families in
Maharashtra, strengthening
enterprises, improving
household stability, and
enhancing livelihoods
through better skills,
financial practices, and social
acceptance.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
5. (a) Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5)
H 9,386.61 crore

(b) Two percent of average net profit of the company
H 187.73 crore

as per section 135(5)

(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes
Nil

or activities of the previous financial years

(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any
Nil

(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c) -(d)]
H 187.73 crore
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and

other than Ongoing Project)
H 25.86 crore

(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads
H 8.95 crore

(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable
H 0.51 crore

(d) Direct expenses by Company
H 0.40 crore

(d) Total amount spent for the financial Year [(a)+(b) +(c) +(d)]
H 35.72 crore

( spent as clarified by MCA FAQ dated 25 August 2021)

(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount
Spent for the
financial year
(in J)
Amount Unspent (in J)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent
CSR Account as per sub-section (6) of
section 135.
Amount transferred to any fund specified under
Schedule VII as per second proviso to sub-section
(5) of section 135.
Amount
Date of transfer
Name of the Fund
Amount
Date of transfer
H 35.72 crore
H 152.01 crore
27. April 2026
Nil: Not Applicable

(f) Excess amount for set-off, if any
Nil
7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:
Preceding
Financial
Year(s)
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
sub-section (6)
of section 135
(in J)
Balance
Amount in
Unspent
CSR Account
under sub-
section (6) of
section 135
(in J)
Amount
spent in the
Financial
Year
(in J)
Amount transferred to
any fund specified under
Schedule VII second
provison to sub-section (5)
of section 135, if any
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding
financial
(in J)
Deficiency,
if any
Amount
(in J)
Date of
transfer
FY2022-23
72.42 crore
FY2023-24
105.87 crore
87.26 crore
FY2024-25
133.74 crore
43.63. Crore
90.11 crore*
43.63 Crore**
*Does not include advance of H 0.87 crore given by the Company
** Includes advance of H 0.87 crore given by the Company

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility

amount spent in the Financial Year: Yes

Furnishing the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social
Responsibility amount spent in the financial year (2025-26)
No
Pin Code of
Date of
Amount of
CSR (amount
FY 2025-26
CSR
Name
Registered
Equipment and Furniture for
setting up BEST Center at C. V.
Raman Global University
Add: C. V. Raman Global
University, Mahura, Janla,
Odisha
752054
20-03-2026
14.04
CSR00001725
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture for
UPES, Dehradun
Add: UPES (University of
Petroleum & Energy Studies),
P.O. Bidholi, Via Prem Nagar,
Dehradun, Uttarakhand
248007
15-12-2025
14.81
CSR00001726
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture for
SASTRA
Add: Trichy-Thanjavur
Road, Tirumalaisamudram,
Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu
613401
17-03-2026
17.10
CSR00001727
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture for
COEP
Add: College of Engineering,
Pune (COEP), Wellesley
Road, Shivajinagar, Pune,
Maharashtra
411005
13-03-2026
3.36
CSR00001728
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture for
setting up BEST Center at PES
University
Add: PES University, 100
Feet Ring Road BSK III Stage,
Bangalore, Karnataka
560085
12-03-2026
1.72
CSR00001729
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture
for setting up BEST Center
at GNIT
Add: G Narayanamma
Institute of Technology
& Science for Women
Shaikpet Rd, Ambedkar
Nagar, Shaikpet, Hyderabad,
Telangana
500104
13-03-2026
0.49
CSR00001730
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture for
setting up BEST Center at TCE
Add: Thiagarajar College
of Engineering (TCE),
Thiruparankundram, Tamil
Nadu
625015
17-03-2026
0.48
CSR00001731
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture for
Mahindra University
Add: Mahindra University,
Survey No: 62/1A,
Bahadurpally, Jeedimetla,
Hyderabad, Telangana
500043
12-03-2026
0.88
CSR00001732
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Equipment and Furniture
for setting up BEST Center
at Thapar Institute of
Engineering & Technology
Add: Thapar Institute of
Engineering & Technology,
Bhadson Rd, Adarsh Nagar,
Prem Nagar, Patiala, Punjab
147004
17-03-2026
0.30
CSR00001733
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
No
Pin Code of
Date of
Amount of
CSR (amount
FY 2025-26
CSR
Name
Registered
Equipment and Furniture for
services at PRANA
Add: 9th floor, Bajaj
Brandview, Wakadewadi,
Shivajinagar, Pune,
Maharashtra
411003
06-02-2026
1.29
CSR00001735
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Hyderabad
Add: Vignana jyothi Institute
of Arts and sciences, Xavier
Bhavan, Plot no:7, Road
No:16, Lane No 1, Aswini
colony, West Marredpally,
Secunderabad, Telangana
500026
04-11-2025
0.11
CSR00001736
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Lucknow
Add: Gautam Buddha Degree
College Gauri Road Bijnaur,
near CRPF camp, Bijnor,
Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
226002
02-02-2026
0.10
CSR00001737
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Prayagraj
Add: United Tower, Above
Bajaj Dealership, 53, Leader
Rd, Miurabad, Prayagraj, Uttar
Pradesh
211001
20-02-2026
0.10
CSR00001738
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
setting up STEP center-Nashik
Add: KVN Naik Shikshan
Prasarak Sanstha's,
Pharmacy college Building,
Dongare Vasatigruh Parisar,
Vasantrao Naik Chowk,
Canada Corner, Nashik,
Maharashtra
422002
19-12-2025
0.10
CSR00001739
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Nagpur
Add: Kaushal Vikas Kendra,
Opposite Pardi fire brigade
office, Tegi Bagh Pardi
Nagpur, Maharashtra
440035
15-12-2025
0.10
CSR00001740
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Bhubaneswar
Add: CV Raman Global
university, Bidyanagar,
Mahura, Janla, Bhubaneswar,
Odisha
752054
05-12-2025
0.10
CSR00001741
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
setting up STEP center Indore
Add: Daksh Private ITI; Royal
State, Kanadia Main Rd, Near
Kaurna, Indore, Madhya
Pradesh
452016
10-03-2026
0.10
CSR00001742
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Kanpur
Add: Yadupati Singhania
Industrial Training
Centre,Township, Jay Kay
Staff Colony, Kamla Nagar,
Narainpurwa, Kanpur, Uttar
Pradesh
208005
22-12-2025
0.21
CSR00001743
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
No
Pin Code of
Date of
Amount of
CSR (amount
FY 2025-26
CSR
Name
Registered
setting up STEP center
-Bhilwadi, Sangli
Add: Babasaheb Chitale
Mahavidyalaya, Bhilwadi,
Tal Palus, Dist Sangli,
Maharashtra
416303
05-11-2025
0.05
CSR00001744
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Madurai
Add: Thiagarajar
College of Engineering
Thiruparankundram, Madurai,
Tamil Nadu
625015
30-03-2026
0.10
CSR00001745
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
setting up STEP center
-Chhatrapati sambhajinagar
Add: Chhatrapati Shahu
College of engineering,
Chatrapati Sambhajinagar,
Paithan Rd, Kanchanwadi,
Chhatrapati sambhajinagar,
Maharashtra
431011
12-01-2026
0.10
CSR00001746
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Ballari
Add: Government Industrial
Training Institute, Aishwarya
Colony, Cantonment, Ballari,
Karnataka
583104
30-03-2026
0.10
CSR00001747
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Vijayapura
Add: Government Industrial
Training Institute, Solapur
Rd, near BLDE College
gate, Sholapur, Vijayapura,
Karnataka
586103
16-03-2026
0.10
CSR00001748
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Mangaluru
Add: Government Industrial
Training Institute, Near
KPT Jct, Kadri Hills, Kadri,
Mangaluru, Karnataka
575004
30-03-2026
0.10
CSR00001749
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Jamshedpur
Add: Tata Steel Foundation
Community Centre, Nearby
Bank of India, Bhalubasa,
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand
831009
26-03-2026
0.05
CSR00001750
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Midnapore
Add: Tata Steel Skill
Development authority,
Midnapore Government ITI,
Rangamati, Dherua Midnapore
Road, Paschim Midnapore,
West Bengal
721102
23-03-2026
0.05
CSR00001751
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Kolhapur
Add: Dr. Bapuji Salunke
Institute of Engineering &
Technology, Warna colony,
Kolhapur, Maharashtra
416003
30-03-2026
0.05
CSR00001752
Bajaj Auto
Foundation
4272, Near
Tongaonkar
Pune - 411 035
Includes projects which have been completed in FY2025-26.

NON-FINANCIALS
Directors' Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as
per sub-section (5) of section 135:
a) Taking into account the commitments made by the Company for the ongoing CSR projects/
programs which are in progress and considering the project mode of CSR activity where the
projects can extend beyond the financial year, there is no shortfall in the CSR expenditure
mandated to be spent by the company during the financial year ended 31 March 2026.
b) As per provisions of section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ), any amount
remaining unspent under Section 135(5) of the Act, pursuant to any ongoing project shall be
transferred by the company within a period of 30 days from the end of the financial year to a
special account to be opened by the company. Accordingly, such amount has been transferred
by the Company to the specified account so opened within the prescribed period. As per the MCA
circular dated 25 August 2021, this amounts to meeting of the obligation and due compliance
under Section 135 of the Act & hence there is no shortfall of spends.
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director & CEO and
Chairman of CSR Committee
DIN: 00018262
Pune: 06 May 2026

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
REPORT
Corporate governance is about promoting fairness, transparency, accountability, commitment to values,
ethical business conduct driven by the objective of creating and enhancing long-term value for all
stakeholders of the Company.
In accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and amendments thereto ( the Listing Regulations, 2015 ),
given below are the corporate governance policies and practices of Bajaj Auto Ltd. ( the Company / Bajaj
Auto / BAL ) for the year 2025-26 (or FY2026 ).
Philosophy
For us, corporate governance is a reflection of principles entrenched in our vision & mission and
embedded in our day-to-day business practices, leading to value-driven growth. The commitment of the
Bajaj group to the highest standards of good governance practices predates SEBI and the provisions of
the Listing Regulations, 2015. Ethical dealings, transparency, fairness, disclosure and accountability are
fundamental canons of the Bajaj group. Bajaj Auto Ltd. maintains the same tradition and commitment,
which guides us in pursuing our purpose and achieving excellence in corporate governance.
At Bajaj Auto, we strive to achieve business excellence through ethically driven business process and a
firm commitment to the rich legacy of our values, while meeting the stakeholders expectations. This
Report gives a detailed overview of our governance framework.
The Governance Structure
Bajaj Auto s governance structure is based on the overall guidance of the Board of Directors and
principles of freedom to the Executive Management within a given framework to ensure that the powers
vested in the Executive Management are exercised with due care and responsibility so as to meet the
expectations of all the stakeholders. In line with these principles, the Company has formed two tiers of
governance structure viz.:
1. The Board of Directors and its Committees: The Board conducts overall strategic supervision and
control by setting goals and reporting mechanism and decision-making process with an intent to
protect the interest and value creation for all the stakeholders. The Board lays down strategic goals
and holds Management accountable for achieving them.

The Committees of the Board such as Audit Committee, Risk Management Committee, Nomination
and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee, etc. are focused on specific elements of the governance like audit and
internal controls, financial reporting, risk management framework, appointment and remuneration
of directors/senior management personnel, investors grievance management, implementation and
monitoring of CSR activities in furtherance to the Company s societal commitments.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
2. Executive Management: The Executive Management is lead by the Managing Director and CEO who
is ably assisted by the executive directors and the heads of business development, finance, HR, R&D
and other functional heads. The Executive Management is responsible for the day-to-day business,
strategies, new projects and product development, financial and human resource management and
policy matters.
Board of Directors
The Company s policy is to have an appropriate blend of executive directors, independent directors
(including women directors) and non-executive non-independent directors to maintain independence of
the Board and to separate the Board functions of governance from that of management. The Company
has a non-executive Chairman (promoter), who heads the Board and oversees its overall conduct.
Composition
As per regulation 17(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, where the chairman is non-executive
director or a promoter, at least half of the Board of a company should consist of independent directors.
The present composition of Bajaj Auto s Board meets the said requirement.
As on 31 March 2026, the Board consisted of eleven directors, of whom three (27%) were executive
directors (including the Managing Director), two non-executive non-independent directors (18%) and six
independent directors including two women independent directors (55%). The Board has no institutional
nominee director.
Further the changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during FY2026 are mentioned in the
Directors Report.
Selection, Appointment and Tenure of Directors
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee facilitate the Board in identification and selection of the
directors who shall be of high integrity with relevant expertise and experience so as to have well
diverse Board. The directors are appointed or re-appointed with the approval of the members and shall
remain in office in accordance with the provisions of the law.
Board Diversity Policy
In compliance with the provisions of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the Board through Nomination and
Remuneration Committee has devised a Policy on Board diversity. The Board comprises adequate
number of members with diverse experience and skills, such that IT best serves the governance and
strategic needs of the Company.
The directors are persons of eminence in areas such as business, industry, finance, economics, law,
governance, etc. and bring with them a wide range of experience and skills which add value to the
performance of the Board and the Company while ensuring the best interest of stakeholders. They take
active part in the Board and Committee meetings by providing valuable guidance and expert advice to
the Board and the Management on various aspects of business, governance, compliance, etc. and play
critical role on strategic issues, which enhances the transparency and add value in the decision making
process of the Board. The directors are selected purely on the basis of merit with no discrimination on
race, colour, religion, gender or nationality. The Board composition as at present meets with the above
objective.
A brief profile of the directors is available on the website of the Company at
https://www.bajajauto.com/about-us/bajaj-team

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Number of meetings of the Board
During FY2026, the Board met seven times: 05 May 2025, 21 May 2025, 29 May 2025, 06 August 2025,
07 November 2025, 30 January 2026 and 18 March 2026. The gap between any two consecutive
meetings was less than 120 days.
Attendance record of directors
Table 1: Composition of the Board and attendance record of directors for FY2026
Category of
Relationship
with other
directors
held by
director(6)
No. of
Board
meetings
attended
Attended the last
Annual General
Meeting held on
06. August 2025
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman,
non-independent
director (Promoter)
-
872,979(5)
Yes
Rajiv Bajaj(1)
Managing Director
and CEO, executive
director (Promoter)
Brother of
Sanjiv Bajaj
878,001(5)
Yes
Sanjiv Bajaj
non-independent
director (Promoter)
Brother of
Rajiv Bajaj
755,809(5)
6 out of 7
Yes
Pradeep Shrivastava(3)
Executive director
-
11,088
6 out of 7
Yes
Dr. Naushad Forbes
-
3,500
Yes
Anami N. Roy
-
Yes
Rakesh Sharma(4)
Executive director
-
6,328
Yes
Pradip Shah
-
3,952
Yes
Abhinav Bindra(2)
-
Yes
Vinita Bali
-
Yes
Dr. Sangita Reddy
-
5 out of 7
Yes
Notes
(1) Rajiv Bajaj was re-appointed as Managing Director and CEO for another term of five years commencing from 01 April 2025.
The members have approved the said re-appointment vide special resolution passed on 30 April 2025 through postal ballot
conducted by remote e-voting process.
(2) Abhinav Bindra was re-appointed as a Non-executive independent director for the second term of five years commencing from
20 May 2025. The members have approved the said re-appointment vide special resolution passed on 30 April 2025 through
postal ballot conducted by remote e-voting process.
(3) The Board, at its meeting held on 18 March 2026, based on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
has approved the re-appointment of Pradeep Shrivastava as Whole-time director for another term of five years commencing
from 01 April 2026. Approval of the members for his re-appointment is being sought by way of a postal ballot.
(4) The Board, at its meeting held on 06 May 2026, based on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
have approved the re-designation and appointment of Rakesh Sharma as Joint Managing Director w.e.f. 01 June 2026 subject to
approval of the members of the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
(5) The equity shares also includes shares held in the capacity of trustee of private family trusts.
(6) None of the directors hold any convertible instrument. Pradeep Shrivastava and Rakesh Sharma, the Executive directors of the
Company are entitled to employee stock options as per Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme 2019, as amended.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Directorships and memberships of Board Committees
Table 2: Number of directorships/committee positions of directors
as on 31 March 2026 (including the Company)
Name of the
Directorships
Committee positions in listed and
unlisted public limited companies
In equity
listed
In unlisted
public limited
In private
limited
As member
(including as
chairperson)
As
chairperson
Niraj Bajaj
Rajiv Bajaj
Sanjiv Bajaj
Pradeep Shrivastava
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Anami N. Roy
Rakesh Sharma
Pradip Shah
Abhinav Bindra
Vinita Bali
Dr. Sangita Reddy
Notes: None of the directors hold office as a director, including as an alternate director, in more than twenty companies at the same
time. None of them has directorships in more than ten public companies. For reckoning the limit of public companies, directorships
of private companies that are either holding or subsidiary companies of a public company are included; for reckoning the limit of
private and public companies, directorships in dormant companies and companies under section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013
( the Act ) are excluded.
As per the declarations received, none of the directors serve as an independent director in more than seven equity listed companies
or in more than three equity listed companies in case he or she is a whole-time director/managing director in any listed company.
Further, the Managing Director of Bajaj Auto does not serve as an independent director in any equity listed company.
For the purpose of considering the limit of the committees in which a director can serve, all public limited companies, whether listed
or not, have been included and all other companies including private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under
section 8 of the Act have been excluded.
None of the directors was a member in more than ten committees nor a chairperson in more than five committees across all
companies in which he/she was a director. Only audit committees and stakeholders relationship committees are considered for the
purpose of reckoning committee positions.
Notwithstanding the number of directorships, as has been highlighted herein, the outstanding attendance record and participation
of the directors in Board and Committee meetings indicate their commitment and ability to devote adequate time to their
responsibilities as the Company s fiduciaries.
Directorships held by directors in listed companies
Table 3: Name of listed companies where directors of the Company held
directorships as on 31 March 2026 (including the Company)
Name of listed companies
Category
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman, non-executive director
Vice-Chairman, non-executive,
c. Mukand Ltd.
Chairman and Managing Director,
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director and CEO, executive director
Vice-Chairman, non-executive,

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Name of listed companies
Category
Sanjiv Bajaj
Managing Director and CEO, executive director
Chairman and Managing Director,
e. Maharashtra Scooters Ltd.
f. Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd.
Pradeep Shrivastava
Executive director
Dr. Naushad Forbes
e. Zodiac Clothing Company Ltd.
f. Pidilite Industries Ltd.
Anami N. Roy
b. Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
c. Bajaj Finance Ltd.
d. Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd.
e. Siemens Ltd.
Rakesh Sharma
Executive director
Pradip Shah
c. Pfizer Ltd.
d. BASF India Ltd.
Abhinav Bindra
Vinita Bali
b. Syngene International Ltd.
Dr. Sangita Reddy
b. Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd.
Joint Managing Director
c. Indraprastha Medical

Corporation Ltd.
Independent Directors
The independent directors on the Board of the Company are highly experienced, competent and
persons of repute in their respective fields, their collective wisdom and prudence brings an ideal
mixture of expertise, professionalism, knowledge and experience to the table.
In accordance with the provisions of section 149(10) and (11) of the Act and regulation 25(2) of the
Listing Regulations, 2015, the independent directors can hold office for two consecutive terms of
maximum period of five years each on the Board of the Company. As regards the appointment and
tenure of independent directors, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act and the
Listing Regulations, 2015.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
The Company issues a formal letter of appointment to independent directors in the manner as provided
in the Act at the time of their appointment/re-appointment. The terms and conditions of appointment/
re-appointment of independent directors are available on the Company s website at
The Company has received declaration from all the independent directors stating that they meet the
criteria of independence stipulated under section 149(6) of the Act read with rule 5 of the Companies
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and regulations 16 and 25 of the Listing
The independent directors have also confirmed compliance with the provisions of section 150 of the
Act read with rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014,
relating to inclusion of their name in the independent director s databank of the Indian Institute
of Corporate Affairs.
Based on the declarations received from the independent directors, the Board is of the opinion that the
independent directors fulfil the conditions of independence specified in the Listing Regulations, 2015
and the Act and are independent of the Management.
During the year under review, none of the independent directors of the Company have resigned before
the expiry of their tenure.
Induction and Familiarisation programme
The directors are kept abreast on all business related matters having bearing on its operational and
financial performance and future planning. These include risk assessment and minimisation
procedures, CSR & sustainability interventions, succession plans, management development processes,
and new initiatives proposed by the Company.
As and when a new director is appointed, as part of the process of induction, the Company has the
practice of familiarising the new director with information on various aspects of the Company s
business, including the following:
Overview of the Company s business
Meeting with the key executives of the Company
Visit to the manufacturing plant
Apprising with the Company's Code of Conduct for directors, Insider Trading Codes, etc.
To familiarise independent directors with the Company s operations, as required under regulation 25(7)
of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the Company has held various programmes/presentations for the
independent directors throughout the year on an ongoing and continuous basis. Details of these are
placed on https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/policies-codes
During FY2026, the directors were updated extensively on the following through presentations/updates
at Board meetings:
Two-wheeler, Three-wheelers, EV business for Domestic and International Market.
Update on KTM acquisition, restructuring process and related developments.
Export Business.
Annual business plan and its performance review.
Risk management framework including functional/business risks, external risks and risk
mitigation strategies.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Succession planning and talent and leadership development.
Fuel management in geopolitical crisis impacting the Company's operations.
Internal controls, regulatory frameworks and compliance.
Orderly succession to Board and senior management
Succession planning is a critical element of the human resources strategy at the Company.
The Company implemented a 'Project Velocity' on succession planning during the year.
One of the key functions of the Board of Directors is selecting, compensating, monitoring and when
necessary, replacing the members of the Board of Directors and the senior managerial personnel
including the KMPs. Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is instrumental in
identifying successors for Board members and senior management thereby aligning the succession
plans with the Company s strategic and long-term goals.
Pursuant to regulation 17(4) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the framework of succession planning for
the Board and senior management was placed before the Board for its review. During the year under
review, the Board of the Company has satisfied itself that the plans are in place for orderly succession
of such appointments.
Core skills/Expertise/Competencies
For the effective functioning of the Board, the directors amongst themselves should have a balance of
skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company. The directors possesses
extensive knowledge and expertise in their areas of function which allows them to make effective
contributions to the Board and its Committees.
As stipulated under schedule V of the Listing Regulations, 2015, core skills/expertise/competencies, the
Board has identified the skills/expertise/competencies for its effective functioning as required in the
context of the business and sector and those actually available with the Board. The details of which are
1. Business and Industry, Management

Domain knowledge in business and understanding of business environment, optimising the
development in the industry for improving the Company s business.
2. Strategic Insight

Ability to evaluate competitive corporate and business strategies and based thereon, contribute
towards progressive refinement of the Company s strategies.
3. Financial Expertise

Understanding of financial policies and financial reporting processes, accounting, taxation, risk
management, internal control, capital allocation, resource utilisation.
4. Governance and Compliance

Experience in developing governance and compliance practices, serving the best interests of all
stakeholders, maintaining Board and management accountability, building long-term effective
stakeholder engagements and driving corporate ethics and values.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Table 4: The Chart/matrix of such core skills/expertise/competencies of each
director as on the date of this Report is as under:
Designation
Core skills/expertise/competencies of directors
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
Business & Industry, Management & Strategy, Commercial,
Financial Expertise, Governance & Compliance and such
other areas.
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
and CEO
Business & Industry, Management & Strategy,
Product Development, Manufacturing & Sales Operations,
CSR & Sustainability.
Sanjiv Bajaj
Non-executive director
Business & Industry, Management & Strategy,
Financial Expertise, Information Technology,
Human Resources, Governance & Compliance.
Pradeep Shrivastava
Executive director
Management & Strategy, Manufacturing & Operations,
Project Management, CSR & Sustainability.
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Independent director
Management & Strategy, Operations, Human Resources
& Industrial Relations, Finance & Taxation, Governance &
Compliance, CSR & Sustainability.
Anami N. Roy
Independent director
Human Resources & Industrial Relations, Governance
& Compliance, Law, Banking, Investment & Treasury
Management, CSR & Sustainability.
Rakesh Sharma
Executive director
Management & Strategy, Global Business Operations,
Marketing & Sales, Project Management.
Pradip Shah
Independent director
Strategy, Finance & Taxation, Governance & Compliance and
such other areas.
Abhinav Bindra
Independent director
Strategy, CSR & Sustainability, Academics & Education,
Sports & Administration.
Vinita Bali
Independent director
Global Business Leadership, Brand Building, Innovation,
Management & Strategy, CSR & Sustainability.
Dr. Sangita Reddy
Independent director
Business & Industry Management, Strategy,
Governance & Compliance and CSR.
Performance Evaluation of the Board, its Committees,
the Chairman and the Directors
Board Evaluation
The annual evaluation process of the Board, its Committees, Chairman and individual directors for FY2026
was conducted as per provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, 2015. With a view to maintain high
level of confidentiality and ease of doing evaluation, the exercise was carried out online using secured
web-based application. Each Board member filled up the online evaluation template on the functioning
and overall level of engagement of the Board and its Committees, on parameters such as composition,
execution of specific duties, quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information, deliberations at the
meeting, independence of judgement, decision-making, management actions etc. The evaluation
templates were designed considering the guidelines issued under the Listing Regulations, 2015 and the
Secretarial Standards and taking into consideration the suggestions given by the directors.
The parameters for performance evaluation of individual directors, inter alia, include ability to provide
thought leadership across the role spectrum and contribution to Board cohesion, governance and
organisational processes.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Feedback Mechanism
A one-on-one meeting of the individual directors with the Chairman of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee was also conducted as a part of self-appraisal and peer-group evaluation.
The directors were also asked to provide their valuable feedback and suggestions on the overall
functioning of the Board & its Committees and the areas of improvement for a higher degree of
engagement with the Management.
Evaluation Results
The independent directors met on 18 March 2026 to review the performance evaluation of non-
independent directors and the entire Board of Directors, including the Chairman, while considering the
views of the executive and non-executive directors.
The independent directors were highly satisfied with the overall functioning of the Board and its various
Committees, which displayed a high level of commitment and engagement. They also appreciated the
exemplary leadership of the Chairman of the Board and its Committees in upholding and following the
highest values and standards of corporate governance.
Post the review by the independent directors, the results were shared with the entire Board and its
respective Committees. The Board expressed its satisfaction with the evaluation results and
constructive feedback, which reflects very high degree of engagement of the Board and its Committees
with the Management. The Board has also suggested various actionable requiring focused attention of
the Management.
Based on the report of performance evaluation, the Board and Nomination and Remuneration
Committee determined, as required under law that the term of independent directors may continue.
The criteria for evaluation of independent directors, inter alia, includes attendance and participation,
openness to ideas, perspectives and opinions, demonstrating highest level of integrity, independent
views and judgement, etc.
Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (D&O Policy)
The Company has in place a D&O Policy which is renewed every year. IT covers directors (including
independent directors) and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board is of the opinion that
the quantum and risks presently covered are adequate.
Certificate from Practising Company Secretary
The Company has received a certificate from Kumudini Bhalerao (FCS No. 6667, CP No. 6690) Partners of
Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Practising Company Secretaries to the effect that none of the directors on the
Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors
of the Company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such
statutory authority. The certificate forms part of this Corporate Governance Report.
Meetings, Information supplied to the Board
and Proceedings
Meetings
The Board generally meets five times in a year. Additional meetings are called as and when required.
The maximum time interval between any two consecutive meetings of the Board did not exceed
120 days. In case of urgent business matters, approval of the Board/Committee is obtained by passing

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
a circular resolution, as permitted by law and the same is noted in the subsequent meeting of the
Board/Committee. The Company adheres to the Secretarial Standards on the Board and Committee
meetings as prescribed by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
The annual calendar of meetings is broadly determined well before the beginning of the year to enable
the directors to plan their schedule and attendance at the meeting.
All Board members are invited and encouraged to attend Committee meetings, even if they are not members.
Information supplied to the Board
In advance of each meeting, the Board is presented with relevant information in the form of agenda
notes/presentation on various matters related to the working of the Company, especially those which
require deliberation at the highest level. In addition to such items as required to be placed before the
Board for its noting and/or approval, information is provided on various other significant items as well.
Presentations are also made from time to time to the Board by different functional heads on important
matters and key elements of each business. Directors have separate and independent access to the
officers of the Company.
In terms of quality and importance, the information supplied by the Management to the Board of the
Company is not just limited to the list of items mandated under regulation 17(7) read with part A of
schedule II to the Listing Regulations, 2015.
The independent directors of the Company at their meeting held on 18 March 2026 have expressed
satisfaction on the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company s
Management and the Board and have confirmed that these significantly aid the Board to effectively and
reasonably perform its duties.
Pursuant to various regulatory requirements and in compliance with applicable laws and keeping in
view the business requirements, the Board is, inter alia, apprised on the following:
Business plans, forecast, financial performance and strategic initiatives.
Capital expenditure and updates.
Internal financial controls.
Succession planning and organisation structure.
Details of incidence of frauds, if any and corrective action taken thereon.
Performance of subsidiaries.
Status of compliances with Companies Act, 2013, SEBI regulations & shareholder related matters
and other related law(s).
Various policies framed by Company and revised from time to time.
Risk management system, Risk Management Policy and strategy followed.
Awareness on cyber security.
Changes in regulatory landscape.
To leverage technology and move towards paperless systems, the Company has, since several years,
adopted a web-based application for transmitting Board/Committee meetings agenda and other
enclosures. This application meets the high standards of security and integrity required for storage and
transmission of Board/Committee documents in electronic form.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Proceedings
Apart from the Board members, the Chief Business Development Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Company Secretary attend all the Board meetings. Other senior management executives are invited as
and when necessary.
At the meeting, apart from business plans, capex and investment proposal and financial results,
development regarding new subsidiaries, impact of the new Labour Code, geopolitical crisis,
data protection, all material developments, statutory and governance matters are presented to the
Board/respective Committees. The Chairman of various Board Committees brief the Board on all the
important matters discussed and decided at their respective Committee meetings, which are generally
held prior to the Board meeting.
Minutes of proceedings of each Board and Committee meeting are recorded and draft minutes are
circulated to Board/Committee members for their confirmation within 15 days from the date of
meeting. The comments/suggestions of the Board/Committee members are invited and duly
incorporated in the minutes after which these are entered in the minute book within 30 days from the
date of meeting.
Independent Directors Meeting
In compliance with schedule IV to the Act and regulation 25(3) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the
independent directors held their separate meeting on 18 March 2026, without the attendance of
non-independent directors and members of Management.
All independent directors were present at the meeting.
The independent directors, inter alia, discussed on changes in the Board, report of performance
evaluation of Board, its Committees and Chairman and reviewed the performance of non-independent
directors and the Board as a whole and also the performance of Chairman of the Company taking into
account the views of executive directors and non-executive directors, assessment of quality, quantity
and timeliness of flow of information between the Company s Management and the Board, etc. and
provided their views & expressed satisfaction on each of the matters.
In addition, the independent directors had a separate meeting with senior management personnel to
deliberate on various matters concerning the Company s business.
Committees of the Board
The Company has six committees of the Board, viz., Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Risk
Management Committee and Duplicate Share Certificate Issuance Committee.
These Committees function under the direct supervision of the Board. Mostly, the Committee meetings
are held prior to the Board meeting and the Chairman of the respective Committees briefs the Board
about the deliberations and decisions taken at the Committee meetings.
Audit Committee
The Company has a duly constituted Audit Committee. The Board reviews the working of the Committee
from time to time to bring about greater effectiveness in order to comply with the various requirements
under the Act and the Listing Regulations, 2015. In compliance with the provisions of the Act and the
Listing Regulations, 2015, all members of the Audit Committee are independent, non-executive
directors, are financially literate and have accounting or related financial management expertise.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
During FY2026, the Audit Committee met six times: 21 May 2025, 29 May 2025, 06 August 2025,
07 November 2025, 30 January 2026 and 18 March 2026.
Table 5: Composition of the Audit Committee and attendance of members
at its meeting(s) held during FY2026
Category
Anami N. Roy
Chairman
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Member
Pradip Shah
Member
Vinita Bali
Member
In addition to members of the Audit Committee, these meetings were attended by the heads of finance
and internal audit functions, the statutory auditors of the Company and such executives who were
considered necessary for providing inputs to the Committee.
The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee, inter alia, discussed and deliberated on the internal audit reports, financial
results, related party transactions including grant of omnibus approval, investment related reports,
internal financial controls, utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment by the Company in
subsidiaries, whistle blower/PoSH complaints, impact due to the new Labour Code, Compliances under
the Circular issued by the National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) etc.
Anami N. Roy, Chairman of the Audit Committee, was present at the previous Annual General Meeting of
the Company held on 06 August 2025.
During the year the Company has adopted the Charter of Audit Committee, to ensuring the integrity of
financial statements through its oversight of the Company's financial reporting process, internal control
system and audit functions, this Charter essentially provided the following elements:
Composition;
Meetings and Quorum;
Terms of Reference
The copy of the Charter is placed on the Company s website at
Terms of reference of the Audit Committee
The following terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in accordance with the Act and Listing
Regulations, 2015
Financial Statements
1. To oversee the Company s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information
to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible.
2. To review, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the Board
of Directors for approval.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
3. To review, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor s report thereon
before submission to the Board of Directors for approval, with particular reference to:
a. Matters required to be included in the director s responsibility statement to be included in the
Board s report in terms of section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
b. Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same.
c. Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgement
by the management.
d. Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings.
e. Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements.
Disclosure of any related party transactions.
g. Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
4. To review management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
5. To review the financial statements, in particular, the investments made by the unlisted subsidiary(s)
of the Company.
Audit
6. To recommend to the Board of Directors for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment
of the auditors of the Company.
7. To approve availing of the permitted non-audit services rendered by the statutory auditors and
approval of payment of fees thereof.
8. To review and monitor the auditor s independence and performance, and effectiveness of
audit process.
9. To review, with the management, the performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of
the internal control systems.
10. To review the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure
coverage and frequency of internal audit.
11. To discuss with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up thereon.
12. To review the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where
there is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature
and reporting the matter to the Board.
13. To discuss with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit
as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern.
14. To review management letters/letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors.
15. To review the internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses.
16. To review the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor.
Others
17. To approve the transactions of the Company and its unlisted subsidiary(s) with related parties, as
may be applicable, including any subsequent modifications thereto.
18. To review the utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment by the Company in its
subsidiary company exceeding H 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary company,

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
19. To scrutinise inter-corporate loans and investments.
20. To undertake valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever IT is necessary.
21 To evaluate internal financial controls and risk management systems.
22. To review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism.
23. To approve the appointment of Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications, experience
and background, etc. of the candidate.
24. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults, if any, in the payment to the depositors, debenture
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors.
25. To consider and comment on rationale, cost benefits and impact of schemes involving merger,
demerger, amalgamation etc., on the Company and its shareholders.
26. To review the investment policy.
27. To review, with the management, the statement of use/application of funds raised through an issue
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilised for purposes other
than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted by the
monitoring agency, monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a public issue or rights issue or
preferential issue or qualified institutional placement and making appropriate recommendations to
the Board of Directors to take up steps in this matter.
28. To review the statement of deviations:
a. quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable,
submitted to stock exchange(s) in terms of regulation 32(1) of the Listing Regulations, 2015.
b. annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/
prospectus/notice in terms of regulation 32(7) of the Listing Regulations, 2015.
29. To review compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition
of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 at least once in a financial year and verify that the systems for
internal control are adequate and are operating effectively.
30. To carry out any other function mandated by the Board from time to time and/or enforced by any
statutory notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Company has a duly constituted Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The Committee also
acts as a Compensation Committee for implementation of the Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option
Scheme 2019.
During FY2026, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee met three times: 29 May 2025,
07 November 2025 and 18 March 2026.
Table 6: Composition of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
attendance of members at its meeting(s) held during FY2026
Category
Dr. Naushad Forbes
Chairman
Niraj Bajaj
Member
(non-executive, non-independent director)
Abhinav Bindra
Member

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
As provided under the terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the
members, inter alia, discussed and deliberated on appointment/re-appointment, performance
assessment and payment of remuneration to directors and senior management and grant of stock
options, etc.
Dr. Naushad Forbes, Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, was present at the
previous Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 06 August 2025.
During the year the Company has adopted the Charter of Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
to enhancing board effectiveness, this Charter essentially provided the following elements:
l Composition;
l Meetings and Quorum;
l Terms of Reference.
The copy of the Charter is placed on the Company s website at
Terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The following terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are in accordance
with the Act and Listing Regulations, 2015:
Appointment & Re-appointment of Directors & Senior Management:
1. To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence
of a director.
2. To devise a policy on diversity of the Board of Directors.
3. To identify the persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior
management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend to the Board of Directors
their appointment and removal.
4. For every appointment of an independent director, the Committee shall evaluate the balance of
skills, knowledge and experience on the Board of Directors and on the basis of such evaluation,
prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person
recommended to the Board of Directors for appointment as an independent director shall have the
capabilities identified in such description.

For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may:
a. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity;
b. consider the time commitments of the candidates;
c. use the services of external agencies, if required.
5. To consider whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on
the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent director.
Performance evaluation
6. To formulate criteria/manner for effective evaluation of performance of the Board of Directors, its
committees and individual directors to be carried out either by the Committee or the Board or by an
independent external agency and review its implementation and compliance.
7. To undertake the annual performance assessment of the key managerial personnel and other
senior management employees.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Compensation
8. To recommend to the Board of Directors the remuneration policy for the directors, key managerial
personnel and other employees.

The Committee shall ensure the following while formulating the said policy:
a. the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and
motivate directors of the quality required to run the Company successfully;
b. relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance
benchmarks;
c. remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel and senior management involves a
balance between fixed pay and performance incentive reflecting short and long-term
performance objectives appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals.
9. To recommend to the Board of Directors, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to
senior management.
10. To review and recommend to the Board of Directors the revision in the remuneration to be paid to
the Managing Director & CEO and the executive director(s) based on their performance.
Compensation Committee
11. To act as the Compensation Committee for administration of the employee stock option schemes
and to perform such other functions in terms of the schemes or as may be required under the law
or delegated by the Board of Directors, from time to time.
Others
12. To carry out any other function(s) mandated by the Board of Directors, from time to time and/or
enforced by any statutory notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable.
Remuneration Policy
On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board has framed a
Remuneration Policy. This policy, inter alia, provides (a) the criteria for determining qualifications,
positive attributes and independence of directors (b) a policy on remuneration for directors, key
managerial personnel and other employees and (c) details of the employee stock option scheme.
The policy is directed towards a compensation philosophy and structure that will reward and retain
talent and provides for a balance between fixed and incentive pay, reflecting short and long-term
performance objectives appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals. The said
Remuneration Policy as in force is placed on the Company s website at
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
The Board has a duly constituted Stakeholders Relationship Committee to specifically oversee various
shareholders related matters.
During FY2026, the Stakeholders Relationship Committee met on 30 January 2026 to review the status
of various matters relating to investors services. At the meeting, the Committee also reviewed the
service standards of the Company s registrar and share transfer agent and the measures taken for
timely and effective investors grievance redressal that can facilitate better investor services and
relations. The Board was apprised of all the major developments on investors issues through various
reports and statements furnished from time to time throughout the year.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Table 7: Composition of Stakeholders Relationship Committee and attendance
of members at its meeting(s) held during FY2026
Category
Attendance at the meeting
held on 30 January 2026
Pradip Shah
Chairman
Yes
Niraj Bajaj
Member
(non-executive, non-independent director)
Yes
Abhinav Bindra
Member
Yes
Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer and acts as the secretary to the
Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
The Committee expressed its satisfaction on the overall status of compliance and actions taken on
various investor related matters.
Pradip Shah, Chairman of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee, was present at the previous
Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 06 August 2025.
Details of investors grievance redressal
Table 8: Investors' complaints received and resolved during FY2026
Particulars
Attended/resolved during the FY 2026
Pending at the beginning of the year
Received during the year
Disposed of during the year
Pending at the end of the year
2#
# The Company has submitted its replies and the review by the SEBI is under process and no action remained to be taken on the
Company s side at the year end.
More details on this subject and on shareholders related matters including unclaimed suspense
account have been furnished in General Shareholder Information.
Terms of reference of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee
The terms of reference of the Committee are in accordance with the Act and Listing Regulations, 2015
and the same are as under:
1. To resolve the grievances of the security holders including complaints related to transfer/
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of
new/duplicate certificates, general meetings, etc.
2. Review measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.
3. Review adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services
being rendered by the registrar and share transfer agent.
4. Review various measures and initiatives taken for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends
and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the
shareholders of the Company.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
This is given as a separate chapter in the Annual Report on CSR.
Risk Management Committee
The Company has a duly constituted Risk Management Committee in compliance with the provisions of
the Listing Regulation, 2015. The Board at its meeting held on 06 May 2026 has reviewed and adopted a
revised Risk Management Policy. The Risk Management Committee oversees the overall risk
management processes of the Company and ensures that the business risks are identified and
addressed by the management.
During FY2026, the Risk Management Committee met two times: 29 May 2025 and 07 November 2025.
Table 9: Composition of Risk Management Committee and attendance of
members at its meeting(s) held during FY2026
Category
Anami N. Roy
Chairman
Pradip Shah
Member
Dinesh Thapar
Member
(chief financial officer)
The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the Risk Management Committee.
Terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee
The detailed terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee are in accordance with the Listing
Regulations, 2015 and the same are as under:
1. To formulate a detailed Risk Management Policy which shall include:
a. A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the Company,
in particular including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG
related risks), information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by
the Committee.
b. Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of
identified risks.
c. Business continuity plan.
2. To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and
evaluate risks associated with the business of the Company.
3. To monitor and oversee implementation of the Risk Management Policy, including evaluating the
adequacy of risk management systems.
4. To periodically review the Risk Management Policy, at least once in two years, including by
considering the changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity.
5. To keep the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions,
recommendations and actions to be taken.
6. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief risk officer (if any) shall be
subject to review by the Risk Management Committee.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
7. The Risk Management Committee shall coordinate its activities with other committees, in instances
where there is any overlap with activities of such committees, as per the framework laid down by
the Board of directors.
8. To perform such other functions as the Board may deem fit from time to time, which shall also
cover cyber security.
The Company has a Board approved risk management framework. The Committee and the Board
periodically review the Company s risk assessment and minimisation procedures to ensure that
Management identifies, controls and mitigates various risks associated with the business of the
Company through a properly defined framework.
Duplicate Share Certificate Issuance Committee
To meet the requirement of section 46 of the Act read with rule 6 of the Companies (Share Capital and
Debentures) Rules, 2014 and regulation 39 of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the Company has Duplicate
Share Certificate Issuance Committee to approve issuing of letter of confirmation(s) in lieu of original
share certificate(s) that were lost or misplaced, the composition of which is given in Table 10 below.
Further, SEBI vide its circular HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/l/3763/2026 dated 30 January 2026,
various service requests including requests related to issuance of Duplicate Share Certificate, in demat
mode, directly into the demat account of the investor after necessary due diligence by RTA/Company.
Accordingly, the Committee will approve such request to proceed issuing Credit confirmation letter,
that shall be send regarding successful dematerialisation of the securities.
Table 10: Composition of the Duplicate Share Certificate Issuance Committee
and attendance of members at its meeting(s) held during FY2026
Category
Attendance at the meeting
held on 30 January 2026
Rajiv Bajaj
Chairman
(Managing Director and CEO, executive director)
Yes
Pradeep Shrivastava
Member
(executive director)
Yes
Rakesh Sharma
Member
(executive director)
Yes
Recommendations of Committees of the Board
During FY2026, the Board of Directors accepted all the recommendations as and when received from
its Committees on different matters.
Details of remuneration paid to directors
during FY2026
Non-executive directors
The Company pays sitting fees of H 100,000 per meeting to its non-executive directors for attending
meetings of the Board and its Committees (except Duplicate Share Certificate Issuance Committee).

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The shareholders of the Company through a special resolution passed at the Annual General Meeting of
the Company held on 22 July 2021, by way of an enabling provision, have accorded approval for
payment of commission up to a sum not exceeding one percent of the net profits of the Company,
calculated in accordance with the provisions of section 197 and 198 of the Act, to the non-executive
directors, in the manner as may be decided by the Board of Directors from time to time during the five
year term up to 31 March 2026. The approval for a further term upto 31 March 2031 forms part of the
Notice of ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Consistent with this approval from the shareholders, the Company pays commission to the
non-executive directors within the ceiling of one percent of the net profits of the Company as computed
under the applicable provisions of the Act. The said commission is decided by the Board of Directors on
the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and distributed amongst the
non-executive directors. At present, the commission is paid @ H 315,000 per meeting of the Board and/
or Committees.
The commission is paid after the audited financial statements are approved by the Board of Directors
and adopted by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.
Compensation to the non-executive (including independent) directors reflects the time, effort,
attendance and participation of such directors in the Board and Committee meetings. Payment to them
is linked to their attendance.
The Company has adopted the Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme 2019 ( the Scheme ) for the
benefit of the permanent employees and/or directors of the Company and/or its holding (if any, in
future) and subsidiary company(ies), but excluding independent directors and any employee who is a
promoter or belonging to the promoter group. During FY 2025, the Scheme was revised to expand the
categories and base of the employees to include the employees of group and associate companies for
grant of options in line with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021. The Scheme also amended certain criteria relating to
retirement, transfers/deputation, death/permanent incapacity.
Pecuniary relationship/transaction with non-executive directors
During FY2026, there were no pecuniary relationship or transactions of any non-executive directors
with the Company, apart from their remuneration as directors.
During FY2026, the Company did not advance any loans to any of the non-executive directors and/or the
Managing Director.
Criteria of making payments to non-executive directors
The Remuneration Policy disclosing the criteria of making payments to directors, key managerial
personnel and employees is available on the Company s website at
Executive directors
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer ( MD ) and two Executive directors ( EDs ) are paid
salaries, perquisites and allowances, company s contribution to provident fund, etc. The executive
directors are entitled to superannuation benefits payable in the form of an annuity from an approved
life insurance company, which forms part of the perquisites allowed to them. The executive directors
are also granted stock options in terms of the Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme 2019,
as amended.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
During the year under review, none of the directors were paid any performance-linked incentive, apart
from Pradeep Shrivastava and Rakesh Sharma, who are executive directors. The remuneration payable
to the executive directors is benchmarked annually and is reviewed by the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee ('NRC'). The revisions to the remuneration payable to the executive directors
is reviewed by the NRC based on their performance evaluation, achievement of targets and
performance of the Company.
The tenure of MD and EDs is of five years each from the date of their respective appointment/re-
appointment with a notice period of ninety days. MD and EDs are also entitled to other perquisites and
benefits mentioned in the agreement entered into by them with the Company.
Details of remuneration paid to the non-executive and executive directors are given below:
Table 11: Remuneration paid/payable to directors for FY2026
(Amount In H)
Category
Sitting
fees
Salary and
perquisites
Commission
Total
Niraj Bajaj
1,100,000
-
3,465,000
4,565,000
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director and
CEO, executive director
-
236,588,385
352,148,400
588,736,785
Sanjiv Bajaj
600,000
-
1,890,000
2,490,000
Pradeep Shrivastava*
Whole-time Director,
-
210,969,553
-
210,969,553
Dr. Naushad Forbes
1,800,000
-
5,670,000
7,470,000
Anami N. Roy
1,500,000
-
4,725,000
6,225,000
Rakesh Sharma*
Whole-time Director,
-
152,982,188
-
152,982,188
Pradip Shah
1,600,000
-
5,040,000
6,640,000
Abhinav Bindra
1,300,000
-
4,095,000
5,395,000
Vinita Bali

1,500,000
-
4,725,000
6,225,000
Dr. Sangita Reddy
500,000
-
1,575,000
2,075,000
Notes
* Pradeep Shrivastava and Rakesh Sharma, the executive directors of the Company are entitled to employee stock options as per
Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme 2019, as amended. The above remuneration is exclusive of fair value of options granted as
per Black Scholes model in the year of vesting.
Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme 2019
('BAL-ESOS 2019'/'the Scheme')
BAL-ESOS 2019 has been formulated by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board to
provide competitive remuneration opportunities to employees of the Company, through annual and
long-term incentive plans. During the year under review, 12,896 options were granted to each of the
executive directors at a grant price of H 8,849 being the closing market price on the NSE on the day
preceding the day of grant. These grants will vest over a period of four years (25% every year) after a
period of one year from the date of grant.
During FY 2025, the Scheme was revised to expand the categories and base of the employees to include the
employees of group and associate companies for grant of options in line with the Securities and Exchange

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021. The Scheme also
amended certain criteria relating to retirement, transfers/deputation, death/permanent incapacity.
During FY 2026, 240,230 equity shares allotted to Trustees of Bajaj Auto ESOP Trust in accordance with
the Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option Scheme 2019, as amended.
In terms of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the revised Scheme is available on the website of the
Company at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/disclosures-under-regulation-46-of-the-sebi-lodr
Senior Management
During the year under review, the particulars of the senior management pursuant to provisions of
regulation 16(1)(d) of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and changes therein are as under:
Name of the senior
management personnel
Designation
S. Ravikumar
Chief Business Development Officer
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Ravi Kyran Ramasamy
Chief Human Resources Officer
Baminee Viswanat
General Counsel
Kailash Zanzari
Chief Product Officer (effective from 01 May 2025)
Vijay Jerome
Chief Digital & Information Officer (effective from 07 November 2025)
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Ramtilak Ananthan
Chief Technology Officer (up to 01 April 2025)
Disclosures
Information on general body meetings and special
resolution(s) passed
A. Details of Annual General Meetings (AGM) held during last three years
Details of AGM
Location
Date and time
of AGM
Details of special resolution(s)
passed at the AGM, if any
16th AGM*
(Physical)
Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035
25. July 2023
at 2:00 p.m.
1. Re-appointment of Rakesh Sharma
as Whole-time director of the
Company for a period of five years
with effect from 01 January 2024.
17th AGM*
(Physical)
Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035
16. July 2024
at 2:00 p.m.
1. Modification to the Bajaj Auto
Employee Stock Option Scheme
2019.
2. Approval to extend the benefits and
grant of options to the employee(s)
of associate and group company(ies),
if any, in addition to holding and
subsidiary company(ies) under
Bajaj Auto Employee Stock Option
Scheme 2019.
18th AGM*
(Physical)
Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035
06. August
at 12:30 p.m.
No special resolution was passed
at the AGM.
* In terms of the provisions of Listing Regulations, 2015, one way live webcast of the proceedings was also provided.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
All resolutions proposed by the Board have been passed with requisite majority by the shareholders.
B. Details of special business passed through postal ballot during last year
During FY2026, the Company had sought approval of the members through postal ballot
(special/ordinary resolutions) and the details of the same are given below:
Date of postal
ballot notice
Items of special business
Votes (No. of shares and %)
Date of
passing the
resolution
In favour
Against
18. March 2025
Re-appointment of Rajivnayan Rahulkumar
Bajaj (DIN: 00018262) as Managing Director
& Chief Executive Officer of the Company
for a period of five years with effect from
01 April 2025. (Special Resolution)
201,064,466
(92.00%)
17,474,904
(7.99%)
30. April 2025
18. March 2025
Re-appointment of Abhinav Bindra (DIN
00929250) as a non-executive Independent
Director of the Company for a second term
of five consecutive years with effect from
20 May 2025. (Special Resolution)
215,354,568
(98.51%)
3,244,237
(1.48%)
30. April 2025
10. July 2025
Approval of Material Related Party
Transaction(s) between Bajaj Auto
International Holdings BV, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company and Pierer Bajaj
AG, PIERER Mobility AG and KTM AG for
restructuring support for KTM AG and its
subsidiaries. (Ordinary Resolution)
86,735,411
(98.37%)
1,439,064
(1.63%)
16. August 2025
The Company had appointed Shyamprasad D Limaye, Practising Company Secretary (FCS No. 1587,
CP No. 572) and Makarand M. Joshi (FCS No. 5533, CP No. 3662), or failing him, Kumudini Bhalerao
(FCS No. 6667, CP No. 6690), Partners of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries,
as the scrutiniser(s) for Postal Ballot Notice dated 18 March 2025 and 10 July 2025 respectively for
conducting the postal ballot including remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
Other than those stated hereinabove, no special/ordinary resolution is proposed to be passed through
the postal ballot up to the date of this Annual Report.
Procedure for Postal Ballot
In compliance with the provisions of sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act
read with rules issued thereunder & the general circulars issued in this regard by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs ('MCA') and the Listing Regulations, 2015 the Company provided the facility to the
members to exercise votes through electronic voting system ( remote e-voting ) for postal ballot
conducted during the year under review. The Company had engaged the services of its registrar and
share transfer agent, i.e., KFin Technologies Ltd. for the purpose of providing remote e-voting
facility to all its members.
Postal ballot notices, inter alia, detailing the voting instructions were sent through email only, to all
those members who had registered their email addresses with the Company/depositories, in view
of the relaxation granted by MCA. The Company also provides instructions to register the mail
address to the members who have not registered the same, to enable the Company to provide all
communications through email. The notices of aforementioned postal ballot are available on the
Company s website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/disclosures
The Company also published notice in the newspapers for the information of the members. Voting
rights were reckoned on the equity shares held by the members as on the cut-off date.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, the Company had appointed a scrutiniser for conducting the
postal ballot process in a fair and transparent manner. The scrutiniser submited his consolidated
report to the Chairman and the voting results were announced by the Chairman by placing the same
along with the scrutiniser s report on the Company s website, besides being communicated to the
stock exchanges.
Related party transactions
All related party transactions (RPTs) entered into by the Company during the year under review, were
on an arm s length basis and in the ordinary course of business and were not material in terms of
regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, 2015. Prior approval of the Audit Committee was obtained for
all related party transactions. On a quarterly basis, details of such transactions were placed before the
Audit Committee for noting/review.
During FY2026 approval of the shareholders on post-facto basis was sought for the material Related
Party Transaction(s) between Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company and Pierer Bajaj AG ( PBAG ), subsequently renamed Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG ,
PIERER Mobility AG ( PMAG ), subsequently renamed Bajaj Mobility AG and KTM AG for restructuring
support for KTM AG and its two subsidiaries. Details of the same are provided in the Directors Report
which forms part of this Annual Report. The RPTs undertaken by the Company were in compliance with
the applicable provisions of the Act, the Listing Regulations, 2015 and as per the Company s Policy on
materiality of & dealing with Related Party Transactions.
A statement showing the disclosure of transactions with related parties as required under Indian
Accounting Standard 24 (Ind AS-24) is set out separately in this Annual Report. Disclosures relating to
RPTs on a half-yearly basis are filed with the stock exchanges.
The Policy on materiality of & dealing with Related Party Transactions was reviewed and revised
by the Board during the year under review to incorporate the recent amendments to the
Listing Regulations, 2015, the copy of which is available on the Company s website at
Subsidiary companies
The Company has two Indian subsidiaries, viz. Bajaj Auto Technology Ltd. and Bajaj Auto Credit Ltd.
and overseas subsidiaries namely, PT. Bajaj Auto Indonesia, Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV
('BAIH BV'), Netherlands, Bajaj Auto (Thailand) Ltd., Bajaj Auto Spain, S. L.U. and Bajaj Do Brasil
Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda. During the year, the Company through its wholly owned subsidiary
BAIH BV, Netherlands acquired controlling stake in Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (formerly
Pierer Bajaj AG) ('BAIH AG'), Bajaj Mobility AG (formerly PIERER Mobility AG) ('BMAG') and KTM AG
including its subsidiaries. Thereby BAIH AG, BMAG, KTM AG and their other group entities have became
step-down subsidiaries of the Company. The details of acquisitions are provided in the Directors' Report
which forms part of this Annual Report.
Material Subsidiaries
During FY 2026, none of these subsidiaries are material subsidiaries as defined under regulation 16(1)(c)
of the Listing Regulations, 2015, as amended.
However, based on the audited financial statements as on 31 March 2026, the Board of Directors has
identified BAIH BV, BAIH AG, BMAG and KTM AG as material subsidiaries of the Company for FY2027, in
accordance with regulation 16(1)(c) & 24(1) of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and the Company s Policy
for determining material subsidiaries. The Company is in the process of establishing the necessary
governance framework, oversight mechanisms and reporting processes for these entities, in line with
applicable regulatory requirements.
The Company s Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries, in terms of the recent amendments to
regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, is placed on the Company s website at

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Provisions to the extent applicable and as required under regulation 24 of the Listing Regulations, 2015
with reference to subsidiary companies were duly complied with.
During the year, the Audit Committee reviewed the financial statements (in particular, the investments
made) of its unlisted subsidiary companies, to the extent applicable. Minutes of the Board meetings of
the subsidiary companies as well as a statement of significant transactions and arrangements entered
into by the subsidiaries, as applicable, were regularly placed before the Board of the Company.
During FY2026, no company ceased to be the Company s subsidiary company or joint venture company.
Code of conduct
Regulation 17(5) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, requires listed companies to lay down a code of
conduct for its directors and senior management, incorporating duties of independent directors as laid
down in the Act.
The Company has a Board approved Code of Conduct for Board members and senior management
of the Company. Based on the review, the Code of Conduct was revised in line with the amendments to
the applicable regulations and was duly approved by the Board at its meeting held on 18 March 2025.
The updated Code has been placed on the Company s website at
All directors and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code for FY2026.
A declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director and CEO is given in this Corporate
Governance Report.
Disclosure of material transactions
Pursuant to regulation 26(5) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, senior management has made periodical
disclosures to the Board relating to all material financial and commercial transactions, where they had
(or were deemed to have had) personal interest that might have been in potential conflict with the
interest of the Company. There was only one case involving a member of the senior management. In
this instance, the disclosure was discussed, reviewed and found to be in order by the Board.
Review of legal compliance reports
The Company has in place a robust legal compliance reporting system and the same is reviewed from
time to time.
The Board periodically reviews compliance reports with respect to the various laws applicable to the
Company, as prepared and placed before IT by the Management.
Compliances by the Company
There were no non-compliance of any legal requirements; nor has there been any penalty or
stricture imposed on the Company by any stock exchange, the Securities and Exchange Board of
India or any statutory authority on any matter related to capital markets during the last three years.
The Company has complied with the requirements specified in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses
(b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) of the Listing Regulations, 2015.
The Managing Director and CEO and the CFO have certified to the Board regarding the financial
statements and other such matters as required under regulation 17(8) read with part B of
schedule II to the Listing Regulations, 2015.
The Company has complied with all the disclosure requirements of Corporate Governance Report as
specified under schedule V to the Listing Regulations, 2015.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
The Company has not been informed of any agreement under regulation 30A(1) read with clause 5A
of paragraph A of part A of schedule III to the Listing Regulations, 2015. Accordingly, there were no
disclosures under the said provisions to the stock exchanges.
Compliances regarding Insider Trading
Pursuant to SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended, ( SEBI PIT Regulations )
the Company has a Board approved Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and report trading by its
Designated Persons and immediate relatives of Designated Persons ( Code of Conduct ) and a
Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
( Code of Fair Disclosure ).
Wherever non-compliance by an employee concerned was observed, penalty was levied and the
amount was remitted to the stipulated fund.
In order to spread awareness on prevention of insider trading and to aid the designated persons to fulfil
their obligations under the SEBI PIT Regulations, the Company periodically circulates informatory
emails along with the code and policies on Insider Trading, Do s and Dont's, etc. In addition to this,
training sessions are conducted by the officials of secretarial department in order to educate and
sensitise the designated persons. Online training followed by assessment has been initiated.
The Audit Committee and the Board at its meeting held on 18 March 2026 had reviewed the compliance
in terms regulation 9A(4) of the SEBI PIT Regulations and confirmed that the systems for internal
control with respect to the SEBI PIT Regulations are adequate and are operating effectively.
Disclosure under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
This disclosure is given in the Directors Report.
Whistle Blower Policy/Vigil mechanism
The Company has a Whistle Blower Policy encompassing vigil mechanism pursuant to the
requirements of section 177(9) of the Act and regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations, 2015.
The Whistle Blower Policy/vigil mechanism provides a route for directors/employees to report, without
fear of victimisation, any unethical behaviour, suspected or actual fraud, violation of the Company s
code of conduct and instances of leak of unpublished price sensitive information, which are detrimental
to the organisation s interest. The mechanism protects whistle blower from any kind of discrimination,
harassment, victimisation or any other unfair employment practice.
The said policy has been appropriately communicated to the employees within the organisation and
also has been placed on the Company s website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/policies-codes
The directors in all cases and employees in appropriate cases have direct access to the Chairman of
the Audit Committee. The Company affirms that no employee has been denied access to the
Audit Committee, which is charged with overseeing this policy.
During the year under review, eleven complaints were received under the above mechanism. The cases
investigated were mainly in nature of fraud, misbehaviour, undue pressure, vendor favouritism,
violation and misrepresentation of company s policies/code of conduct etc. Appropriate actions have
been taken in these matters and reporting the matter to the statutory auditors and the Audit
Committee. The financial impact of the reported cases was insignificant and caused no material
damages to the Company.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Dividend Distribution Policy
The Company has adopted a Dividend Distribution Policy. More particulars are given in the
Directors Report. The said policy is available on the Company s website at
Disclosures in financial statements
Suitable disclosures have been made in the financial statements, together with the Management s
explanation in the event of any treatment being different from that prescribed in the Ind AS.
Disclosure of commodity price risk or foreign exchange
risk and hedging activities
During FY2026, the Company neither traded in nor had any exposure in commodities markets.
The details of Company s foreign currency risk and hedging are provided in the notes to the standalone
Details of utilisation of funds raised through preferential
allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified under
regulation 32(7A) of the Listing Regulations, 2015
The Company has not raised funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement
during the year under review.
Disclosure of loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/
companies in which directors are interested.
During FY2026, the Company and its subsidiaries have not provided any loans and advances in the
nature of loans to firms/companies in which its directors are interested in terms of provisions of
section 184 of the Act.
Means of communication
Publication of financial results and other notices: Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial
results of the Company and other public notices issued for the shareholders are published in
leading English and Marathi language dailies, such as Financial Express and Kesari - Pune edition.
An official press release is also issued. The half-yearly results are also sent via email to the
shareholders, whose email addresses are registered with the Company.
Company website: A separate dedicated section Shareholders is maintained on the Company s
website, viz. www.bajajauto.com for ease of access to the shareholders. The information required
to be disseminated as per regulations 30 and 46 of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and the applicable
provisions of the Act is made available on the Company s website. These more particularly include
quarterly financial results, annual reports, press releases, earnings call transcripts, corporate
governance policies and codes, shareholding pattern and other disclosures filed with the stock
exchanges, details of the corporate contact persons and registrar and share transfer agent of the
Company, etc.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
l Analysts/Institutional investors meet: The Company conducts quarterly conference calls/
meetings with analysts/institutional investors immediately after declaration of financial results to
brief them on the performance of the Company. In compliance with regulation 46 of the Listing
Regulations, 2015, the schedule, audio recordings and transcripts of the analyst/institutional
investor conference call are hosted on the Company s website besides being communicated to the
stock exchanges.
Stock exchange(s) intimations: All financial and other vital official news releases and documents
under the Listing Regulations, 2015 are also communicated to BSE Ltd. (BSE) and National Stock
Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE), where shares of the Company are listed, besides being placed on the
Company's website.
Communication to investors: Sections 20 and 136 of the Act read with the Companies (Accounts)
Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the Listing Regulations, 2015 permit companies to
service delivery of documents electronically at the registered member s/shareholder s email
addresses. During the year under review, the Company sent documents, such as notice calling the
general meeting/postal ballot, audited financial statements, directors report, auditors report, credit
of dividend intimation letters, half-yearly financial results etc. in electronic form at the email
addresses provided by the shareholders and made available by them to the Company through the
depositories. Shareholders desiring to receive the said documents in printed form continue to get
the same upon request. The Company has a dedicated email address exclusively for investor
services, viz. investors@bajajauto.co.in and the same is prominently displayed on the
Company s website.
Statutory Auditors
S R B C & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003) are the statutory
auditors of the Company. Total fees paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis
to the auditors including all entities in their network firm/network entity of which they are a part is
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Statutory Audit Fee
Other Services
2.70
2.89
PT. Bajaj Auto Indonesia
-
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV, Netherlands
-
0.08
-
0.06
-
Bajaj Auto Spain, S.L.U.
-
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda
-
Certificate on corporate governance
The Company has obtained the certificate from Devendra Deshpande, Practising Company Secretary
(Membership No. FCS 6099, CP No. 6515) regarding compliance with the provisions relating to
corporate governance laid down in part E of schedule V to the Listing Regulations, 2015. The certificate
is annexed to this Corporate Governance Report.
Compliance of mandatory and discretionary requirements
Mandatory
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations, 2015.

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Discretionary
The Company has also complied with the discretionary requirements as under:
1. The Board
A Chairman s office has been made available for the non-executive Chairman. He is allowed
reimbursement of expenses incurred in performance of his duties.
2. Shareholder rights
The annual financial results of the Company are sent to the shareholders and also posted on the
Company s website; extracts of these results in the prescribed format are published in newspapers
on an all-India basis.
As a part of good corporate governance practice, the Company sends its half yearly financial results
to shareholders whose email addresses are registered with the depository participants through
email after they are approved by the Board and disseminated to the stock exchanges.
3. Modified opinion(s) in audit report
The Company confirms that its financial statements are with unmodified audit opinion.
4. Separate posts of Chairperson and the Managing Director
The positions of Chairperson and Managing Director are held by two different persons who are not
related to each other.
5. The internal auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee.
Policies
The Company has various policies and codes, duly approved by the Board. The same are reviewed
periodically, to incorporate the changes required in terms of the amendments to the applicable laws or
as per the changing business dynamics. The following contains the link to key policies and codes
adopted by the Company:
Name of Policy
Website Link
Whistle Blower Policy/Vigil
Mechanism
https://www.bajajauto.com/-/media/bajajauto/
Investors/code-policy/Whistle-Blower-Policy.ashx
Remuneration Policy
Codes-Policies/Corporate-Governance/BAL---Revised-
Remuneration-Policy-25-Apr-2023.ashx
Policy of materiality of & dealing
with related party transactions
codes-policies/corporate-governance/final-rpt-policy.pdf
Policy for determining material
subsidiaries
codes-policies/corporate-governance/policy-for-determining-
material-subsidiaries-7425.pdf
Policy on determination of
materiality for disclosure of events
or information
codes-policies/corporate-governance/signed--bal-materiality-
policy-06052026.pdf
Performance evaluation criteria for
Board, committees of Board, and
directors
codes-policies/corporate-governance/bal-pe-criteria-28-
january-2025.pdf

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Name of Policy
Website Link
Dividend Distribution Policy
codes-policies/corporate-governance/dividend-distribution-
policy---18-october-2023.pdf
Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy
https://www.bajajauto.com/-/media/bajajauto/Investors/
code-policy/BAL-Revised-CSR-Policy-29-April-2021.ashx
Code of practices and procedures
for fair disclosure of unpublished
price sensitive information
codes-policies/corporate-governance/bal--code-for-fair-
disclosure-of-upsi--29may2025.pdf
Code of Conduct for directors and
senior management.
codes-policies/corporate-governance/bal-code-for-directors-
sr-mgt-18-mar-25.pdf
Archival Policy
Codes-Policies/Corporate-Governance/bal-policy-on-archival-
of-disclosures.ashx
Report on corporate governance
This chapter, read together with the information given in the Directors Report and the chapters on
Management Discussion and Analysis and General Shareholder Information, constitute the compliance
report on corporate governance for FY2026. The Company has been regularly forwarding the quarterly
compliance report to the stock exchanges as required under regulation 27(2) of the Listing Regulations,
2015. During the year under review, no cyber security incidents or breaches or loss of data or
documents were observed in quarterly compliance report.
Declaration by Chief Executive Officer (MD)
[Regulation 34(3) read with schedule V (part D) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
I, Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director and CEO of Bajaj Auto Ltd. hereby declare that all the members of
Board of Directors and Senior Management have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for
Board of Directors and Senior Management of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2026.
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director and CEO
Pune: 06 May 2026

NON-FINANCIALS
Corporate Governance Report
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure to the Corporate
Governance Report
Certificate of compliance of conditions of
Corporate Governance
[As per provisions of Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended]
Bajaj Auto Ltd.,
Akurdi, Pune-411035
1. We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Bajaj Auto Ltd.
('the Company') as stipulated under regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub - regulation (2)
of regulation 46 and para C, D, and E of schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
('the Listing Regulations') ( Applicable criteria ) for the year ended 31 March 2026 as required
by the Company for annual submission to the stock exchange.
2. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management.
Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for
ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. IT is neither an audit nor an
expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
3. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us,
we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as
stipulated in the above-mentioned SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 for the period as mentioned above except that Bajaj Auto International Holdings
BV (registered in the Netherlands), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has entered into
material related party transaction with Pierer Bajaj AG, PIERER Mobility AG and KTM AG (registered
in Austria) for restructuring support for KTM AG and its subsidiaries, related parties of the
Company, without obtaining prior approval of the shareholders as per regulation 23 of the Listing
Regulations. However, the transaction was subsequently approved by the shareholders.
4. We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the
Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs
of the Company.
FOR DVD & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Devendra V Deshpande
Proprietor
FCS No. 6099 CP No. 6515
PR NO: 7711/2026
Place: Pune
Date: 06 May 2026
UDIN: F006099H000287138

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
GENERAL
SHAREHOLDER
INFORMATION
19th Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Date
21. July 2026
Day
Tuesday
Time
12:30 p.m.
Venue/Mode
Registered office at Mumbai-Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035
Remote e-voting starts
Thursday, 16 July 2026 at 9:00 a.m.
Remote e-voting ends
Monday, 20 July 2026 at 5:00 p.m.
E-voting at AGM
Tuesday, 21 July 2026
Financial Year
01. April to 31 March
Live webcast of the AGM
Pursuant to regulation 44(6) of the SEBI Regulations, 2015, top 100 listed entities shall, with effect from
01 April 2019, provide one-way live webcast of the proceedings of their AGM. Accordingly, as in the
previous year, the Company has entered into an arrangement with KFin to facilitate live webcast of the
proceedings of the ensuing 19th AGM scheduled on 21 July 2026.
Voting through electronic means
Pursuant to section 108 of the Act and the Rules made thereunder and provisions under the SEBI
Listing Regulations, 2015, every listed company is required to provide its members, the facility to
exercise their right to vote at general meetings by electronic means.
The Company has entered into an arrangement with KFin as the authorised agency for this purpose, to
facilitate such e-voting for its members.
The shareholders will therefore be able to exercise their voting rights on the items put up in the Notice
of AGM, through e-voting. Further, in accordance with the Companies (Management and Administration)
Rules, 2014 and MCA circulars, the Company will also be making arrangements to provide for e-voting
facility at the venue of the Annual General Meeting.
Shareholders, who are attending the meeting and who have not already cast their votes by remote
e-voting shall only be able to exercise their right of voting at the meeting.
The cut-off date, as per the said Rules, shall be Tuesday, 14 July 2026 and the remote e-voting shall be
open for a period of five days, from Thursday, 16 July 2026 (9.00 a.m.) till Monday, 20 July 2026 (5.00 p.m.).
The Board have appointed Shri Vaibhav Dandawate (ACS No. 51538, CP No. 27947), or failing him,
Ms. Deepti Kulkarni (ACS No. A34733, CP No. 22502), Partners of M/s. Makarand M Joshi & Co.,
Company Secretaries as the scrutiniser for the e-voting process.

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The detailed procedure is given in the Notice of the 19th AGM and is also placed on the Company's
website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/annual-reports
Financial calendar
Approval of audited annual results for year ending 31 March
April/May
Mailing of annual reports
June
Annual general meeting
July
Unaudited first quarter financial results
July
Unaudited second quarter financial results
October
Unaudited third quarter financial results
January/early February
Share transfer agent
The Company has appointed KFin Technologies Ltd. ('KFin'), as its registrar and share transfer agent for
processing of share transfer/dematerialisation/rematerialisation and allied activities.
Issue of Letter of confirmation (to the extent permitted)/Confirmation Letter for request related to
transmission, transposition, issue of duplicate share certificate(s) as well as requests for
dematerialisation/rematerialisation are being processed in periodical cycles at KFin. Work related to
dematerialisation/rematerialisation is handled by KFin through connectivity with National Securities
Depository Ltd. ('NSDL') and Central Depository Services (India) Ltd. ('CDSL').
Review of service standards adhered by KFin with
respect to share related activities
The Company has agreed service timelines and standards for various shareholder-related services
with KFin. On an on-going basis, the secretarial team engages with officials of KFin at various levels for
review of these standards. Periodic meetings and discussions are held to understand the concerns of
shareholders, deviations, if any, in the timelines for processing service requests, best practices and
other measures to strengthen shareholder-related services.
Record Date
The Company has fixed Friday, 29 May 2026 as the Record Date for the purpose of determining the
members eligible to receive dividend for the financial year 2025-26.
Dividend and date of dividend payment
The Board of directors has proposed a dividend of H 150 per equity share (1500%) of the face value
of H 10 for the financial year 2025-26, subject to approval of members at the ensuing AGM.
Dividend on equity shares, if declared, at the AGM, will be credited/dispatched on or around
24 July 2026, as under:
a) to all those shareholders holding shares in physical form, as per the details provided to the
Company by the share transfer agent of the Company i.e., KFin, as of the closing hours
on Friday, 29 May 2026 and
b) to all those beneficial owners holding shares in electronic form as per beneficial ownership details
provided to the Company by NSDL and CDSL, as of the closing hours on Friday, 29 May 2026.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Payment of dividend
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has issued a Gazette Notification dated 18 November
2025 notifying the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Fifth Amendment
Regulations, 2025, which came into force on 19 November 2025, being the date of publication in the
Official Gazette, require companies to use any electronic mode of payment approved by the Reserve
Bank of India (RBI) for making payments to the members.
In view of the aforesaid amendment in Regulation 12 of SEBI Listing Regulations, with effect from
19 November 2025, all payments shall be made only through electronic mode. No physical warrants,
cheques or demand drafts shall be issued towards payment of dividends, interest, redemption or
repayment amounts.
Accordingly, the dividend, if declared, will be paid only through electronic mode, where the bank
account details of the members are available and intimation regarding such remittance will be sent
separately to the members.
The aforesaid SEBI circular and newspaper advertisement published in this regard are available on the
shareholders section of Company s website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous and
Members holding security in physical or demat form are requested to update their KYC details,
including correct and updated bank account details with Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ('RTA )
or their respective Depository Participants ('DPs') as applicable, to avoid any delay or non-receipt of
aforesaid payments.
For the purpose of updation of KYC, the members are requested to send the details to Registrar &
Transfer Agent (RTA) in the following forms:
Form
Purpose
ISR-1
To update PAN, address, mobile, email address and bank account details
ISR-2
Confirmation of Signature of securities holder by Bank
ISR-3
Declaration to Opt-Out of Nomination
SH-13
To register the nominee
The Company or KFin cannot act on any request received directly from the Members holding shares in
demat form to update the KYC including any change of bank particulars. Such changes are to be
intimated only to the DPs of the Members.
The said forms are available at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous
Tax deducted at source (TDS) on dividend
Pursuant to the changes introduced by the Finance Act, 2020, w.e.f. 01 April 2020 as in the previous
year, there will be no Dividend Distribution Tax payable by the Company. The dividend, if declared, will
be taxable in the hands of the shareholders subject to tax deduction at source at the applicable rates.
The TDS rate would vary depending on the residential status of the shareholders and the documents
submitted by them and accepted by the Company. For the detailed process and formats of declaration,
please refer to FAQs on Tax Deduction at Source on Dividends available on the Company s website at

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Unclaimed dividends
As per section 124(5) of Companies Act, 2013, any money transferred by the Company to the unpaid
dividend account and remaining unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date of such transfer
shall be transferred to a fund called the Investor Education and Protection Fund (the Fund ) set up by
the Central Government.
Accordingly, unpaid/unclaimed dividend for the financial years 2007-08 to 2017-18 has been already
transferred by the Company to this said Fund from September 2015 onwards.
Unclaimed dividend amounting to H 1,71,38,040/- in respect of financial year 2017-18 was transferred
to the Fund in compliance with the provisions of Section 125 of the Act in September 2025.
Unpaid/unclaimed dividend for the financial year 2018-19 shall be due for transfer to the Fund in
September 2026. Members are requested to verify their records and send their claim, if any, for the
FY2018-19 before such amount become due for transfer. Communications are sent to 47 members,
who have not yet claimed final dividend for FY2018-19, requesting them to claim the same as well as
unpaid dividend, if any, for subsequent years.
Additionally, newspaper advertisements are published to enhance the visibility of these reminders.
These details are also uploaded on website of the Company at
As a measure to reduce the unclaimed dividend, efforts are being made on an ongoing basis to reach
out to shareholders requesting them to submit necessary documents to enable them to claim their
unpaid or unclaimed dividend.
The following are the details of unclaimed dividends which are due to be transferred to the Fund in the
coming years including current year. Once again, members who have not claimed the dividends till date
are requested to verify their records and send their claim, if any, before the same becomes due for
transfer as per the table given below:
Year
Dividend Type
Date of Declaration
AGM Date
Last date for
claiming dividend
Due date for
transfer
Final
26. July 2019
24. August 2026
23. September 2026
Interim
(confirmed as Final)
09. March 2020
07. April 2027
06. May 2027
Final
22. July 2021
20. August 2028
19. September 2028
Final
26. July 2022
25. August 2029
24. September 2029
Final
25. July 2023
22. August 2030
21. September 2030
Final
16. July 2024
16. August 2031
15. September 2031
Final
06. August 2025
04. September 2032
04. October 2032
The Company has uploaded details of unclaimed dividend on its website at
Initiatives for reduction of unclaimed dividend
The Company with a view to reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividend has undertaken several steps
as was taken in the last few years. These primarily included proactively reaching out to shareholders,
sending periodic communications, advising the shareholders who approach the Company/KFin for
other service requests to claim their dividend, if any, and remitting unpaid dividend, if any for KYC
compliant folios. The amount is remitted based on the verification of the documents and bonafides of
the claim.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
To reduce the quantum of unclaimed dividends, the Company recently undertook an exercise to
reconcile BENPOS master data with bank records. Following verification of relevant documents,
shareholders' unpaid dividend aggregating to H 1,928,508/- were successfully settled.
The Company has also participated in the 100 days Campaign "Saksham Niveshak" initiative by IEPF
Authority. The first phase of the said campaign was commenced on 28 July 2025 and concluded on
06 November 2025. During this Campaign, all the shareholders who had not claimed their Dividend for
any Financial Years from 2017-18 to 2024-25 or had not updated their KYC and nomination or any
issues related to unclaimed dividends and shares were encouraged to update their KYC details, bank
mandates and contact information so that dividend can be paid to rightful claimant and transfer of
shares to IEPF Authority can be prevented.
In this regard, several communications through letters and emails were made to the shareholders.
The Second phase of the said campaign is also launched by IEPF Authority w.e.f. 01 April 2026.
The Company has uploaded all details of said campaign on its website at
Additionally, newspaper advertisement issued to enhance the visibility. The copy of the
newspaper advertisements is available on the Company s website at
Transfer of shares to IEPF
Pursuant to section 124(6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the Investor Education and Protection Fund
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended (the IEPF Rules ), all
shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed for seven consecutive years or
more shall be transferred by the Company to the IEPF, within 30 days of such shares becoming
due for transfer.
Accordingly, the Company will send individual letters through ordinary/speed post and e-mail to such
shareholders, whose dividend from the year 2018-19 has remained unclaimed, requesting them to
claim the amount of unpaid dividend on or before the date on which Company must transfer the related
shares to the demat account of IEPF. The Company also publishes, on an annual basis, a notice in the
newspapers intimating the shareholders regarding the said transfer. These details are also be made
available on the Company s website https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/disclosures
During the year under review, the Company transferred 4,254 [previous year: 14,836] equity shares of
the face value of H 10 each relating to 69 shareholders [previous year: 20] to the demat Account of the
IEPF Authority held with NSDL/CDSL. Details of such shareholders, whose shares are transferred to
IEPF and their unpaid dividends for subsequent years are available on the website of the Company at
Shareholders can claim such unpaid dividends and underlying shares transferred to the Fund by
following the procedure prescribed in the IEPF Rules. A link to the procedure to claim is available on the
Company s website at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous
Shareholders are requested to get in touch with the compliance officer for further details on the
subject at investors@bajajauto.co.in

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Share Transfer System
SEBI s amended regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, 2015, prohibits the transfer of securities in
physical form from 01 April 2019.
SEBI vide its Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated 30 January 2026,
has provided a special window that has been opened by the Company for lodgement of transfer and
dematerialisation request of physical securities which were sold/purchased prior to 01 April 2019.
The special window has been opened for a period of 1 (one) year from 05 February 2026 to
04 February 2027.
This facility is available to those shareholders who purchased physical shares of the Company prior to
01 April 2019, and;
had not lodged the shares for transfer; or
had lodged the shares for transfer, but the same were rejected/returned/not attended due to
deficiency in the documents/process/or otherwise.
Eligible shareholders are requested to submit the requisite documents complete in all aspects with the
Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent on or before 04 February 2027.
During the year, the communication regarding above were made to the shareholders through social
media, newspaper advertisements and the company's website. The copy of the said circular and
advertisements are available on the company's website at
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous and https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/disclosures
SEBI vide its master circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23 June 2025 has
provided the guidelines to issue the securities in dematerialised form by issuing a Letter of
Confirmation in lieu of physical securities certificates to the securities holder/Claimant within 30 days
of its receipt of such request after removing objections, if any.
Further, SEBI vide its circular HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated 30 January 2026,
various service requests in demat mode, directly into the demat account of the investor after necessary
due diligence by RTA/Company.
The details are also made available on the Company s website
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous.
The total number of shares transferred by issuing letter of confirmations during 2025-26 due to
transmission/deletion of name cases was 30,726 shares versus 72,879 shares during 2024-25.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Dematerialisation/Rematerialisation of shares
During 2025-26, 141,455 shares were dematerialised, versus, 126,631 shares in 2024-25.
Nil shares were rematerialized during 2025-26 versus Nil shares in 2024-25. Shares held in
physical and electronic mode as on 31 March 2026 are in Table 1.
Table 1: Shares held in physical and electronic mode
Particulars
Position as on 31 March 2026
Position as on 31 March 2025
Net change during 2025-26
No. of
Share
No. of
No. of
Share
No. of
No. of
Share
No. of
Physical
718,440
0.26
800,908
0.29
(48)
(82,468)
(0.03)
Demat
NSDL
132,346
204,944,184
73.32
138,398
204,009,376
73.05
(6,052)
934,808
0.28
CDSL
190,404
73,835,214
26.42
215,345
74,447,324
26.66
(24,941)
(612,110)
(0.24)
Sub-total
322,750
278,779,398
99.74
353,743
278,456,700
99.71
(30,993)
322,698
0.03
Total
323,176
279,497,838
354,217
279,257,608
(30,567)
240,230
-
Stock code
1. BSE Ltd., Mumbai
532977
2. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
BAJAJ-AUTO
3. ISIN for depositories (NSDL and CDSL)
INE917I01010
Listing on stock exchanges
Shares of the Company are currently listed on the following stock exchanges:
Name
Address
1. BSE Ltd. (BSE)
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda Building, P J Tower
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001.
2. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE)
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No.C-1, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051.
Pursuant to the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 the Company has entered into a Uniform Listing
Agreement with BSE and NSE. For FY 2026, the listing fees payable to these stock exchanges have been
paid in full.

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Market price data
Table 2: Monthly highs and lows of Company s shares in FY2026
(K vis-à-vis BSE Sensex)
Month
BSE
NSE
Closing BSE
Sensex
High
Low
High
Low
Apr-25
8,329.95
7,088.25
8,328.00
7,089.35
77,414.92
May-25
9,006.60
7,556.05
9,007.00
7,612.00
80,242.24
Jun-25
8,770.00
8,251.05
8,770.00
8,250.00
81,451.01
Jul-25
8,482.05
7,882.80
8,484.00
7,930.50
83,606.46
Aug-25
8,871.00
7,879.45
8,872.50
7,858.50
81,185.58
Sep-25
9,471.00
8,637.65
9,490.00
8,640.00
79,809.65
Oct-25
9,223.75
8,490.10
9,236.50
8,491.50
80,267.62
Nov-25
9,250.00
8,606.00
9,254.50
8,605.00
83,938.71
Dec-25
9,396.55
8,735.00
9,398.00
8,735.00
85,706.67
Jan-26
9,883.30
9,074.65
9,888.00
9,072.00
85,220.60
Feb-26
10,186.60
9,180.75
10,187.00
9,175.50
82,269.78
Mar-26
9,920.00
8,720.20
9,941.50
8,742.50
81,287.19
Apr 25
May 25
Jun 25
Jul 25
Aug 25
Sep 25
Oct 25
Nov 25
Dec 25
Jan 26
Mar 26
Feb 26
Price
31. March 2025 to 31 March 2026
Bajaj Auto Ltd. stock performance Vs Bse Sensex,
during 2025-26, indexed to 100 on 31 March 2025
BSE Closing
Bajaj Auto

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Distribution of shareholding
Table 3 gives details about the pattern of shareholding across various categories as on 31 March 2026,
while Table 4 gives the data according to size classes.
Table 3: Distribution of shareholdings across Categories
As on 31 March 2026
As on 31 March 2025
Categories
Promoters
153,756,828
55.01
153,708,367
55.04
FPIs/FIIs
24,653,845
8.82
32,411,270
11.61
Mutual Funds
20,053,327
7.17
18,264,671
6.54
Nationalised and other banks
75,626
0.03
143,739
0.05
NRIs and OCBs
2,094,554
0.75
2,006,885
0.72
Others
78,863,658
28.22
72,722,676
26.04
Total
279,497,838
100.00
279,257,608
100.00
Table 4: Distribution of shareholding according to size class as on 31 March 2026
No. of shareholders
Shares held in each class
Category
Number
%
Number
%
1 to 500
316,575
97.96
6,139,495
2.20
501 to 1000
2,245
0.69
1,645,199
0.59
1001 to 2000
1,408
0.44
2,054,173
0.73
2001 to 3000
0.20
1,620,630
0.58
3001 to 4000
0.12
1,376,139
0.49
4001 to 5000
0.09
1,303,572
0.47
5001 to 10000
0.18
4,099,918
1.47
10001 and above
1,033
0.32
261,258,712
93.47
Total
323,176
100.00
279,497,838
100.00
Shareholders' and investors' grievances
The Board of directors of the Company has a stakeholders relationship committee to specifically look
into and resolve grievances of security-holders on various matters.
Routine queries/complaints received from shareholders are promptly attended to and replied. Queries/
complaints received during FY2026 were relating to dividend payment, issue of duplicate shares,
Entitlement letter etc.
During the year, twenty-seven complaints were received from SEBI/Stock Exchanges/Investors
that were resolved to the satisfaction of investors. As on 31 March 2026, there were two complaints
which are under review by the SEBI and no action remained to be taken on the Company s side at
the year end.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Green initiative
The Company believes in driving environmental initiatives. As a step in this direction, IT availed of
special services offered by NSDL/CDSL to update email addresses of shareholders holding shares with
depository participant registered with these entities and who have not registered their email addresses.
This will enable such shareholders to immediately receive various email communication from the
Company from time to time including the Annual Report, dividend credit intimation etc. Shareholders
who have not updated their email, are requested to do so by sending a request to the Company/KFin or
their respective depository participant.
Also, the Company has availed of the special services offered by NSDL/CDSL for sending SMS per
demat account where email address is not registered.
Demat suspense account with HDFC Bank for
unclaimed shares
A) In accordance with the provisions contained in clause 5A of the erstwhile Listing Agreement
(corresponding to regulation 39(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015) as amended by SEBI
through its circular dated 16 December 2010, the Company, during 2011-12, had sent three
reminders to such shareholders whose shares were lying 'undelivered/unclaimed' with the
Company; and then followed IT by opening of the unclaimed share suspense demat account titled
Bajaj Auto Ltd. - Unclaimed Suspense Account with the HDFC Bank in April 2012.

After completing the necessary formalities, 44,375 shares held by 148 shareholders were
transferred to this suspense account in April 2012. Voting rights on such shares remain frozen till
the rightful owner claims these shares.

The Company, acting as a trustee in respect of the unclaimed shares, follows the modalities for
the operation of the said account in the manner set out in regulation 39(4) of the SEBI Listing

The summary of this account for FY2026 is as follows:
Particulars
No. of
shareholders
Outstanding
in the Unclaimed Suspense Account as on 01 April 2025
2,117
No. of shares transferred to Unclaimed Suspense Account
during the year 2025-26
NIL
NIL
No. of shareholders who approached to the Company &
the claim were settled [shares were transferred from the
Unclaimed Suspense Account to shareholders during the
year 2025-26]
NIL
NIL
Aggregate no. of shareholders & the outstanding
shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense Account
as on 31 March 2026
2,117

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
B) In accordance with the SEBI circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated
25 January 2022 on Issuance of Securities in dematerialized form in case of Investor Service
Requests , the Letter of Confirmation which are not dematerialized within 120 days from the
date of its issuance, the RTA/Issuer Companies credits the securities to the Suspense Escrow
Demat Account of the Company. Pursuant to the said circular, the Company has opened a suspense
escrow demat account with HDFC Bank. The position of the said demat account as on
31 March 2026 is as follows:
Particulars
No. of
shareholders
Outstanding
in the Unclaimed Suspense Account as on 01 April 2025
13,790
No. of shares transferred to Unclaimed Suspense Account
during the year 2025-26
3,310
No. of shareholders who approached to the Company &
the claim were settled [shares were transferred from the
Unclaimed Suspense Account to shareholders during the
year 2025-26]
NIL
NIL
in the Unclaimed Suspense Account as on 31 March 2026
17,100
Certifications obtained from Practising
Company Secretary
The Company has inter-alia obtained the following certifications by the Practising Company Secretary
for share-related matters, as per the details given below:
Regulation
Frequency
Reconciliation of Share Capital under Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories and
Participants) Regulations, 2018
Quarterly
Nomination
Details of nomination shall be furnished through hard copy or electronic mode with e-signatures as follows:
Either,
Nomination through Form SH-13 as provided in the Rules 19(1) of Companies (Shares capital
and debenture) Rules, 2014 or
Declaration to Opt-out , as per Form ISR-3
ii. Securities holder(s) can change or cancel their nominee through Form SH-14
iii. Nomination facility for shares held in electronic form is also available with depository participant.
The said forms are available on the website of the Company at

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Issuance of Securities in dematerialised form in
case of Investor Service Requests
Pursuant to SEBI vide its master circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23 June
2025, mandated that the listed Companies shall issue the securities in dematerialized form only, while
processing the following service requests:
Issue of Duplicate securities certificate;
Claim from Unclaimed Suspense account;
Renewal/Exchange of securities certificate;
Endorsement;
Sub-division/Splitting of securities certificate;
Consolidation of securities certificates/folios;
Transmission;
Transposition;
For enabling the shareholders to demat their securities, the Registrar and Share transfer Agent shall
issue a Letter of Confirmation in lieu of physical share certificates to physical shareholders for
enabling them to dematerialise the securities.
Further, SEBI vide its circular HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated 30 January 2026,
various service requests (applicable on all above mentioned service requests) in demat mode, directly
into the demat account of the investor after necessary due diligence by RTA/Company.
The details are also made available on the Company s website
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous.
Simplification of Procedure of Transmission
of Securities
SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23 June 2025, specified the
operational guidelines for processing investors service request (applicable on all above mentioned
service requests) for the purpose of transmission of securities and formats of various documents which
are required to be furnished for the processing of transmission of securities.
The procedure provided in this circular is duly followed by our registrar and share transfer agent while
processing transmission service request. A link to the procedure is available on the Company s website
at https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/miscellaneous
Simplification of Procedure for issuance of
Duplicate Share Certificates
SEBI, vide circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/70 dated 25 May 2022, read
with Para 22 of Master Circular for Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents ( RTAs ) dated
23 June 2025 ( master circular ), prescribed the documentary, procedural requirements and threshold
for such issuance.

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
With the objective of further simplifying the procedure of issuance of duplicate securities and to make IT
more efficient and investor friendly, SEBI vide its circular HO/38/13/11(3)2025-MIRSD-POD/I/1102/2025
dated 25 December 2025 reviewed the threshold and simplified the documentation for issuance of
duplicate securities certificates.
The procedure provided in this circular is duly followed by our registrar and share transfer agent while
processing Duplicate share certificates service request.
A link to the procedure is available on the Company s website at
Further, the said circular also mandates the listed company to take special contingency policy from
insurance company towards the risk arising out of the requirements relating to issuance of duplicate
securities in order to safeguard and protect the interest of the listed company. The Company is in
compliance with said circular.
Investor grievances redressal through the SEBI
Complaints Redress System (SCORES) platform and
Online Dispute Resolution (ODR)
SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/2023/156 dated 20 September 2023 stated that a
complaint lodged in SCORES platform will automatically be forwarded to the concerned entity with a
copy to designated body.
Entity will upload Action Taken Report (ATR) on SCORES within 21 days from the receipt of the
Complaint. Failure which, the designated body will take cognizance of the complaint for first review of
the resolution through SCORES and ask Company to submit ATR to the designated body. The
complainant may seek a second review by SEBI of the Complaint within 15 calendar days from the date
of the submission of the ATR by the Designated Body.
SEBI vide its press release PR No.06/2024 dated 01 April 2024, launched the new version of the SEBI
Complaint Redress System (SCORES 2.0).
The details of the above circular and press release are available on your Company s website at
Investors can lodge complaints only through new version of SCORES i.e. https://scores.sebi.gov.in from
01 April 2024.
In case a member is not satisfied with the resolution provided by the Company/RTA, then the online
dispute resolution process can be initiated through the ODR portal at https://smartodr.in/odr/login/.
The link to the ODR Portal is also displayed on your Company s website at
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/online-dispute-resolution
As on 31 March 2026, no matters relating to your Company, were pending in SMART ODR mechanism.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

NON-FINANCIALS
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Outstanding convertible instruments/ADRs/
GDRs/warrants
The Company does not have any outstanding convertible instruments/ADRs/GDRs/warrants as on date
of this report.
Investor Support Centre
Members may utilise the facility extended by the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for raising
queries pertaining to dividend, KYC updation, interest/redemption, etc. by
visiting https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/
Online Application by KFin for Investor Query,
Service Request & Grievance
Members are hereby notified that our Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA), KFin Technologies
Limited (Formerly known as KFin Technologies Private Limited), basis the SEBI Circular (SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/72 ) dated 08 June 2023, have launched an online application which
can be accessed at https://ris.kfintech.com > Investor Services > Investor Support.
This android mobile application can be downloaded from the Google Play Store.
Members are requested to register/sign up, using the Name, PAN, Mobile and email ID. Post
registration, user can login via OTP and execute activities like, raising Service Request, Query,
Complaints, check for status, KYC details, Dividend, Interest, Redemptions, e-Meeting and
e-Voting details.
Quick link to access the signup page: https://kprism.kfintech.com/signup
Address for correspondence
Investors and shareholders can correspond with the share transfer agent or the registered office of the
Company at the following address:
Share transfer agent
KFin Technologies Ltd.
(Previously known as KFin Technologies Pvt. Ltd.)
Registered Address: 301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla
(West), Mumbai, 400 070, Maharashtra.
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072
SEBI Registration No.: INR000000221

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Address for Correspondence/Operations Centre
KFin Technologies Ltd.
Unit: Bajaj Auto Ltd.
Selenium Tower B, Plot No. 31& 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally Mandal,
Hyderabad 500 032, Telangana.
Email ID
einward.ris@kfintech.com
Toll Free/Phone Number
1800 309 4001
WhatsApp Number
(91) 910 009 4099
Investor Support Centre
https://kprism.kfintech.com/
KFINTECH Corporate Website
https://www.kfintech.com
RTA Website
https://ris.kfintech.com
KPRISM (Mobile Application)
https://kprism.kfintech.com/signup
RTA Search
https://www.registrarsassociation.com/search
Contact persons
Bhaskar Roy
Mohd. Mohsinuddin
Tel. No: (040) 6716 2222
Fax No: (040) 2300 1153
Toll free No: 1-800-309-4001
WhatsApp Number: (91) 910 009 4099
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com or https://ris.kfintech.com/
Company
Company Secretary and Compliance officer
Rajiv Gandhi
Tel. No: (020) 6610 4486
Fax No: (020) 2740 7380
Email: investors@bajajauto.co.in
Website: www.bajajauto.com
Shareholders may get in touch with the Company Secretary for further assistance.

100. Years of Bajaj Group
Certificate of non-disqualification of directors
(Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
Bajaj Auto Ltd.,
Akurdi, Pune-411035
We have examined the relevant disclosures provided by the directors (as enlisted in Table A)
to Bajaj Auto Ltd. having CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076 and having registered office at Bajaj Auto Ltd.
Complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune-411035, Maharashtra, India, (hereinafter referred to as
the Company ) for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with regulation 34 (3) read with
schedule V para C clause 10 (i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information, based on (i) Documents available on the website of the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ('MCA') (ii) Disclosures provided by the directors to the Company, we
hereby certify that none of the directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of the Companies by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other statutory
authority as on 31 March 2026.
Table A
Name of the Directors
DIN
Date of appointment
in Company
1.
Nirajkumar Ramkrishnaji Bajaj
00028261
30/01/2008
2.
Rajivnayan Rahulkumar Bajaj
00018262
02/05/2007
3.
Sanjivnayan Rahulkumar Bajaj
00014615
02/05/2007
4.
Pradeep Shrivastava
07464437
01/04/2016
5.
Rakesh Sharma
08262670
01/01/2019
6.
Dr. Naushad Darius Forbes
00630825
18/05/2017
7.
Anami Narayan Prema Roy
01361110
14/09/2017
8.
Pradip Panalal Shah
00066242
01/04/2019
9.
Abhinav Bindra
00929250
20/05/2020
10.
Vinita Bali
00032940
01/04/2024
11.
Dr. Sangita Reddy
00006285
16/07/2024
General Disclaimer: Our Analysis for this certificate does not cover the verification of criteria pertaining to appointment as
independent director under section 149 and criteria pertaining to appointment as Managing Director under section 196 and
schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cert. No.: 6832/2025
Kumudini Bhalerao
Partner
FCS No: 6667
CP No.: 6690
Date: 06 May 2026
UDIN: F006667H000296506
Place: Mumbai

STANDALONE
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Independent Auditors Report on the Standalone Financial Statements
To the Members of Bajaj Auto Ltd.
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of Bajaj Auto Limited (the Company ), which comprise the
Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss, including the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income,
the Statement of Cash Flows and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial
statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the Act ) in the manner so required and give a
true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at
31 March 2026, its profit including other comprehensive income, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with
the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant
to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Other Information
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Chairman s letter, Management Discussion and Analysis, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate
Governance and Directors Report, but does not include the standalone financial statements and our auditor s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a
material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and those charged with governance for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of
these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance including other
comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates
that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are also responsible for overseeing the Company s financial reporting process.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Independent Auditors Report on the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Auditors responsibilities for the audit of the standalone financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a
material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has
adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s report. However,
future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2020 (the Order ) , issued by the Central Government of India in terms
of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the Annexure 1 a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3
and 4 of the Order.
2.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit;

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as IT appears from our
examination of those books;
The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income, the Statement
of Cash Flows and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account;
In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Independent Auditors Report on the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31 March 2026 taken on record by the Board
of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of
Section 164 (2) of the Act;
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements and
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in Annexure 2 to this report;
(g)
In our opinion, the managerial remuneration for the year ended 31 March 2026 has been paid/provided by the Company to
its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act;
(h)
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us:

The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone financial
statements - Refer note 35 to the standalone financial statements;

The Company has made provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for material
foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts - Refer Note 32 to the standalone

There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Company.
The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in the
note 45(g) to the standalone financial statements, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either
from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any
other person or entity, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief and read with note 45(h) to
the standalone financial statements, no funds have been received by the Company from any person or entity,
including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

Based on such audit procedures performed that were considered reasonable and appropriate in the
circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under
sub-clause (a) and (b) contain any material misstatement.

The final dividend paid by the Company during the year in respect of the same declared for the previous year is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to payment of dividend.

As stated in note 34(b) to the standalone financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Company have proposed
final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to declaration of dividend.

vi.
Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software for maintaining
its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated
throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software (refer note 45(l) to the standalone financial
statements). Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being
tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for
record retention to the extent IT was enabled and recorded in the prior years, as stated in note 45(l) to the standalone
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
UDIN: 26105754BFUHLR1821

Pune: 06 May 2026

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report
Referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading Report on other legal and regulatory requirements of our report of
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records examined
by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(A)
The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of
Property, Plant and Equipment.

(B)
The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.

Property, Plant and Equipment have been physically verified by management in accordance with a planned program of
verifying them once in three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the
nature of its assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.

The title deeds of all immovable properties included in Property, Plant and Equipment; and Investment Property (other
than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are
held in the name of the Company.

The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment or intangible assets during the year ended 31 March 2026.
Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(i)(d) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

Based on the information and explanations given to us, there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Company
for holding any benami property under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made
thereunder. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(i)(e) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
The management has conducted physical verification of inventory including inventory lying with third parties at
reasonable intervals during the year. In our opinion the frequency of verification by management is reasonable and the
coverage and the procedure of such verification by the management is appropriate. Discrepancies of 10% or more in
aggregate for each class of inventory were not noticed during such physical verification.

Based on the information and explanations given by the Management, the Company has not been sanctioned any working
capital limits on the basis of security of current assets from banks or financial institutions during any point of time during
the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
During the year the Company has provided loans to companies and loans/advances in the nature of loans to employee, the
details of which are as follows:
Particulars
Amount
(J in Crore)
Aggregate amount granted during the year
a) Companies

-
Subsidiary
323.54

-
Others
-
b) Employees
2.04
Balance outstanding as at Balance Sheet date
a) Companies
-
Subsidiary
1,634.92
-
Others
21.40
b) Employees
2.39

During the year the Company has not stood guarantee or provided security to any entity and hence not commented upon by us.

(b) During the year the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of all loans to companies and loans/
advances in the nature of loans to its employees are not prejudicial to the Company's interest. The Company has not stood
guarantee or provided security in connection with loans or advances in the nature of loans during the year and hence not
commented upon by us.

The Company has granted loans to companies and advances in the nature of loans during the year to its employees where
the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has been stipulated and the repayment/receipts are
regular.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report (Contd.)

(d) In respect of loans to companies and advances in the nature of loans granted to employees during the year, there are no
amounts overdue for more than ninety days. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(d) in respect of loans
to companies and loan/advances in the nature of loans to its employees is not applicable.

In respect of loans to companies and loans/advances in the nature of loans granted to employees, there were no amounts
which have fallen due during the year, that have been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the overdues
of existing loans given to the companies and to the same employees. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause
3(iii)(e) in respect of loans to companies and loans/advances in nature of loans to its employees is not applicable.

In respect of loans to companies and loans/advances in the nature of loans granted to employees, there were no amounts
granted which were either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment. Accordingly, the
requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(f) of the Order is not applicable.
The Company has not advanced any loans, guarantees or security to any entity covered by the provisions of section 185 of the
Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company in
respect of section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013, pertaining to these transactions. In respect of loans given and investments
made, the Company has complied with the provisions of section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
The Company has neither accepted any deposits from the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to be deposits
within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, to the extent applicable.
Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
vi.
We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central
Government for the maintenance of cost records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and are of the opinion that
prima facie, the specified accounts and records have been made and maintained. We have not, however, made a detailed
examination of the same.
vii.
The Company is regular in depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Services
Tax, provident fund, employees state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value
added tax, cess and other statutory dues wherever applicable. According to the information and explanations given to us
and based on audit procedures performed by us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of these statutory dues were
outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.

The dues of Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty
of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues wherever applicable, and which have not been
deposited on account of any dispute, are as follows:
Name of the Statute
Nature of dues
Amount
(J in Crore)
Period to which amount
relates to
Forum where the
dispute is pending
The Central Excise Act, 1944
Excise Duty
327.48. Various Years from 2010-11
to 2016-17
Supreme Court
Excise Duty
1.43. Various Years from 1985-86
to 2001-02
High Court
Excise Duty
1.37. Various Years from 1983-84
to 2014-15
Custom Excise and Service
Tax Appellate Tribunal
Excise Duty
0.34. Various Years from 1991-92
to 2016-17
Commissioner Appeals
Central Sales Tax Act, 1956
and Sales Tax Act of
various States
Sales Tax
63.18. Various Years from 2000-01
to 2017-18
Appellate Tribunal
Sales Tax
0.25. Financial Year 2009-10
Appellate Authority
Sales Tax
0.17. Financial Year 2015-16
Adjudicating authority
Sales Tax
34.63. Various Years from 1998-99
to 2017-18
Appellate Authority
The Income Tax Act, 1961
Income Tax
539.05
Various years from Financial
year 2007-08, 2008-09,
2010-11 to 2011-12 and FY
Income Tax Appellate
Tribunal
Income Tax
162.70
Various years from Financial
Year 2017-18, 2018-19 and
Commissioner of Income-
Tax (Appeals)
Income Tax
29.72. FY 2009-10
Income Tax Appellate
Tribunal and High court
Income Tax
43.40. FY 2020-2021
High Court

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report (Contd.)
Name of the Statute
Nature of dues
Amount
(J in Crore)
Period to which amount
relates to
Forum where the
dispute is pending
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
3.85. Financial Year 1984-85 and
High Court
Customs Duty
5.13. Various Years from FY
Commissioner of Customs
Customs Duty
5.50. Various Years from 1977-78
to 2013-14
Assistant Commissioner of
Customs
Goods and Service
Tax Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax
13.05. FY 2017-18 to FY 2020-21
Joint Commissioner
(Appeals)
Goods and Service Tax
265.07. FY 2020-21
High Court
Goods and Service Tax
47.32. Various Years from
Commissioner (Appeals)
Octroi
Octroi Duty
12.67
Various Years from 1988-89
to 2004-05 and from
2012-13 to 2016-17
High Court
Note: The amounts disclosed above are net of the payments made to the respective authorities where the dispute is pending.
viii. The Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction, previously unrecorded in the books of account, in the tax
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(viii)
ix.
(a)/(c) The Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans (including sales-tax deferral) and interest thereon to any
lender during the year. Further, the Company did not have any term loans or interest due to any lender during the year.
Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(a) and 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(b) Based on the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or
financial institution or government or any government authority.

On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, no funds raised on short-term basis have been
used for long-term purposes by the Company.

On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity
or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries or associates. The Company did not have any joint
venture during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(e) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries or associate
companies. The Company did not have any joint venture during the year. Hence, the requirement to report on clause (ix)(f)
x.
The Company has not raised any money during the year by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt
instruments). Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(b) The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully,
partially or optionally convertible) during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is
not applicable to the Company.
xi.
No fraud by the Company or no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year.

During the year, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 has been filed by secretarial
auditor/cost auditor or by us in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014
with the Central Government.

We have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year while
determining the nature, timing and extent of audit procedures.
xii. The Company is not a Nidhi Company as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the requirements to report
on clause 3(xii)(a), 3(xii)(b) and 3(xii)(c) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
xiii. Transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013 where applicable
and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the standalone financial statements, as required by the applicable
accounting standards.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report (Contd.)
xiv. (a)
The Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.

(b) The internal audit reports of the Company issued till the date of the audit report, for the period under audit have been
considered by us.
xv.
The Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with its directors and
accordingly the requirement to report on clause 3(xv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
xvi. (a)/(b)/(c)

The provisions of section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 1934) are not applicable to the Company.
Further, the Company is not engaged in any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities and is not a Core
Investment Company as defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, the requirement to report
on clause 3(xvi)(a), 3(xvi)(b) and 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(d) In our opinion, and according to the information and explanation given to us, in the Group (in accordance with Core
Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) there are 20 companies forming part of the Group of the
Company which are CICs (These are unregistered CICs as per Para 8.1/9.1 of Notification No. RBI/2020-21/24 dated 13
August 2020 of the Reserve Bank of India).
xvii. The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current year and immediately preceding financial year respectively.
Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(xvii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly requirement to report on Clause 3(xviii)
xix. On the basis of the financial ratios disclosed in note 42 to the standalone financial statements, ageing and expected dates of
realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the standalone financial
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence
supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty
exists as on the date of the audit report that the Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of Balance
Sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the Balance Sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an
assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of
the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year
from the Balance Sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
xx.
In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a fund
specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 in compliance with second proviso to sub section 5 of section 135 of
the Companies Act, 2013. This matter has been disclosed in note 29 to the standalone financial statements.

(b) All amounts that are unspent under section (5) of section 135 of Companies Act, pursuant to any ongoing project, has been
transferred to special account in compliance of with provisions of sub section (6) of section 135 of the said Act.
This matter has been disclosed in note 29 to the standalone financial statements.

For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
UDIN: 26105754BFUHLR1821
Pune: 06 May 2026

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure 2 to Independent Auditors Report
Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under the heading Report on other legal and regulatory requirements of our report of
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act )
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of Bajaj Auto Limited (the Company )
as of 31 March 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management s responsibility for internal financial controls
The Company s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India ( ICAI ). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company s
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) and the Standards on Auditing, as specified under section 143(10) of the Act, to the
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require
that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate
internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements was established and maintained and if such
controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with
reference to these standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with
reference to standalone financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to
these standalone financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment,
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
Company s internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements.
Meaning of internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements
A company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial controls with reference to
standalone financial statements includes those policies and procedures that
(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the company;
(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and
(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure 2 to Independent Auditors Report (Contd.)
Inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements
to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to standalone financial statements may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial
statements and such internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements were operating effectively as at
31 March 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
UDIN: 26105754BFUHLR1821
Pune: 06 May 2026

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BALANCE SHEET
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Balance Sheet (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

ASSETS
3,466.55
3,500.17
43.08
26.02
Investment property
48.31
47.78
Intangible assets
17.89
2.81
55.25
2.24
Investments in subsidiaries
5A
5,703.88
4,201.95
Financial assets
Investments
5B
16,936.64
18,784.83
Loans
1,635.71
1,082.14
30.64
29.38
Income tax assets (net)
1,154.07
1,237.61
Other non-current assets
64.91
86.66
29,156.93
29,001.59
Current assets
Inventories
2,353.70
1,957.90
Financial assets
Investments
5B
7,472.75
5,583.45
Trade receivables
2,712.20
2,282.64
1,220.56
813.42
80.47
515.13
Loans
23.00
2.55
1,513.50
1,486.95
Other current assets
1,353.00
785.27
16,729.18
13,427.31
Total
45,886.11
42,428.90

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Balance Sheet (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital
279.50
279.26
Other equity
34,695.17
31,867.68
34,974.67
32,146.94
Financial liabilities
73.30
127.64
Provisions
52.86
0.45
965.35
1,123.03
Government grant
25.38
28.04
Other non-current liabilities
0.02
0.05
1,116.91
1,279.21
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
800.00
Trade payables
222.11
246.11
7,134.12
6,021.52
749.68
680.07
Other current liabilities
994.90
772.74
Provisions
470.76
251.06
Government grant
2.65
220.31
228.60
9,794.53
9,002.75
Total
45,886.11
42,428.90
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PROFIT AND LOSS
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Statement of Profit and Loss (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars

56,113.68
48,247.22
2,618.80
1,763.09
58,732.48
50,010.31
Other income
1,562.92
1,420.94
Total income
60,295.40
51,431.25
Expenses
Cost of raw materials and components consumed
38,250.44
32,265.79
Purchase of traded goods
3,254.63
3,036.47
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and traded goods
(319.33)
35.18
Employee benefits expense
1,664.25
1,579.44
Finance costs
35.93
67.72
Depreciation and amortisation expense
448.21
400.09
Other expenses
3,938.30
3,044.34
Expenses, included in above items, capitalised
(72.42)
(49.67)
Total expenses
47,200.01
40,379.36
13,095.39
11,051.89
Exceptional items (net) - (gain)/loss
29A
23.80
-
13,071.59
11,051.89
Tax expense
Current tax
3,194.75
2,559.04
Deferred tax
67.61
130.17
Deferred tax - Exceptional Item
(15.43)
211.26
Total tax expense
3,246.93
2,900.47
9,824.66
8,151.42

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Statement of Profit and Loss (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(0.11)
23.72
0.03
(5.97)
Changes in fair value of FVTOCI equity instruments
(1,467.35)
1,474.17
45m
209.83
(268.68)
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
Valuation gains/(losses) on derivative hedging instruments
-
Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)
(1,257.60)
1,223.24
8,567.06
9,374.66
Earnings per share (in J)
Basic Earnings per share (in H)
352.0
292.1
Diluted Earnings per share (in H)
351.5
291.5
(Nominal value per share H 10)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CHANGES IN EQUITY
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Statement Of Changes In Equity
A. Equity share capital
(H In Crore)
Particulars

279.26
279.18
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors
-
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period
279.26
279.18
Changes in equity share capital during the year
0.24
0.08
279.50
279.26

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Statement Of Changes In Equity (Contd.)
B. Other equity
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Reserves and surplus
Other reserves
Total
other
equity
General
Retained
earnings
FVTOCI
reserve equity
Securities
premium
Capital
redemption
Share based
payments
Treasury

Balance as at 31 March 2024
6,389.60
16,416.32
1,665.71
86.31
10.41
102.46
(89.49)
24,581.32
-
8,151.42
-
8,151.42
-
17.75
1,205.49
-
1,223.24
Total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2025
-
8,169.17
1,205.49
-
9,374.66
Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners
Recognition of share based payments to employees
-
64.87
-
64.87
-
29.26
-
29.26
-
51.01
Transfer of share based payment reserve to free reserve
-
67.89
-
(67.89)
-
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2024
-
(2,233.44)
-
(2,233.44)
Balance as at 31 March 2025
6,389.60
22,419.94
2,871.20
115.57
10.41
99.44
(38.48)
31,867.68
-
9,824.66
-
9,824.66
-
(0.08)
(1,257.52)
-
(1,257.60)
Total comprehensive income for year ended 31 March 2026
-
9,824.58
(1,257.52)
-
8,567.06
Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners
Recognition of share based payments to employees
-
70.60
-
70.60
-
93.24
-
93.24
-
(39.00)
Transfer of share based payment reserve to free reserve
-
6.46
-
(6.46)
-
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025
-
(5,864.41)
-
(5,864.41)
Balance as at 31 March 2026
6,389.60
26,386.57
1,613.68
208.81
10.41
163.58
(77.48)
34,695.17
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CASH FLOWS
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Statement Of Cash Flows (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Operating activities
13,071.59
11,051.89
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Add
i) Depreciation and amortisation expense
448.21
400.09
ii) Loss on property, plant and equipment sold, demolished, discarded
and scrapped
3.28
2.28
iii) Provision for doubtful debts and advances
3.97
(4.92)
iv) Bad debts written off
0.11
6.82
v) Share based payment to employees
70.60
64.87
vi) Exchange loss/(gain) on cash and cash equivalents
0.88
6.71
vii) Exchange loss/(gain) on trade receivables
(41.92)
0.07
viii) Exchange loss/(gain) on import payables
3.30
0.51
ix) Exchange loss/(gain) on borrowings
-
16.44
x) Exchange loss/(gain) on loans given
(252.35)
(16.02)
xi) Loss/(gain) on fair valuation of derivative instrument
10.49
-
xii) Interest adjustment on Government grant
1.99
1.79
xiii) Interest income on Income-tax refund
(33.92)
-
xiv) Interest expense
33.94
65.93
248.58
544.57
Less
i) Investment income included in above:
166.53
123.81
55.91
87.29
105.50
7.64
432.53
436.49
52.77
49.55
Profit/(loss) on sale of other investments, net
12.79
31.05
Gain on valuation and realisation of mutual funds measured at
fair value through profit or loss
484.34
633.28
32.55
30.10
Amortisation of premium/discount on acquisition of
fixed income securities
(6.16)
1.35
1,336.76
1,400.56
ii) Government grants
2.65
iii) Surplus on sale of property, plant and equipment
4.08
3.23
iv) Gain on NPV settlement of deferred sales tax
34.53
-
(1,378.02)
(1,406.44)
11,942.15
10,190.02
Change in assets and liabilities
i) (Increase)/decrease in inventories
(395.80)
(262.28)
ii) (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables
(391.72)
(162.21)
iii) (Increase)/decrease in loans and other assets
(736.53)
(867.26)
iv) Increase/(decrease) in liabilities and provisions
1,628.81
1,048.93
104.76
(242.82)
Annuity payments (net) to VRS/Welfare scheme optees
(0.09)
(0.12)
Net cash flow from operating activities before income-tax
12,046.82
9,947.08
Income-tax paid (net of refunds)
(3,085.58)
(2,680.35)
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
8,961.24
7,266.73
Carried forward
8,961.24
7,266.73

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Statement Of Cash Flows (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Brought forward
8,961.24
7,266.73
Investing activities
i) Investment in subsidiaries
(1,501.93)
(2,113.53)
ii) Sale of investments
7,781.31
2,387.57
iii) Purchase of investments
(8,848.93)
(4,047.32)
iv) Sale/(purchase) of liquid mutual funds, etc., net
535.38
1,279.91
v) Addition to investment property
(1.66)
-
vi) Changes in treasury shares by ESOP trust
(39.00)
51.01
vii) (Increase)/decrease in other bank balances
(15.32)
22.88
viii) Deposits with Banks placed
-
(750.00)
ix) Deposits with Banks redeemed
750.00
1,041.50
x) Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including advances)
(430.38)
(725.31)
xi) Sale proceeds of property plant and equipment
10.24
6.38
xii) Loans given
(323.54)
(1,064.41)
xiii) Expenditure on intangible assets (including under development)
(70.71)
(2.80)
(2,154.54)
(3,914.12)
xiv) Investment income
166.53
123.81
55.91
87.29
105.50
7.64
32.55
30.10
360.49
248.84
(Increase)/decrease in interest receivable
(142.32)
24.30
218.17
273.14
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
(1,936.37)
(3,640.98)
Carried forward
7,024.87
3,625.75

100. Years of Bajaj Group
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CASH FLOWS
100. Years of Bajaj Group
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)
Statement Of Cash Flows (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Brought forward
7,024.87
3,625.75
III. Financing activities
i) Short term bank loan taken/(repaid)
(800.00)
(50.49)
ii) Interest expense
(33.94)
(65.93)
iii) Equity share buy-back (including tax and expenses)
-
(931.84)
iv) Change in sales tax deferral liability
(0.02)
0.01
v) Repayment of deferred sales tax liability (NPV basis)
(21.79)
-
vi) Issue of capital (including securities premium)
93.48
29.34
vii) Dividend paid (including payment of earlier unclaimed dividend)
(5,854.58)
(2,235.32)
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
(6,616.85)
(3,254.23)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
408.02
371.52
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
813.42
448.61
Add/(Less): Effects of exchange (loss)/gain on cash and cash equivalents
(0.88)
(6.71)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year [See note 11]
1,220.56
813.42
Change in liability arising from financing activity:
800.00
834.05
Changes from financing cash flows
(800.00)
(50.49)
Foreign exchange movement
-
16.44
As at the end of the year
-
800.00

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Notes to standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026
Corporate information
Bajaj Auto Ltd. (the Company ) (CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076) is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in India.
The Company is engaged in the business of development, manufacturing and distribution of automobiles such as motorcycles,
commercial vehicles, electric vehicles etc. and parts thereof. The Company sells its products in India as well as in various other
global markets. The registered office of the Company is located at Mumbai-Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035.
The standalone financial statements were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the
Company on 06 May 2026.
1 Summary of material accounting policies followed by the Company
Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
These standalone financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under
section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) read together with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as
amended from time to time and other relevant provisions of the Act, on an accrual basis.
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and financial liabilities
(including derivative instruments) that are measured at fair value (refer accounting policy on financial instruments for details).
The financial statements are presented in INR, which is also the Company s functional currency, and all values are rounded to the
nearest crore (INR 0,000,000), except when otherwise indicated.
All assets and liabilities, other than deferred tax assets and liabilities, have been classified as current or non-current as per the
Company s normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III (Division II) to the Act. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities. Based on the nature of business and the time between the acquisition
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash and cash equivalents, the Company has ascertained its operating cycle as 12
months for current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
Material accounting policies
This note provides a list of the material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements. These policies
have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
Use of estimates, judgments and assumptions

The preparation of the Company s financial statements requires the management to make judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures,
and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which
the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. In particular, information about significant areas of estimation
uncertainty and critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts
recognised in the financial statements is included in the following notes and in the relevant notes together with information
about basis of calculation for each affected line item in the financial statements:

Valuation of investments [Refer note 1.6 and note 32]

Derivative instruments [Refer note 1.7 and note 7]

Revenue and trade receivables [Refer note 1.2, note 10 and note 23]

d)
Provisions and Contingent liabilities [Refer note 1.13, note 16 and note 35]

e)
Residual value and useful life of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and Investment Property [Refer note 1.3]

f)
Share based payments (Employee stock option plan) [Refer note 43]

Revenue is recognised when control of goods (vehicles or parts) or services have been transferred to the customer; at an
amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of goods and service tax (GST).

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

Sale of Goods (vehicles or parts)

The Company has determined that our customers for the sale of goods are generally dealers and distributors. Transfer of
control, and therefore revenue recognition, generally corresponds to the date when the goods are released to the carrier
responsible for transporting them to the customer in the following manner:
Domestic sales are recognised at the time of dispatch from the point of sale and payment is due at the point of sale;
Export sales are recognised on the date when shipped on board as per terms of sale and are initially recorded at the
relevant exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Payment terms with customers vary depending upon
the contractual terms of each contract.

Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable
consideration and consideration payable to customers) allocated to that performance obligation. In determining the transaction
price for the sale of goods, the Company considers the effects of variable consideration, consideration payable to the customer
and the existence of significant financing components (if any).

Variable consideration

If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount (like volume rebates/incentives, cash discounts, subventions
etc.), the Company estimates the amount of consideration to which IT will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to
the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until IT is highly probable that a
significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty
with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The estimate of variable consideration for expected future volume
rebates/incentives, cash discounts, subventions etc. are made on the most likely amount method.

Consideration payable to the customer

Consideration payable to a customer includes cash amounts that the Company pays, or expects to pay, to the customer.

Financing component

Generally, the Company receives short term advances from its customers. The Company applies the practical expedient for
short-term advances received from customers. That is, the promised amount of consideration is not adjusted for the effects of a
significant financing component if the period between the transfer of the promised good or service and the payment is one year or
less. In cases where the Company does not receive short term advances from its customers, the terms of contract with customers
do not contain any express or implied payment terms which would indicate the existence of a significant financing component.

Principal versus agent consideration in respect of freight

The Company, on behalf of its customers, dispatches goods to agreed locations for an agreed fee. The Company has determined
that the performance obligation of the Company is to arrange for those goods and services (Company is an agent) to the customers
and hence the amount charged to the customer offset by freight charges paid to the freight service providers is shown as revenue
and disclosed as other operating income or other operating expenses, depending upon the results of the offsetting.

Contract balances

Trade receivables

A receivable represents the Company s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is
required before payment of the consideration is due).

Contract liabilities

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company has received consideration (or an
amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Company transfers goods or
services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is received, or the payment is due (whichever is
earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Company performs under the contract.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

Interest charged to dealers for payment beyond due date and Royalty income is recognised on accrual basis in accordance with
the substance of their relevant agreements. In respect of Government Grants recognised as Other operating revenue, refer to
accounting policy no. 1.15 Government Grants
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation/amortisation

Capital work in progress is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any. Property, plant and equipment
except land are carried at historical cost of acquisition, construction or manufacturing, as the case may be, less
accumulated depreciation and amortisation. Freehold land is carried at cost of acquisition.

Cost represents all expenses directly attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition capable of operating
in the manner intended. Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the plant and equipment, if the recognition
criteria are met. When significant parts of plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Company
depreciates them separately based on their specific useful lives. Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its
cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are
satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred.

Costs incurred to manufacture/construct property, plant and equipment are reduced from the total expense under
the head Expenses, included in above items, capitalised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Land and buildings acquired/constructed, not intended to be used in the operations of the Company and held for
earning long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied by the Company, are
categorised as investment property.

An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal
or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is
included in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognised.

The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each
financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
Depreciation and amortisation methods, estimated useful lives and residual value
Leasehold land

Premium on leasehold land is amortised over the period of lease.

Other tangible assets

Depreciation is provided on a pro rata basis on straight line method to allocate the cost, net of residual
value over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

The estimated useful lives are as follows:
Asset class
Useful life
Buildings
03-60 years
Water pumps, reservoirs and mains
05-15 years
10-15 years
Computers and IT Equipment
03-06 years
Dies and Moulds
03-08 years
Electric installations

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Asset class
Useful life
Factory equipment s
08-15 years
Furniture
Office equipment
05-13 years
Electric fittings
10. Years
Vehicles (including prototype)
1.5-10 Years

Where a significant component (in terms of cost) of an asset has an estimated economic useful life
shorter than that of its corresponding asset, the component is depreciated over its shorter life.

The Company, based on technical assessment made by technical expert and management estimate,
depreciates certain items of property, plant and equipment over estimated useful lives which are different
from the useful life prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The management believes that
these estimated useful lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets
are likely to be used.

Assets which are depreciated over useful life/residual value different than those indicated by Schedule II are
as under:

Asset class
As per Schedule II
Useful life
Aircraft
20 years
PDC Dies
8 years
Factory equipment
15 years

Depreciation on additions is being provided on pro rata basis from the first date of such month of such additions.

Depreciation on assets sold, discarded or demolished during the year is being provided up to the month in
which such assets are sold, discarded or demolished.
Intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is
an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible
asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or the
expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify the amortisation
period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible
assets with finite lives is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of
another asset.

Technical know-how

Technical know-how acquired

Technical know-how acquired is stated at acquisition cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses, if any.
Acquired technical know-how is amortised equally over a period of estimated useful life.
Technical know-how developed by the Company

Expenditure on research and development activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which IT is incurred
unless the recognition criteria are met. Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure on an
individual project are recognised as an intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate:

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that the asset will be available for use or sale

Its intention to complete and its ability and intention to use or sell the asset

How the asset will generate future economic benefits

The availability of resources to complete the asset

The ability to measure reliably the expenditure during development

Costs incurred to develop an intangible asset are reduced from total expenses and disclosed under the head
Expenses, included in above items, capitalised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Amortisation of technical know-how

Following initial recognition of the development expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost less any accumulated
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation of the asset begins when development is complete,
and the asset is available for use. IT is amortised over the period of expected future benefit. Amortisation expense is
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.

During the period of development, the asset is tested for impairment annually.

An intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset
(calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the
Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognised.

Expenditure incurred by the Company on development of know-how researched, is recognised as an intangible asset, if
and only if the future economic benefits attributable to the use of such know- how are probable to flow to the Company
and the costs/expenditure can be measured reliably.

The cost of technical know-how developed is amortised equally over its estimated useful life i.e. generally three years
from the date of commencement of commercial production.
Investment property

Property which is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied by the Company,
is classified as investment property. Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.
Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset s carrying amount only when IT is probable that future economic benefits
associated with the expenditure will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Repairs and
maintenance costs are expensed when incurred.

Depreciation on investment property is provided on a pro rata basis on straight line method over the estimated useful
lives. Useful life of assets, as assessed by the Management, corresponds to those prescribed by Schedule II- Part C of the
Companies Act,2013.

Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from
use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss in the period of derecognition.
Investments, financial assets and financial liabilities
Investment in subsidiaries and associate

Interest in subsidiaries and associate are recognised at cost less impairment (if any). Cost represents amount paid for
acquisition of the said investments.

The Company assesses at the end of each reporting period, if there are any indications that the said investments may be
impaired. If so, the Company estimates the recoverable value/amount of the investment and provides for impairment, if
any i.e. the deficit in the recoverable value over cost.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Other investments and financial assets
Classification

The company classifies its financial assets at initial recognition in the following measurement categories:

those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit
or loss), and

those to be measured at amortised cost.

The classification is done depending upon the Company s business model for managing the financial assets and the
contractual terms of the cash flows.

For assets classified as measured at fair value , gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
comprehensive income, as elected. For assets classified as measured at amortised cost , this will depend on the
business model and contractual terms of the cash flows.
Measurement

Initial Measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), or fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). The classification of financial
assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Company s
business model for managing them.

At initial recognition, the Company measures a financial asset at its fair value including, in the case of a financial
asset not at FVTPL , transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset.
Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the Statement of Profit and Loss,
when incurred.

Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Company has applied the
practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer accounting policy no.2
Revenue from contracts with customers .

For a financial asset to be classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI (excluding equity
instruments which are measured at FVTOCI), IT needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is
performed at an instrument level. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at
FVTPL, irrespective of the business model.

The Company s business model for managing financial assets refers to how IT manages its financial assets to
generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

Subsequent Measurement

Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the Company s business model for managing the financial
asset and the cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. There are three measurement categories into which
the Company classifies its financial instruments:

Subsequently measured at amortised cost:

A debt instrument is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met:

The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash
flows, and

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent SPPI are
measured at amortised cost e.g. debentures, bonds, fixed maturity plans, trade receivables etc.

This category is the most relevant to the Company. After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking
into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. Interest
income from trade receivables is included in Other operating income in the Statement of Profit and Loss; whilst
interest income from the remaining financial assets is included in Other income in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
The losses arising from impairment are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. A gain or loss on a financial
asset that is subsequently measured at amortised cost is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the
asset is derecognised or impaired.

In case of fixed maturity plans (FMP), they are measured at amortised cost, if the Company intends to hold the FMPs
to maturity. Further, the Company applies amortised cost for those FMPs where the Company is able to demonstrate
that the underlying instruments in the portfolio would fulfill the SPPI test and the churn in the underlying portfolio is
negligible. These conditions are assessed at each Balance Sheet date. If these conditions are not fulfilled, then FMPs
are valued at FVTPL.

The Company intends to hold its investment in open ended target maturity funds (i.e. exchange traded funds/ETF)
till maturity. IT may be noted that these funds have a pre-determined maturity date. These funds follow a passive
buy and hold strategy; in which the existing underlying investment bonds are expected to be held till maturity unless
sold for meeting redemptions or rebalancing requirements as stated in the scheme document. In our view, such
strategy mitigates intermittent price volatility in open ended target maturity funds underlying investments; and
investors who remain invested until maturity are expected to mitigate the market/volatility risk to a large extent.
These funds can invest only in plain vanilla INR bonds with fixed coupon and maturity; and cannot invest in floating
rate bonds. Based on this, the Company believes that the investments in open ended target maturity funds meet the
requirements of SPPI test as per the requirements of Ind AS 109.

Subsequently measured at FVTOCI

All equity investments in scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for
trading, if any, are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Company may make an irrevocable
election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company makes such
election on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.

Equity instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at
fair value. Fair value movements are recognised in the other comprehensive income (OCI). If the Company decides
to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends,
are recognised in OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to Statement of profit and loss, even on sale of
investment. However, the Company may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.

Subsequently measured at FVTPL: Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost and FVTOCI are
measured at fair value through profit or loss e.g. investments in mutual funds. A gain or loss on a financial asset that
is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss and presented net in the
Statement of Profit and Loss within other gains/(losses) in the period in which IT arises.

Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss.
Impairment of financial assets

The Company assesses on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with its financial assets
carried at amortised cost for e.g., debt securities, deposits, trade receivables and bank balances. The impairment
methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and if so, assess the
need to provide for the same in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

The Company follows simplified approach for recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade receivables. The
application of simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, IT recognises
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) at each reporting date, right from its
initial recognition.

In respect of other financial assets (e.: debt securities, deposits, bank balances etc), the Company generally invests in
instruments with high credit rating and consequently low credit risk. In the unlikely event that the credit risk increases
significantly from inception of investment, lifetime ECL is used for recognising impairment loss on such assets.

Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument.

ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Company in accordance with the
contract and all the cash flows that the entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash shortfalls), discounted at the original
EIR. When estimating the cash flows, an entity is required to consider all contractual terms of the financial
instrument over the expected life of the financial instrument.

ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised during the period is recognised as income/expense in the
Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head other expenses in the Statement of Profit and
Loss. The Balance Sheet presentation for various financial instruments is described below:

Financial assets measured at amortised cost and trade receivables: ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e.,
as an integral part of the measurement of those assets in the Balance Sheet. The allowance reduces the net
carrying amount. Until the asset meets write-off criteria, the Company does not reduce impairment allowance
from the gross carrying amount.

For assessing increase in credit risk and impairment loss, the Company combines financial instruments based on
shared credit risk characteristics with the objective of facilitating an analysis that is designed to enable significant
increases in credit risk to be identified on a timely basis.

For debt instruments at fair value through OCI, the Company applies the low credit risk simplification. At every
reporting date, the Company evaluates whether the debt instrument is considered to have low credit risk using all
reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the
Company reassesses the internal credit rating of the debt instrument.

However, in certain cases, the Company may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
external information indicates that the Company is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full
before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Company. A financial asset is written off when there
is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset is derecognised only when Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the
financial asset or the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset have expired. Where the entity has
transferred an asset, the Company evaluates whether IT has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of
ownership of the financial asset. In such cases, the financial asset is derecognised.
Reclassification of financial assets

The Company determines classification of financial assets and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial
recognition, no reclassification is made for financial assets which are equity instruments and financial liabilities.
For financial assets which are debt instruments, a reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business
model for managing those assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Company s
senior management determines change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which
are significant to the Company s operations. Such changes are evident to external parties. A change in the business
model occurs when the Company either begins or ceases to perform an activity that is significant to its operations. If
the Company reclassifies financial assets, IT applies the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date
which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period following the change in business model. The Company
does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

The Company applies amortised cost, where IT has ability to demonstrate that the underlying instruments in the
portfolio fulfill the solely payments of principal and interest ( SPPI ) test and the churn in the portfolio is negligible.
Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans
and borrowings, payables, as appropriate. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of
borrowings in nature of bank overdrafts/credit facilities and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Company s financial liabilities includes trade and other payables, borrowings in nature of bank overdrafts/credit
facilities. For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost.
Derivative and hedging activities

The Company uses derivative financial instruments such as range forward and par forward currency contracts to hedge its
foreign currency risks. Such derivative instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date at which the derivative
contract is entered and are subsequently re-measured at fair value as at the end of each reporting period. The accounting
for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the
nature of the item being hedged, and the type of hedge relationship designated. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when
the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. Fair value remeasurements are recognised in
the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which fair value changes. Any profit or loss arising on cancellation or renewal
of forward exchange contract is recognised as income or as expense for the period.

The company documents its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. In terms
thereof, the Company designates their derivatives as hedges of foreign exchange risks associated with the cash flow of highly
probable forecast transactions (viz. export sales).

The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the
hedged item is more than 12 months; IT is classified as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged
item is less than or equal to 12 months.

Cash flow hedges that qualify for hedge accounting -

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is
recognised in the other comprehensive income in cash flow hedging reserve within equity, limited to the cumulative change in
fair value of the hedged item on a present value basis from the inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective
portion is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss, within other gains/(losses).

For hedge accounting, hedges are classified as Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that
is either attributable to a risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the
foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.

When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company designates them in entirety as the hedging
instrument. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value for the effective portion of cash flow hedges is recognised
in OCI and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedge item affects profit or loss.

Where option contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company designates intrinsic value of the option contract
as hedging instrument.

Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in intrinsic value of the option contract are recognised in the
cash flow hedging reserve within equity. The changes in time value of the option contracts that relate to the hedged items are
recognised through other comprehensive income in Costs of hedging reserve within equity.

When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. When a forecast
transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately transferred
to the Statement of Profit and Loss. When a hedging instrument is unexercised and expires, the cumulative gain or loss is
reversed within equity with the corresponding effect to the hedge receivable/payable.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

If the hedge ratio for risk management is no longer optimal, but risk management objectives remain unchanged and hedge
continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationships are re-balanced so that the hedge ratio aligns. Consequently,
hedge ineffectiveness is computed and accounted for in the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately.
8.
Impairment of non-financial assets

Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset s fair value less cost of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment,
assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent
of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets (cash-generating units). Impairment loss of non-financial assets, if any
are recognised in the Statement of profit and loss.
Foreign currency transactions
Items included in the financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in
which the Company operates ( the functional currency ).
On initial recognition, all foreign currency transactions are recorded at the foreign exchange rate on the date of
the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency outstanding at the close of the financial year are revalorised at the
appropriate exchange rates prevailing at the close of the year.
The gain or loss on decrease/increase in reporting currency due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, in case of
monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency, are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Property, Plant & Equipment purchased at liaison offices in foreign exchange are recorded at their historical cost
computed with reference to the average rate of foreign exchange remitted to the liaison office.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
rates at the dates of the initial transactions.
Inventories

Cost of inventories have been computed to include all costs of purchases (including materials), cost of conversion and other
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Finished stocks of vehicles and auto spare parts and stocks of work-in-progress are valued at cost of manufacturing or
net realisable value whichever is lower. Cost is calculated on a weighted average basis.
Stores, packing materials and tools which does not meet the recognition criteria of property, plant and equipment are
valued at cost arrived at on a weighted average basis or net realisable value, whichever is lower.
Raw materials and components are valued at cost arrived at on a weighted average basis or net realisable value,
Inventory of machinery spares and maintenance materials not being material are expensed in the year of purchase.
Goods in transit are stated at actual cost incurred up to the date of Balance Sheet.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Employee benefits
Privilege leave entitlements

Privilege leave entitlements are recognised as a liability, in the calendar year of rendering of service, as per the rules of
the Company. As accumulated leave can be availed and/or encashed at any time during the tenure of employment, subject
to terms and conditions of the scheme, the accumulated leave, which is expected to be utilised within the next 12 months,
is treated as short-term employee benefit. The Company measures the expected cost of such absences as the additional
amount that IT expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the reporting date.

They are therefore measured at the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided
by employees up to the end of the reporting period using the projected unit credit method. The benefits are discounted
using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to the terms of the related
obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised
in Statement of Profit and Loss.
Gratuity

Payment for present liability of future payment of gratuity is being made to approved gratuity fund, which fully covers
the same under Cash Accumulation Policy and Debt fund of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and Bajaj Allianz
Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC). However, any deficit in plan assets managed by LIC and BALIC as compared to the
liability based on an independent actuarial valuation is recognised as a liability.

The liability or asset recognised in the Balance Sheet in respect of defined benefit gratuity plans is the present value
of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit
obligation is calculated annually by actuaries using the projected unit credit method in conformity with the principles and
manner of computation specified in Ind AS 19.

Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in
net interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on
the net defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in the Balance Sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to
retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent periods.

Past service cost arising on account of amendments to defined benefit plans, including those pursuant to implementation
of the new wage code, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period of such amendment. The same
represents the change in the defined benefit obligation on account of the plan amendment.

The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the
fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Provident fund contributions are made to Company s Provident Fund Trust. The contributions are accounted for as
defined benefit plans and the contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when an employee renders the
related service. Deficits, if any, of the fund as compared to liability based on an independent actuarial valuation is to be
additionally contributed by the Company and hence recognised as a liability.
Taxation
Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
taxation authorities, in accordance with the Income Tax Act,2025; and the Income Computation and Disclosure Standards
prescribed therein. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively
enacted, at the reporting date.
Current income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other
comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in
OCI or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in
which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax base of assets and liabilities and their
carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates that have been enacted or
substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is
realised or the deferred tax liability is settled.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if IT is probable
that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences.

The Company offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if and only if IT has a legally enforceable right to set
off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income
taxes levied by the same taxation authority which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis,
or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of
deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

Goods and Services Tax (GST)/value added taxes paid on acquisition of assets or on incurring expenses

Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST paid, except:

When the tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority,
in which case, the tax paid is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense
item, as applicable

When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of tax included

The net amount of tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of other current/
non-current assets/liabilities in the Balance Sheet.
Provisions and contingent liabilities

The Company creates a provision when there is present obligation as a result of past events and IT is probable that an outflow
of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of
the amount of the obligation. A disclosure for a contingent liability is made when there is a possible obligation or a present
obligation that may, but probably will not, require an outflow of resources.
Leases including investment properties

The Company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
As a lessee
Short term leases and leases of low value assets

The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office spaces and certain
equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
a purchase option). IT also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that
are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

As a lessor

Leases in which the Company does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.
Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income
Government grant and Incentives

Grants from the Government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
received, and the Company will comply with all attached conditions.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period necessary to match
them with the costs that they are intended to compensate and presented within other operating revenue.

Government grants in the nature of export incentives are accounted for in the period of export of goods if the entitlements can
be estimated with reasonable accuracy and conditions precedent to claim are reasonably expected to be fulfilled.

When loans or similar assistance are provided by Governments or related institutions, with an interest rate below the current
applicable market rate, the effect of this favorable interest is regarded as a Government grant. The loan or assistance is initially
recognised and measured at fair value and the Government grant is measured as the difference between the initial carrying
value of the loan and the proceeds received. The loan is subsequently measured as per the accounting policy applicable to
financial liabilities.
Dividends

Provision is made for any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the entity, on or
before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.

For presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, other short-term, highly
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders by the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Earnings considered in ascertaining the Company s
earnings per share is the net profit for the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period
and all periods presented is adjusted for events, such as bonus shares, other than the conversion of potential equity shares that
have changed the number of equity shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources.

For calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Core Management Committee
which includes the Managing Director who is the Chief Operating Decision Maker. The Core Management Committee examines
performance both from a product as well as from a geographical perspective and has identified three operative reportable
segments from which significant risks and rewards are derived viz. Automotive business and Investments and Others.
Borrowing cost

Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. There are no general and specific borrowing costs
incurred by the Company that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset during
the year.
Fair value measurement

The Company measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each Balance Sheet date. Fair value is the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date.

The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes
place either:

In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their best economic interest.

benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling IT to another market participant that would use the asset in

The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair
value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly
or indirectly observable
Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
is unobservable.

The Company has set policies and procedures for both recurring and non-recurring fair value measurement of financial assets,
which includes valuation techniques and inputs to use for each case.

For fair value disclosures, the Company has determined classes of assets and liabilities based on the nature, characteristics
and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.

This note summarises accounting policy for fair value. Other fair value related disclosures are given in the relevant notes.

Disclosures for valuation methods, significant estimates and assumptions (note 1.1)

Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy (note 32)

Investment properties (note 3)

Financial instruments (including those carried at amortised cost) (note 32)
Other Income

Dividends

Dividends are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss only when the right to receive payment is established, and IT
is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Company and that the amount of the
dividend can be measured reliably.

Other income

The Company recognises other income on accrual basis. However, where the ultimate collection of the same
lacks reasonable certainty, revenue recognition is postponed to the extent revenue is reasonably certain and can be
reliably measured.
Share based payment arrangements

Certain employees (including senior executives) of the Company receive part of their remuneration in the form of employee
stock options (ESOP).

The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate
valuation model. Further details are given in note 43.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

That cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in share-based payment reserve in equity, over the period
in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits expense. The cumulative expense
recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting
period has expired and the Company s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The expense
or credit in the Statement of Profit and Loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the
beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee benefits expense.

Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of
ESOPs, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Company s best estimate of the number of
equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value.
Any other conditions attached to an ESOP, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting
conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an ESOP and lead to an immediate expensing of an ESOP
unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.

No expense is recognised for ESOPs that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions
have not been met. Where ESOPs include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vested irrespective
of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions
are satisfied.

The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.
Treasury shares

The Company has created an ESOP Trust (the Trust ) for providing share-based payment to its employees. The Company uses
the Trust as a vehicle for distributing shares to employees under the Employee Stock Option Scheme. The Trust purchases
shares of the Company from the market or is issued shares by the Company, for giving shares to employees. The Company
treats Trust as its extension and shares held by the Trust are treated as treasury shares.

Own equity instruments that are re-acquired (treasury shares) are recognised at cost and deducted from other equity. No gain
or loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company s own
equity instruments. Share options exercised during the reporting period are settled with treasury shares.
Events after the reporting period

If the Company receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of approved for issue, about conditions that
existed at the end of the reporting period, IT will assess whether the information affects the amounts that IT recognises in its
financial statements. The Company will adjust the amounts recognised in its financial statements to reflect any adjusting events
after the reporting period and update the disclosures that relate to those conditions in light of the new information. For non-
adjusting events after the reporting period, the Company will not change the amounts recognised in its financial statements, but
will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting event and an estimate of its financial effect, or a statement that such an estimate
cannot be made, if applicable.
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

New and amended standards

Several amendments and interpretations apply for the first time annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2025, but do not
have an impact on the financial statements of the Company. The Company has not early adopted any standards or amendments
that have been issued but are not yet effective.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
2 Property, plant and equipment

Current year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block (a)
Depreciation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Deductions/
As at
31. March
As at
1. April
Deductions
For the
year (b)
As at
31. March
As at
31. March

Land freehold
19.97
-
19.97
-
19.97
146.47
-
1.98
144.49
-
144.49
Buildings
1,480.54
22.74
-
1,503.28
480.64
-
40.09
520.73
982.55
23.26
0.12
-
23.38
16.06
-
0.55
16.61
6.77
1,851.14
99.24
51.79
1,898.59
1,121.85
46.12
87.02
1,162.75
735.84
Computers and IT Equipment
113.78
31.77
11.30
134.25
84.88
11.29
17.02
90.61
43.64
Dies and jigs
1,404.00
187.20
11.59
1,579.61
742.30
10.54
154.06
885.82
693.79
Electric installations
107.67
7.16
0.26
114.57
78.37
0.26
3.51
81.62
32.95
Factory equipment
622.27
33.63
3.57
652.33
352.98
2.61
33.71
384.08
268.25
Furniture
57.21
10.40
0.45
67.16
43.65
0.48
3.79
46.96
20.20
Office equipment
70.39
1.83
0.36
71.86
55.09
0.36
5.70
60.43
11.43
Electric fittings
60.52
0.81
0.24
61.09
35.81
0.24
3.55
39.12
21.97
789.80
25.35
32.58
782.57
235.22
30.83
93.48
297.87
484.70
Total
6,747.02
420.25
114.12
7,053.15
3,246.85
102.73
442.48
3,586.60
3,466.55
26.02
36.62
19.56
43.08
-
43.08

(a) At cost, except leasehold land which is at cost, less amounts written off.
(b) Refer note 1 clause 3 of summary of material accounting policies.
(c) No revaluation has been done during the year with respect to property, plant and equipment.
(d) No assets acquired or transferred as part of business combination.

Ageing Schedule for Capital work-in-progress
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total
Projects in Progress
36.62
6.45
0.01
-
43.08
-
Total
36.62
6.45
0.01
-
43.08

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Property, plant and equipment (Contd.)

Previous year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block (a)
Depreciation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Deductions/
As at
31. March
As at
1. April
Deductions
For the
year (b)
As at
31. March
As at
31. March

Land freehold
19.97
-
19.97
-
19.97
148.45
-
1.98
146.47
-
146.47
Buildings
1,401.42
79.18
0.06
1,480.54
442.15
0.03
38.52
480.64
999.90
20.06
3.20
-
23.26
15.65
-
0.41
16.06
7.20
1,688.43
182.18
19.47
1,851.14
1,062.28
16.11
75.68
1,121.85
729.29
Computers and IT Equipment
89.92
23.90
0.04
113.78
75.82
0.04
9.10
84.88
28.90
Dies and jigs
1,040.43
364.48
0.91
1,404.00
628.26
0.88
114.92
742.30
661.70
Electric installations
97.60
10.07
-
107.67
75.56
-
2.81
78.37
29.30
Factory equipment
589.87
33.66
1.26
622.27
321.09
1.17
33.06
352.98
269.29
Furniture
54.02
3.38
0.19
57.21
38.34
0.15
5.46
43.65
13.56
Office equipment
66.76
4.40
0.77
70.39
50.36
0.76
5.49
55.09
15.30
Electric fittings
58.00
2.71
0.19
60.52
32.23
0.19
3.77
35.81
24.71
756.66
46.70
13.56
789.80
152.00
11.69
94.91
235.22
554.58
Total
6,031.59
753.86
38.43
6,747.02
2,893.74
31.02
384.13
3,246.85
3,500.17
24.29
24.23
22.50
26.02
-
26.02

(a) At cost, except leasehold land which is at cost, less amounts written off.
(b) Refer note 1 clause 3 of summary of material accounting policies.
(c) No revaluation has been done during the year with respect to property, plant and equipment.
(d) No assets acquired or transferred as part of business combination.

Ageing Schedule for Capital work-in-progress
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total

Projects in progress
24.39
1.63
-
26.02
-
Total
24.39
1.63
-
26.02

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
3. Investment property
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Opening balance
69.67
Additions
1.66
-
Closing balance
71.33
69.67
Accumulated depreciation
Opening balance
21.89
20.77
Depreciation charge
1.13
1.12
Closing balance
23.02
21.89
48.31
47.78

Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss for investment properties
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Rental income
21.18
19.70
Direct operating expenses from property that generated rental income
(0.05)
(0.36)
Direct operating expenses from property that did not generate rental income
-
Profit from investment properties before depreciation
21.13
19.34
Depreciation
(1.13)
(1.12)
Profit from investment property
20.00
18.22

Contractual obligations

The Company has no restrictions on the realisability of its investment property. There are no contractual obligations to
purchase, construct or develop investment property as at the year end.

Leasing arrangements

Investment property is leased out to various tenants under operating leases. Disclosure on future rent receivable is included
in Note 40.

Fair value
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Investment property
238.78
234.09

Estimation of fair value
The best evidence of fair value is current prices in an active market for similar properties. Since investment properties leased out
by the Company are cancellable and non-cancellable leases, the market rate for sale/purchase of such premises are representative
of fair values. Company s investment properties are at a location where active market is available for similar kind of properties.
Hence, fair value is ascertained on the basis of market rates prevailing for similar properties in those locations determined by
an independent registered valuer, as defined under rule 2 of Companies (Registered Valuers and Valuation) Rules 2017, and
consequently classified as a level 2 valuation.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Intangible assets

Current year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block
Amortisation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Deductions/
As at
31. March
As at
1. April
Deductions
For
As at
31. March
As at
31. March

Intangible assets
Technical know-how developed
131.29
12.35
-
143.64
131.29
-
0.92
132.21
11.43
Software
3.76
5.19
-
8.95
0.95
-
1.68
2.63
6.32
Brands and Trademarks
-
0.16
-
0.16
-
0.02
0.14
Total Intangible assets
135.05
17.70
-
152.75
132.24
-
2.62
134.86
17.89
2.24
53.01
-
55.25
-
55.25

Amount in Intangible assets under
development for a period of
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total

Projects in Progress
53.01
1.79
0.45
-
55.25
-
Total
53.01
1.79
0.45
-
55.25
4. Intangible assets
Previous year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block
Amortisation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Deductions/
As at
31. March
As at
1. April
Deductions
For
As at
31. March
As at
31. March

Intangible assets
Technical know-how developed
131.29
-
131.29
119.38
-
11.91
131.29
-
Software
-
3.76
-
3.76
-
0.95
2.81
Total Intangible assets
131.29
3.76
-
135.05
119.38
-
12.86
132.24
2.81
3.20
1.79
2.75
2.24
-
2.24

Amount in Intangible assets under
development for a period of
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total

Projects in Progress
2.24
-
2.24
-
Total
2.24
-
2.24

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(A) Investment in subsidiaries
Investment carried at cost
In subsidiaries
Unquoted
3,230,000 (1,980,000) Equity Shares of Euro 100 each in
Bajaj Auto International Holding B V Amsterdam,
Netherlands
2,420.66
1,218.72
-
449,997 (449,997) Equity Shares of 100 Thai Baht each in
Bajaj Auto (Thailand) Ltd
10.54
-
411,875 (411,875) Equity Shares of US $ 3 each
in P T. Bajaj Auto Indonesia
6.17
-
Less: Provision for diminution in the value of
investment
(2.17)
-
Net value of investment in P T. Bajaj Auto
Indonesia after provision for diminution
4.00
-
470,000,000 (470,000,000) Equity Shares of H 10 each in Bajaj
Auto Technology Ltd. (earlier known as Chetak
Technology Ltd.)
470.00
-
57,500,000 (57,500,000) Equity Shares of Reais 1 each in
Bajaj do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda
93.52
-
2700,000,000 (2400,000,000) Equity Shares of H 10 each in Bajaj
Auto Credit Ltd. (earlier known as Bajaj Auto
Consumer Finance Ltd.)
2,700.00
2,400.00
-
6,000 (6,000) Equity Shares of 100 Euro each in Bajaj
Auto Spain S.L.U.
5.16
5.17
-
Total (A)
5,703.88
4,201.95
-
(B) Other Investments
Investment carried at Fair Value through OCI
In Equities

Quoted
3,500,000 (3,500,000) Equity Shares of H 10 each in Bajaj
Holdings & Investments Ltd.
3,061.10
4,365.57
-

Unquoted
23,924 (23,924) Compulsorily Convertible Preference
Shares of H 100 each in Yulu Bikes Private Ltd.
98.20
261.08
-
100 (100) Equity Shares of H 1 each in Yulu Bikes
Private Ltd.
0.10
-
In Alternative Investment Fund

Unquoted
60 (-) Units of LUMIS LABS Fund - CARET CL A2
2.98
-
Fair Value
3,162.38
4,626.75
-
Carried over
3,162.38
4,626.75
-
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Investment carried at amortised cost
In Subordinated Debentures

Unquoted
20,000 (-) 8% Bajaj Auto Credit Ltd. of H 100,000 each
200.00
-
30,000 (-) 8% Bajaj Auto Credit Ltd. of H 100,000 each
300.00
-
Amortised Cost
500.00
-
In Bonds

Quoted
58,000 (-) 7.77% Power Finance Corporation of
H 100,000 each
-
581.89
-
30,000 (-) 7.55% Power Finance Corporation of
H 100,000 each
-
300.74
-
950 (-) 7.13% Power Finance Corporation of
H 1,000,000 each
-
94.95
-
46,000 (-) 7.22% National Housing Bank of H 100,000 each
-
460.01
-
35,500 (-) 7.40% National Housing Bank of H 100,000 each
-
355.23
-
44,000 (-) 7.64% Rural Electrification Corporation of
H 100,000 each
-
440.09
-
42,000 (-) 7.56% Rural Electrification Corporation of
H 100,000 each
-
419.78
-
1,200 (-) 7.84% HDB Financial Services of
H 1,000,000 each
-
119.95
-
500 (500) 8.18% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H 1,000,000 each
51.81
52.40
-
1,750 (1,750) 8.24% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H 1,000,000 each
182.53
184.76
-
4,550 (4,550) 7.43% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H 1,000,000 each
468.75
471.85
-
700 (700) 7.10% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H 1,000,000 each
71.69
72.08
-
600 (600) 6.87% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H 1,000,000 each
60.67
60.82
-
2,800 (2,800) 6.39% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H 1,000,000 each
278.37
278.10
-
750 (750) 6.42% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H1,000,000 each
74.13
73.95
-
250 (250) 6.44% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H1,000,000 each
24.75
24.70
-
1,900 (1,900) 6.49% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H1,000,000 each
189.90
189.83
-
250 (250) 6.85% National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development of H1,000,000 each
25.12
25.14
-
Amortised Cost
1,427.72
1,433.63
2,772.64
-
Brought over
3,162.38
4,626.75
-
Carried over
5,090.10
6,060.38
2,772.64
-
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Brought over
5,090.10
6,060.38
2,772.64
-
In Government securities

Quoted
- (10,000,000) 6.49% Gujarat State Development
Loan 2029 of H 100 each
-
100.22
-
- (5,000,000) 6.57% Gujarat State Development
Loan 2031 of H 100 each
-
50.10
-
- (10,000,000) 6.53% Karnataka State Development
Loan 2030 of H 100 each
-
100.26
-
- (4,150,000) 6.54% Karnataka State Development
Loan 2030 of H100 each
-
41.53
-
- (7,500,000) 6.96% Karnataka State Development
Loan 2031 of H 100 each
-
75.44
-
Amortised Cost
-
367.55
-
In Commercial Paper

Unquoted
6,000 (-) Commercial Paper of H 500,000 each of HDB
Financial Services - 07.07.2026
-
294.10
-
Amortised Cost
-
294.10
-
In Fixed Deposits

Unquoted
- 8.18% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
250.00
- 8.00% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
30.00
- 6.70% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
400.00
-
- 6.70% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
200.00
-
- 6.65% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
145.00
-
Amortised Cost
-
745.00
280.00
In Fixed maturity plans

Unquoted
44,000,000 (44,000,000) Units of Aditya Birla Sun Life Fixed
Term Plan - Series - TQ (1879 Days) - Direct
Growth
56.05
52.78
-
48,000,000 (-) Units of Bandhan Fixed Term Plan Series 179
- Direct Growth
82.48
-
50,000,000 (50,000,000) Units of HDFC Fixed Maturity
Plan- Series 46 (1861 Days) - Direct Growth
63.37
59.78
-
63,000,000 (-) Units of ICICI Prudential Fixed Maturity Plan
- Series 85 10 Years Plan I - Direct Growth
107.75
-
Carried over
309.65
112.56
-
Carried over
5,090.10
6,427.93
3,811.74
280.00
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
74,996,250 (74,996,250) Units of Kotak Fixed Maturity Plan
- Series 292 - Direct Growth
-
92.55
98.05
-
44,997,750 (44,997,750) Units of Nippon India Fixed Horizon
Fund XLIII -Series 1 - Direct Growth
-
55.29
58.52
-
29,998,500 (29,998,500) Units of Nippon India Fixed Horizon
Fund XLIII -Series 5 - Direct Growth
38.65
36.32
-
74,996,250 (74,996,250) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 49 (1823 Days) - Direct Growth
-
92.25
97.70
-
60,000,000 (60,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 51 (1846 Days) - Direct Growth
-
73.02
77.18
-
25,000,000 (25,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 52 (1848 Days) - Direct Growth
-
30.27
31.96
-
60,000,000 (60,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 53 (1839 Days) - Direct Growth
-
72.59
76.73
-
7,500,000 (7,500,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 54 (1842 Days) - Direct Growth
-
9.11
9.65
-
50,000,000 (50,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 55 (1849 Days) - Direct Growth
-
60.41
63.92
-
52,500,000 (52,500,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 57 (1835 Days) - Direct Growth
-
63.24
66.91
-
50,000,000 (50,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 58 (1842 Days) - Direct Growth
-
60.72
64.47
-
40,000,000 (40,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan -
Series 60 (1878 Days) - Direct Growth
50.77
47.92
-
65,000,000 (65,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan
(FMP) - Series 61 (1927 Days) - Direct Growth
82.74
77.93
-
Amortised Cost
481.81
884.18
645.09
-
In Exchange Traded Funds

Quoted
- (8,724,846) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF April 2025
-
1,117.86
15,940,436 (15,940,436) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF - April 2030
2,506.66
2,349.39
-
3,565,094 (3,565,094) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF - April 2031
502.80
471.18
-
4,282,638 (4,282,638) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF - April 2032
565.88
529.37
-
- (43,000,000) Nippon India ETF Nifty SDL - April 2026
-
552.61
-
Carried over
3,575.34
3,902.55
-
1,117.86
Carried over
5,571.91
7,312.11
4,456.83
280.00
Brought over
5,090.10
6,427.93
3,811.74
280.00

In Fixed maturity plans (Contd.)

Unquoted: (Contd.)
Brought over
309.65
112.56
-
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Carried over
207.52
84.62
-
Carried over
11,222.15
13,834.30
5,175.79
1,397.86
205,847,653 (205,847,653) Nippon India Nifty AAA CPSE Bond
Plus SDL Apr 2027 Maturity 60:40 Index Fund
262.54
245.32
-
48,828,497 (48,828,497) Nippon India Nifty SDL Plus G-Sec
Jun 2028 70:30 Index Fund
61.86
57.63
-
263,770,566 (263,770,566) Aditya Birla Sun Life Nifty SDL Plus
PSU Bond Sep 2026 60:40 Index Fund
-
319.49
338.21
-
166,093,651 (166,093,651) Aditya Birla Sun Life Nifty SDL Apr
2027. Index Fund
213.02
200.71
-
226,004,362 (226,004,362) Aditya Birla Sun Life Crisil IBX SDL
Plus AAA PSU Apr 2027 60:40 Index Fund
288.34
269.87
-
76,795,997 (76,795,997) Aditya Birla Sun Life Crisil IBX GILT
Plus SDL Apr 2028 50:50 Index Fund
98.68
92.04
-
113,891,937 (113,891,937) Kotak Nifty SDL Apr 2027 Top 12
Equal Weight Index Fund
145.80
137.24
-
20,000,000 (20,000,000) Kotak Nifty SDL Apr 2032 Top 12
Equal Weight Index Fund
26.39
24.68
-
48,396,620 (48,396,620) Kotak Nifty SDL Plus AAA PSU Bond
Jul 2028 60:40 Index Fund
61.99
57.72
-
298,359,352 (298,359,352) SBI CPSE Bond Plus SDL Sep 2026
50:50 Index Fund
-
359.35
380.75
-
183,849,514 (183,849,514) Axis Crisil IBX SDL 2027 Debt
Index Fund
234.64
219.69
-
192,038,100 (192,038,100) HSBC Crisil IBX 50:50 Gilt Plus SDL
Apr 2028 Index Fund
246.85
230.18
-
191,980,955 (191,980,955) DSP Nifty SDL Plus G-Sec Jun 2028
30:70 Index Fund
246.92
230.23
-
81,937,188 (81,937,188) ICICI Prudential Nifty SDL Dec 2028
Index Fund
106.15
98.60
-
63,868,446 (63,868,446) ICICI Prudential Nifty SDL Sep 2027
Index Fund
81.72
76.89
-
Amortised Cost
5,650.24
6,522.19
718.96
1,117.86
Investment carried at fair value through profit or loss
In Short Term Funds

Quoted
44,276,723 (-) Units of Axis Income Plus Arbitrage Active FoF
- Direct Plan - Growth
67.54
-
34,631,684 (34,631,684) Units of DSP Banking and PSU Debt
Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
88.36
84.62
-
22,236,948 (-) Units of DSP Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FoF
- Direct Plan - Growth
51.62
-
Brought over
5,571.91
7,312.11
4,456.83
280.00
In Exchange Traded Funds (Contd.)

Quoted: (Contd.)
Brought over
3575.34
3902.55
-
1,117.86
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Carried over
-
500.41
385.70
Carried over
16,924.56
18,784.83
5,175.79
1,397.86
673,225,624 (673,225,624) Units of Bandhan Corporate Bond
Fund - Direct Plan-Growth (erstwhile IDFC
Corporate Bond Fund-Direct Plan-Growth)
1,382.11
1,302.87
-
14,296,498 (14,296,498) Units of Bandhan Bond Fund - Short
Term-Direct Plan-Growth (erstwhile IDFC Bond
Fund-Direct Plan-Growth)
90.80
85.44
-
117,182,739 (117,182,739) Units of Bandhan Banking & PSU
Debt Fund - Direct Plan - Growth (erstwhile IDFC
Banking & PSU Debt Fund - Direct Plan - Growth)
307.51
290.48
-
18,914,853 (-) Units of Bandhan Income Plus Arbitrage Active
FoF - Direct Plan - Growth
90.49
-
171,472,479 (-) Units of Kotak Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FoF
- Direct Plan - Growth
220.40
-
30,603,467 (30,603,467) Units of Kotak Bond Short Term
Plan-Direct Plan - Growth
182.24
171.52
-
22,032,838 (-) Units of HSBC Income Plus Arbitrage Active
FoF - Direct Plan - Growth
51.84
-
30,779,648 (30,779,648) Units of HSBC Short Duration Fund
- Direct Plan- Growth
89.46
84.30
-
122,864,287 (122,864,287) Units of Nippon India Floating Rate
Fund - Short Term-Direct Plan - Growth
607.75
570.06
-
146,141,389 (146,141,389) Units of ICICI Prudential Bond Fund
- Direct Plan-Growth
632.64
610.15
-
449,031,864 (449,031,864) Units of HDFC Corporate Bond Fund
- Direct Plan-Growth
1,532.71
1,461.22
-
116,201,242 (116,201,242) Units of HSBC Banking & PSU Debt
Fund - Direct Plan- Growth
306.94
289.87
-
Fair Value
5,702.41
4,950.53
-
In Short Duration Bond Funds

Quoted
211,215,073 (132,151,678) Units of Aditya Birla Sun Life
CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3 to 6 Months Debt
Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
230.57
135.20
161,608,341 (-) Units of Aditya Birla Sun Life CRISIL-IBX
Financial Services 9 to 12 Months Debt Index
Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
173.05
-
19,440,313 (-) Units of Axis CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3 to
6. Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
20.04
-
16,786,810 (58,528,134) Units of Bandhan Money Manager
Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
76.75
250.50
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
Brought over
11,222.15
13,834.30
5,175.79
1,397.86

In Short Term Funds (Contd.)

Quoted: (Contd.)
Brought over
207.52
84.62
-

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
37,408,699 (-) Units of Bandhan CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3
to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
40.11
-
650,000 (-) Units of Bajaj Finserv Low Duration Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
65.29
-
- (48,894,814) Units of Edelweiss Money Market
Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
150.30
- (497,759) Units of Edelweiss Low Duration Fund
- Direct Plan - Growth
-
50.03
132,531,831 (-) Units of HDFC CRISIL-IBX Financial Services
3 to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan -
Growth
-
140.49
-
- (46,938,133) Units of Kotak Nifty AAA Bond Jun
2025. HTM Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
50.60
- (49,750,749) Units of Kotak CRISIL-IBX Financial
Services 3 to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct
Plan - Growth
-
50.08
99,011,324 (-) Units of Kotak CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 9 to
12. Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
101.70
-
40,547,481 (-) Units of Kotak CRISIL IBX AAA Financial Services
Index - Sep 2027 Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
45.52
-
28,243,139 (-) Units of Kotak CRISIL-IBX AAA Bond Financial
Services Index - Dec 2026 Fund - Direct Plan -
Growth
-
30.58
-
79,880,024 (-) Units of Nippon CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 9 to
12. Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
80.16
-
19,981,218 (-) Units of Nippon CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3
to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
20.06
-
- (44,907,042) Units of ICICI Prudential CRISIL-IBX
Financial Services 3 to 6 Months Debt Index Fund
- Direct Plan - Growth
-
45.07
Fair Value
-
1,024.32
731.78
In Arbitrage Funds

Quoted
44,679,438 (254,900,813) Units of Bandhan Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
164.40
879.67
- (49,438,933) Units of Bajaj Finserv Arbitrage Fund
- Direct Plan - Growth
-
55.31
77,195,645 (509,540,461) Units of DSP Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
126.56
783.72
227,842,209 (227,842,209) Units of Edelweiss Arbitrage Fund
- Direct Plan - Growth
-
497.13
465.79
- (154,725,978) Units of HSBC Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
309.08
Fair Value
-
788.09
2,493.57
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
Brought over
16,924.56
18,784.83
5,175.79
1,397.86

In Short Duration Bond Funds (Contd.)

Quoted: (Contd.)
Brought over
-
500.41
385.70
Carried over
16,924.56
18,784.83
6,988.20
4,623.21

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
In Liquid & Overnight mutual funds

Quoted
392,135 (-) Units of HDFC Liquid Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
212.14
-
2,265,433 (4,051,431) Units of Bajaj Finserv Liquid Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
272.41
458.64
- (736,150) Units of UTI Overnight Fund - Direct
Plan - Growth
-
257.29
- (3,219,398) Units of Nippon India Overnight Fund
- Direct Plan - Growth
-
44.15
- (1,481,406) Units of Axis Overnight Fund - Direct
Plan - Growth
-
200.16
Fair Value
-
484.55
960.24
In Equities

Unquoted
69,020 (-) Equity Shares of H 10 each in Clean Max
Godavari Private Ltd.
12.08
-
Fair Value
12.08
-
Total (B)
16,936.64
18,784.83
7,472.75
5,583.45
Total (A+B)
22,640.52
22,986.78
7,472.75
5,583.45
Aggregate provision for diminution in value of investments
2.17
-
Brought over
16,924.56
18,784.83
6,988.20
4,623.21
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Book value
Market value
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Quoted
21,630.03
22,942.92
21,576.16
22,942.70
Unquoted
8,483.24
5,627.31
NA
NA
Total
30,113.27
28,570.23
Notes to Investments
1 Investments made by the Company other than those with a maturity of less than one year, are intended to be held for long-term. On an assessment of the expected
credit loss due to significant changes in risk profile, no material provisions are required to be made.
2. In absence of an active market and non availability of quotes on a recognised stock exchange, investment in fixed maturity plans and subordinated bonds though listed
on recognised stock exchanges are disclosed as unquoted. Other mutual funds, though unlisted, are quoted on recognised stock exchanges at their previous day NAVs
which is the quote for the day.
3. Refer note 1 (6) for accounting policy on investments and note 33 for credit risk management related to investments.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Loans

(Unsecured, considered good, unless stated otherwise)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Employee loans
0.79
1.71
1.60
2.55
Loans
-
21.40
-
Loans to related party [See note 39]
1,634.92
1,059.03
-
1,635.71
1,082.14
23.00
2.55
Details of loans
(H In Crore)
Name of the party
Maturity
Date
Rate of Interest p.a.
Secured/
Unsecured
Closing balance
Maximum balance
As at 31 March
During the year

Yulu Bikes Private Ltd.
31. Dec 2026
10.6%
Unsecured
21.40
Bajaj Auto International
Holdings BV (Subsidiary)
21. Feb 2028
3-month Euribor
+ 425 bps/
Effective
1st January 2026
12m Euribor + 425bps
Unsecured
1,634.92
1,059.03
1,634.92
1,059.03
Loan have been granted for general corporate purpose in the ordinary course of business
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Bank balances [See note 12]
-
0.02
-
300.00
Security deposits*
30.64
29.36
-
Interest receivable on investments
-
176.83
75.18
Interest receivable on loans, deposits etc.
-
49.80
8.60
Mark-to-market gains on derivative instruments [See note 32]
-
2.51
Incentives receivable from Government
-
1,133.94
983.14
Other receivable and advances
-
152.93
117.52
30.64
29.38
1,513.50
1,486.95
* Security deposits include a sum of H 2.17 crore (previous year H 1.92 crore) against use of premises on a Leave License basis, placed with directors and their relatives,
jointly and severally. [See note 39]

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Other assets

(Unsecured, considered good, unless stated otherwise)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Capital advances
26.37
33.30
-
Security deposits
7.59
7.45
-
Advances recoverable
Other advances
30.95
27.05
289.21
263.78
Doubtful advances
4.03
-
34.98
31.08
289.21
263.78
Less: Provision for doubtful advances
4.03
-
30.95
27.05
289.21
263.78
Gratuity asset [See note 38]
-
18.86
-
GST/VAT credit/refund receivable
-
990.81
473.74
Export incentives receivable
-
72.98
47.75
64.91
86.66
1,353.00
785.27
Inventories
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Raw materials and components (includes in transit H 179.2 crore (previous year H 196.8 crore))
1,250.57
1,185.38
80.86
56.42
Finished goods
983.75
688.86
Stores, spares and packing material
37.35
22.54
Loose tools
1.17
4.70
2,353.70
1,957.90
Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss
Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value/reversal of provision for write-down, resulted in net loss/(gain) of H 101.92 crore
[Previous year - H (45.90) crore]. These were recognised as an expense/(income) during the year in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
10. Trade receivables
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
Unsecured, considered good
-
2,712.20
2,282.64
Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk
18.43
14.45
-
18.43
14.45
2,712.20
2,282.64
Less: Allowance for bad and doubtful receivable [See note 33(A)]
18.43
14.45
-
2,712.20
2,282.64
-
2,712.20
2,282.64
No trade receivable are due from directors or other officers of the company either severally or jointly with any other person. No trade receivable are due from firms or
private companies in which any director is a partner, a director or a member except as disclosed in note 39.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than
2 -3 years
More than
Total
2,707.03
0.77
1.67
2.73
-
2,712.20
ii) Undisputed trade receivables - which have

significant increase in credit risk
2.13
7.22
0.98
0.45
0.70
11.48
-
iv) Disputed trade receivables - which have

significant increase in credit risk
0.01
0.14
0.20
0.02
6.58
6.95
2,709.17
8.13
2.85
3.20
7.28
2,730.63
(H In Crore)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than
2 -3 years
More than
Total
2,279.22
0.51
2.84
-
0.07
2,282.64

5.33
0.90
0.56
0.50
7.85
-
iv) Disputed trade receivables - which have significant

-
0.02
6.58
6.60
2,284.55
1.41
3.40
0.58
7.15
2,297.09

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
11 Cash and cash equivalents
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Balances with banks
900.55
578.39
Cash on hand
0.01
0.03
Cash equivalents
Fixed Deposits with original maturity of less than three months
320.00
235.00
1,220.56
813.42
12 Other bank balances
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Unclaimed dividend & unspent CSR accounts
-
80.45
65.13
Deposits with remaining maturity for more than twelve months
-
0.02
Deposits with remaining maturity for less than twelve months
-
300.00
Deposits with original maturity of more than three months but less than
twelve months
-
0.02
450.00
-
0.02
80.47
815.13
Amount disclosed under 'other financial assets' [See note 7]
-
(0.02)
-
(300.00)
-
80.47
515.13
13 Equity share capital
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
J in Crore
J in Crore

Authorised
Equity shares of H 10 each
300,000,000
300.00
300,000,000
300.00
Issued, subscribed and fully paid-up shares
Equity shares of H 10 each
279,497,838
279.50
279,257,608
279.26
279,497,838
279.50
279,257,608
279.26

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
a. Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
J in Crore
J in Crore

Equity shares
279,257,608
279.26
279,179,756
279.18
Issued during the year*
240,230
0.24
77,852
0.08
279,497,838
279.50
279,257,608
279.26
* Issued to ESOP trust by the Company for ESOP.
b. Terms/rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of H 10 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one
vote per share. The interim dividend declared by the Board of Directors; and the final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors and
approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting is paid in Indian rupees. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the
holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts.
The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
c. Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
% Holding
% Holding

Equity shares of J 10 each fully paid
95,547,251
34.19%
95,547,251
34.21%
Jamnalal Sons Pvt. Ltd.
25,960,841
9.29%
25,960,841
9.30%

d. Shareholding of promoters
Promoter name
No. of
during the year

For 2025-26
Shekhar Bajaj
6,020
0.00%
Madhur Bajaj
-
0.00%
(0.07%)
Niraj Bajaj
42,103
0.02%
0.00%
Rajiv Bajaj
745,001
0.27%
0.00%
Sanjiv Bajaj
200,000
0.07%
(0.04%)
95,547,251
34.19%
(0.03%)
Promoter name
No. of
shares*
% change during
the year*

For 2024-25
Shekhar Bajaj
6,020
0.00%
Madhur Bajaj
197,561
0.07%
0.00%
Niraj Bajaj
42,103
0.02%
0.00%
Rajiv Bajaj
745,001
0.27%
0.00%
Sanjiv Bajaj
3,23,233
0.12%
0.00%
95,547,251
34.21%
(0.01%)
* There is no change in number of shares held however percentage of shareholding by the promoters is changed pursuant to increase on account of issue of 77,852 equity
shares of the Company made during the year for ESOP.
13 Equity share capital (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
14 Other equity (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Reserves and surplus:
General reserve
6,389.60
Add: Transferred from surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss
-
-
6,389.60
Retained earnings
22,419.94
16,416.32
9,824.66
8,151.42
Items of other comprehensive income recognised directly in retained earnings

(0.08)
17.75
Add
Amount transferred from Share based payment reserve
6.46
67.89
Less
Appropriations

Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025/2024
5,864.41
2,233.44
Total appropriations
5,864.41
2,233.44
26,386.57
22,419.94
Other reserves
FVTOCI reserve
2,871.20
1,665.71
Net (losses)/gains on FVTOCI equity securities
(1,257.52)
1,205.49
1,613.68
2,871.20
Securities premium
115.57
86.31
93.24
29.26
208.81
115.57
10.41
-
10.41
99.44
102.46
70.60
64.87
Less: Amount transferred to retained earnings
(6.46)
(67.89)
163.58
99.44
Treasury shares
(38.48)
(89.49)
(39.00)
51.01
(77.48)
(38.48)
34,695.17
31,867.68
Nature and purpose of reserve:

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
General reserve
General reserve is free reserve available for distribution as recommended by Board in accordance with requirements of the
Companies Act,2013. Mandatory transfer to general reserve is not required under the Companies Act,2013.
Retained earnings
Retained earnings is a free reserve. This is the accumulated profit earned by the Company till date, less transfer to general reserve,
dividend and other distributions made to the shareholders.
FVTOCI reserve
The Company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
income. These changes are accumulated within the FVTOCI reserve within equity.
Securities premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in securities premium. This can be utilised only for
limited purposes in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act 2013
As per section 69 of the Companies Act 2013, where a company purchases its own shares out of free reserves or securities premium
account, a sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased shall be transferred to the capital redemption reserve account.
The capital redemption reserve account may be applied by the Company, in paying up unissued shares of the Company to be issued
to members of the Company as fully paid bonus shares.
Share based payment reserve is created as required by Ind AS 102 Share Based Payments on the employee stock option scheme
operated by the Company for its employees.
Treasury shares
The reserve for shares of the Company held by the Bajaj Auto ESOP Trust (ESOP Trust). Company has issued employees stock option
scheme for its employees. The equity shares of the Company have been purchased and held by ESOP Trust. Trust to transfer in the
name of employees at the time of exercise of option by employees.
15 Sales tax deferral
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Unsecured
Sales tax deferral liability, an incentive under Package Scheme of Incentives 1983 and 1993 -
interest free, partially prepaid
73.30
127.64
73.30
127.64
The exemption of interest on the sales tax liability deferred for payment is considered as a Government grant and measured at an internal
rate of return available for pre-payment of the liability as per the sales tax rules. [See note 33 and 29A]
14 Other equity (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
16. Provisions
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Provision for employee benefits [See note 38]
Provision for gratuity
52.56
-
Provision for compensated absences
-
140.55
132.81
Provision for welfare scheme
0.30
0.45
-
52.86
0.45
140.55
132.81
Other provisions
-
330.21
118.25
52.86
0.45
470.76
251.06
Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of vehicles sold which are still under warranty at the end of the reporting
period. These claims are expected to be settled in the next financial year. Management estimates the provision based on historical
warranty claim information; and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ from historical amounts.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

118.25
56.89
Arising during the year
250.35
154.46
Utilised during the year
38.39
93.10
330.21
118.25

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
17 Deferred tax liabilities (net)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

220.70
198.06
Employee benefits
Defined benefit plans provisions
-
5.16
Financial instruments
Mutual funds including fixed maturity plans, ETFs
547.40
502.47
Financial assets at FVTOCI
269.26
479.09
Others
-
4.03
816.66
985.59
Gross deferred tax liabilities
1,037.36
1,188.81

Employee benefits

Welfare scheme costs and others
0.08
0.11

Bonus provisions
1.72

Provision for privilege leave etc.
35.37
33.42

Defined benefit plans provisions
12.81
-
49.98
35.25

Financial instruments

Amortisation on acquisition/liquidation of fixed income securities
4.27
13.77

Other items

Provision for bad/doubtful debts and advances
5.65
4.65

12.11
17.76
16.76
Gross deferred tax assets
72.01
65.78
965.35
1,123.03

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Property,
plant and
equipment
Financial
Employee
benefits
Other
items
Total

At 31 March 2024
178.56
380.30
(33.92)
(18.00)
506.94
Charged/(credited)

-
to profit and loss
19.50
322.84
(2.13)
1.24
341.45

-
-
268.68
5.96
-
274.64
At 31 March 2025
198.06
971.82
(30.09)
(16.76)
1,123.03
Charged/(credited)

-
to profit and loss
22.64
(155.40)
(19.89)
(1.00)
(153.65)

-
-
(4.03)
-
(4.03)
At 31 March 2026
220.70
812.39
(49.98)
(17.76)
965.35
18 Other non-current liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

0.02
0.05
0.02
0.05
19. Borrowings
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Interest Rate
Maturity Date
As at 31 March

Unsecured
INR loan, from a bank as packing credit facility against exports
1M T-bill + 43 bps
20. June 2025
-
800.00
-
800.00
17 Deferred tax liabilities (net) (Contd.)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
20. Trade payables
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (see note 44 for details of dues to
micro and small enterprises)
222.11
246.11
7,134.12
6,021.52
7,356.23
6,267.63
(H In Crore)
Due - Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Unbilled
Not due
Less than
More than
Total
-
222.11
-
222.11
(ii) Others
1,339.41
5,154.62
584.01
35.44
14.80
5.84
7,134.12
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME
-
(iv) Disputed dues - Others
-
1,339.41
5,376.73
584.01
35.44
14.80
5.84
7,356.23
(H In Crore)
Due - Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Unbilled
Not due
Less than
More than
Total
-
246.11
-
246.11
(ii) Others
1,021.21
3,780.75
1,191.58
22.68
1.47
3.83
6,021.52
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME
-
(iv) Disputed dues - Others
-
1,021.21
4,026.86
1,191.58
22.68
1.47
3.83
6,267.63
21 Other financial liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Security deposits
217.25
126.40
Unclaimed dividend
37.70
27.87
Valuation loss on derivative instrument [See note 32]
10.49
-
Directors' remuneration and commission payable [see note 39]
38.33
38.43
Employee benefits payable
255.80
286.25
Other payables
190.11
201.12
749.68
680.07
Refer note 32 for financial liabilities measured at amortised cost.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
22 Other current liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

0.03
0.09
639.68
392.88
Taxes and duties payable
135.87
134.44
Other payables
219.32
245.33
994.90
772.74
23 Revenue from operations
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Sale of products
56,113.68
48,247.22
Scrap sales
51.56
26.41
Export incentives
571.56
468.62
Government Incentives (PSI/PLI)
1,040.09
527.30
Royalty
496.05
415.08
Rent [See note 40]
47.80
48.17
Insurance claims
0.91
0.26
Miscellaneous receipts
284.50
158.11
Government grants
2.65
Interest income on financial services to dealers
123.68
116.49
2,618.80
1,763.09
58,732.48
50,010.31

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
23 Revenue from operations (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars

a. Revenue from contracts with customers (Goods transferred at a point in time)
India
35,697.65
31,993.08
Outside India
20,416.03
16,254.14
Total revenue from contracts with customers
56,113.68
48,247.22
b. Reconciling the amount of revenue recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with the

contracted price

Revenue as per contracted price
56,757.01
48,787.49

Adjustments

Cash discounts and target incentives
(421.19)
(368.25)

Sales promotion expenses (primarily vehicle discounts)
(222.14)
(172.02)

56,113.68
48,247.22
Contract Balances

Refer note 10 for Trade Receivable

Contract liabilities are advances received from customers for delivery of goods. (refer note 22)

All contract liabilities at the beginning of the year are recognised as revenue during the year
Performance Obligation

Refer note 2 of accounting policy
24. Other income
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Investment income
166.53
123.81
Amortisation of (premium)/discount on acquisition of fixed income securities
(6.16)
1.35
55.91
87.29
105.50
7.64
432.53
436.49
52.77
49.55
Interest income from financial assets including amortised cost
807.08
706.13
Dividend income on other strategic investments [see note 39]
32.55
30.10
Gain on valuation and realisation of mutual funds measured at FVTPL
484.34
633.28
Profit/(loss) on sale of other investments, net, measured at amortised cost
12.79
31.05
1,336.76
1,400.56
Others
Surplus on sale of property, plant and equipment
4.08
3.23
Interest on tax refunds/credits
33.92
17.15
Gains on exchange fluctuations
188.16
-
226.16
20.38
1,562.92
1,420.94

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
25 Changes in inventories
(H In Crore)
Particulars
(Increase)/

Inventories at the end of the year
80.86
56.42
(24.44)
983.75
688.86
(294.89)
1,064.61
745.28
(319.33)
Inventories at the beginning of the year
56.42
84.63
28.21
688.86
695.83
6.97
745.28
780.46
35.18
(319.33)
35.18
26 Employee benefits expense
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Salaries, wages and bonus to employees [See note 39]
1,401.31
1,332.37
Contribution to provident and other funds [See note 38 & 39]
98.32
92.84
Share based payment to employees [See note 14 & 43]
70.60
64.87
Staff welfare expenses
94.02
89.36
1,664.25
1,579.44
27. Finance costs
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Interest expense
33.94
65.93
Interest adjustment on Government grant
1.99
1.79
35.93
67.72

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
28 Depreciation and amortisation expense
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment
442.48
384.13
Depreciation on investment property
1.13
1.12
Amortisation of intangible asset
2.62
12.86
Amortisation of leasehold land
1.98
448.21
400.09
29. Other expenses
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Stores and tools consumed
195.71
199.00
Power, fuel and water
193.48
176.94
Rent
18.43
16.99
Repairs to buildings
47.56
46.76
Repairs to machinery
181.64
129.05
Other repairs
29.15
26.52
Insurance
20.09
19.26
Rates and taxes
10.33
15.98
Payment to auditor
4.00
2.15
Directors' fees and travelling expenses
1.01
1.02
Commission to non-executive directors
3.12
3.21
Travelling expenses
61.38
59.01
R&D expenses
244.57
59.63
Royalty
213.97
136.91
Miscellaneous expenses
616.55
523.69
Loss on exchange fluctuations
-
2.19
Packing material consumed
509.15
411.73
Freight and forwarding expenses
271.60
185.86
Advertisement
646.97
508.40
Vehicle service charges and other expenses
416.61
288.18
Sales promotion expenses
57.89
45.36
Donation to political party (Paid to Bharatiya Janata Party)
-
25.00
Expenditure towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities
187.73
157.32
Bad debts and other irrecoverable debit balances written off
0.11
6.82
Loss on property, plant and equipment sold, demolished, discarded and scrapped
3.28
2.28
Provision for doubtful debts and advances, net (includes expected credit loss on trade receivables)
3.97
(4.92)
3,938.30
3,044.34

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Payment to auditor
(H In Crore)
Particulars

As auditor
Audit fee
1.60
1.04
Tax audit fee
0.10
Limited review
1.00
0.66
Other services (certification fees)
1.14
0.34
Reimbursement of expenses
0.16
0.01
4.00
2.15

Expenditure towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities
(H In Crore)
Particulars

a) Detail of spends
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year
187.73
157.32
ii) Amount of expenditure incurred
187.73
157.32
iii) Shortfall at the end of the year
-
iv) Total of previous years shortfall
-
v) Reason for shortfall
NA
NA
vi) Nature of CSR activities
Poverty, Health, Sanitation, Water
6.68
1.64
Education, Special Education, Vocation, Livelihoods
14.03
9.78
Environment, Soil And Water, Protection of Flora and fauna
4.95
3.85
Heritage, Art, Culture, Handicrafts, Public Libraries, Sports
0.20
0.18
Rural Development
-
Gender/Women, Orphans, Homes & Hostels, Day Care
-
Others (including provision for unspent)
161.87
141.87
Total
187.73
157.32
No funds relating to other than identified and ongoing projects are required to be transferred to
specified funds.

b) Amount spent in cash during the year on:
Construction/acquisition of any asset
-
ii) On purposes other than (i) above
187.73
157.32
187.73
157.32
Details of ongoing projects
Opening balance
Amount
required
to be spent
Amount spent during the year
Closing balance
With Company
In separate CSR unspent
account (includes
advances given)
From Company's
bank account
From separate CSR
unspent account
Amount transferred to
CSR unspent account
With Company
In separate CSR
unspent account
(includes advances given)

133.74
87.26
187.73
35.72
177.37
133.74
152.01
43.63
29 Other expenses (Contd.)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
29A Exceptional items
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Gain on Sales Tax Deferral NPV payment
(34.53)
-
Impact of New Wage Code - expense
58.33
-
23.80
-
Exceptional items for the year ended 31 March 2026, represent a net charge of H 23.80 crore, comprising
The Government of India has notified the Code on Wages,2019; Industrial Relations Code,2020; Code on Social Security,2020;
and Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code,2020 (collectively, Labour Codes ) on 21 November 2025. Based
on the revised definition of wages under the Labour Codes, the Company has recognised net charge of H 58.33 crore on account
of impact of Labour Codes. The impact relating to Labour Codes is subject to finalisation of rules and requisite approvals.
Deferred Tax Asset recognised for this exceptional item of expenditure is H 15.43 crore.
Gain of H 34.53 crore on prepayment of deferral incentive/loan at net present value (NPV) against a carrying amount
of H 56.33 crore.
30. Tax expense
(H In Crore)
Particulars

(a) Tax expense

Current tax

Current tax on profits for the year
3,194.75
2,559.04

Deferred tax

Decrease/(increase) in deferred tax assets
(11.39)
10.28

(Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities
63.57
331.15

Total deferred tax expense/(benefit)
52.18
341.43

Tax expenses
3,246.93
2,900.47

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(b) Reconciliation of tax expenses and the accounting profit multiplied by India's tax rate

13,071.59
11,051.89

Tax at the Indian tax rate of 25.17% (Previous year - 25.17%)
3,289.85
2,781.54

Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:

-
Corporate social responsibility expenditure and donations
47.25
45.89

-
Rate difference in amortisation of fixed income securities
0.71
(0.47)

-
Others
12.69
26.86

-
One time impact due to change in tax rates *
-
211.26

Tax effect of amounts which are deductible (non taxable) in calculating taxable income:

-
Dividend received on strategic investment
(8.19)
(7.58)

-
Income from investments taxed at lower rates
(94.17)
(156.17)

-
Disallowance of expenditure incurred on rented property (net)
(1.21)
(0.86)

Tax expense
3,246.93
2,900.47
*The Company invests its surplus funds into a range of asset classes including debt mutual funds, index funds and fixed maturity plans. In compliance with Ind AS 12,
the Company was making accounting provisions for Deferred Tax as per applicable law (taking cognizance of the indexation impact) on changes in fair value on these
investments.
The Finance (No. 2) Act,2024 withdrew the indexation benefit on long-term capital gains on debt mutual funds which were purchased prior to 1 April 2023 and the tax
rate with respect to long-term capital gains for the said asset class was changed from 20% plus surcharge and cess (with indexation) to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess
(without indexation).
Due to withdrawal of the indexation benefit and change in tax rate, the accounting provision for Deferred Tax created on Investment Income has been consequently
increased by H 211.26 crore as a cumulative one-time provision while computing the profit after tax for the year ended 31 March 2025. IT is to be noted that only a provision
is being made in the books of accounts at this point of time to record the Deferred Tax in line with the applicable accounting standards and the recently enacted tax
change. The actual payment of tax would be made at the time of redemption of this asset class. The cash outflow towards tax could be different at the time of redemption
31. Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Basic EPS are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of Equity shares
outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding
during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into
Equity shares.
Particulars

Profit for the year (H In Crore)
9,824.66
8,151.42
Weighted average number of equity shares for basic earnings per share
279,096,661
279,103,387
Effect of dilution:

Employee stock options
418,500
511,554
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted earnings per share
279,515,161
279,614,941
Earnings per share (Basic) H (a/b)
352.0
292.1
Earnings per share (Diluted) H (a/c)
351.5
291.5
Face value per share (H)
10.0
30 Tax expense (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
32 Fair value measurement
Financial instruments by category
(H In Crore)
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
Cost
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
Cost

Financial assets
Investments
-
Equity
12.08
3,159.40
-
4,626.75
-
-
Bonds
-
4,200.36
-
1,433.63
-
Subordinated Debentures
-
500.00
-
-
Government securities
-
367.55
-
Commercial Papers
-
294.10
-
-
-
1,126.90
-
884.18
-
-
6,369.20
-
7,640.05
-
Fixed deposits
-
745.00
-
280.00
-
5,702.42
-
4,950.53
-
-
1,024.31
-
731.78
-
-
484.55
-
960.24
-
-
Alternate Investment fund
-
2.98
-
-
Arbitrage Funds
788.09
-
2,493.57
-
-
Derivative Asset
-
2.51
-
Trade receivables
-
2,712.20
-
2,282.64
Loans
21.40
-
1,637.31
21.40
-
1,063.29
-
1,544.14
-
1,513.82
-
1,220.56
-
813.42
-
80.47
-
515.13
8,032.85
3,162.38
20,430.24
9,160.03
4,626.75
16,793.71
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
800.00
-
73.30
-
127.64
Trade payables
-
7,356.23
-
6,267.63
10.49
-
739.19
-
680.07
10.49
-
8,168.72
-
7,875.34

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
32 Fair value measurement (Contd.)
ii) Fair value hierarchy

This section explains the judgments and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are
(a) recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the
financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Company has
classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level
follows underneath the table.
Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value-recurring fair value measurements at 31 March 2026
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial investments at FVTPL
-
5,702.42
-
5,702.42
-
1,024.31
-
1,024.31
-
484.55
-
484.55
-
Arbitrage funds
788.09
-
788.09
-
Derivative Asset
-
-
Loans
-
21.40
-
21.40
-
Equity investment
-
12.08
Financial investments at FVTOCI
-
Equity investment
3,061.10
98.30
-
3,159.40
-
Alternate Investment fund
-
2.98
11,060.47
119.70
15.06
11,195.23
Assets disclosed at fair value - At 31 March 2026
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Investment property
-
238.78
-
238.78
Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value-recurring fair value measurements At 31 March 2025
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial investments at FVTPL
-
Short-term mutual funds
4,950.53
-
4,950.53
-
731.78
-
731.78
-
960.24
-
960.24
-
Arbitrage funds
2,493.57
-
2,493.57
-
Derivative Asset
-
2.51
-
2.51
-
Loans
-
21.40
-
21.40
Financial investments at FVTOCI
-
Equity investment
4,365.57
261.18
-
4,626.75
13,501.69
285.09
-
13,786.78

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
32 Fair value measurement (Contd.)
Assets disclosed at fair value - At 31 March 2025
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Investment property
-
234.09
-
234.09
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices in active markets. Quotes would include
rates/values/valuation references published periodically by BSE, NSE etc. basis which trades take place in a linked or unlinked active
market. This includes traded bonds and mutual funds, as the case may be, that have quoted price/rate/value.
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined using valuation techniques
which maximise the use of observable market data (either directly as prices or indirectly derived from prices) and rely as little as
possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
included in level 2.
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is
the case for unlisted equity securities, contingent consideration and indemnification asset included in level 3.
Valuation Techniques used to determine fair value
Valuation Techniques used to determine fair value include
Open ended mutual funds at NAV s/rates declared and/or quoted
Derivative instruments at values determined by counter parties/banks using market observable data
Investment in equity instruments fair valued at Level 3 pertains to investment in equity share of special purpose vehicle (SPV) entity
under solar power generation agreement with Clean Max Godavari Private Limited. This investment has been made in current
financial year and are expected to generate benefits in the form of savings in energy costs over the contracted period. Management
has assessed that based on the present value of estimated future cash flows from the said project, the carrying value approximates
its fair value.
iii) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost
(H In Crore)
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
Carrying
Amount
Fair value
Carrying
Amount
Fair value
Financial assets
Investments
Bonds
4,200.36
4,152.30
1,433.63
1,403.15
Government securities
-
367.55
362.30
1,126.90
1,149.47
884.18
891.68
6,369.20
6,363.38
7,640.05
7,675.55
11,696.46
11,665.15
10,325.41
10,332.68
The carrying amounts of commercial paper, subordinated debentures, fixed deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, other financial assets/liabilities, other bank
balances and cash and cash equivalents are considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their short-term nature. The fair value of non- current financial assets/
liabilities also approximate their carrying values.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
33 Financial risk management
The Company s activities expose IT to credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (including foreign exchange risk). In order to minimise
any adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company, derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward
contracts and foreign currency option contracts are entered to hedge certain foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives are used
exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
This note explains the sources of risk which the Company is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk and the impact of hedge
accounting in the financial statements.
Risk
Exposure arising from
Measurement
Management
Credit Risk
Cash and cash equivalents, financial assets
measured at amortised cost and fair value
through profit or loss
Credit ratings
Diversification of counterparties, diversification of
investment limits, monitoring of counterparties basis
credit rating
Derivative financial instruments
Credit ratings
Deal with reputed banks holding high credit risk rating.
Trade receivables
Credit Limit and
Ageing analysis
No. of overdue days, monitoring of credit limits
Liquidity Risk
Other liabilities
Maturity analysis
Maintaining sufficient cash/cash equivalents and
marketable securities
Market Risk-
Foreign
Exchange
Highly probable forecast transactions and
financial assets and liabilities not
denominated in INR
Sensitivity analysis
Forward foreign exchange contracts and foreign
currency options.
The Board of Directors provide guiding principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as
foreign exchange risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of
available funds. The Company s risk management is carried out by a treasury department as per such policies approved by the Board
of Directors. Accordingly, Company s treasury department identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks.
A). Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty may default on its contractual obligations leading to a financial loss to the Company.
Credit risk primarily arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments, financial assets measured at amortised
cost, financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and trade receivables. None of the financial instruments of the
Company result in material concentration of credit risk.
Credit risk management
For Derivative instruments exposures are extended with multiple banks holding high credit risk ratings.
In regard to Trade receivables, which are typically unsecured, credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit
limits and continuously monitoring the credit worthiness of customers to whom credit is extended in the normal course of business.
The Company follows a simplified approach for recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade receivables. Accordingly,
impairment loss allowance is recognised based on lifetime expected credit losses at each reporting date, right from its initial
recognition. The provision rates are based on days past due; and the calculation reflects the probability weighted outcome, the
time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current
conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
33 Financial risk management (Contd.)
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure of the Company s trade receivables using provision matrix:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Estimated total gross carrying amount
2,730.63
2,297.09
ECL
(18.43)
(14.45)
2,712.20
2,282.64
Reconciliation of impairment allowance - Trade receivable
Particulars
(J In Crore)
Impairment allowance as on 31 March 2024
19.37
(4.92)
Impairment allowance as on 31 March 2025
14.45
3.98
Impairment allowance as on 31 March 2026
18.43
For other financial assets, the Company has an investment policy which allows the Company to invest only with counterparties
having a credit rating equal to or above AA+ and A1+. The Company reviews the creditworthiness of these counterparties on an
on-going basis. Counter party limits maybe updated as and when required, subject to approval of Board of Directors.
B)
Liquidity risk
The Company s principal source of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and cash flows that are generated from operations.
The Company believes that its working capital is sufficient to meet the financial liabilities within maturity period. The Company
has no outstanding long-term borrowings except sales tax deferral liability amounting to H 73.30 crore which are interest free and
are repayable after 7 years from the Balance Sheet date. Additionally, the Company has invested its surplus funds in fixed income
securities or instruments of similar profile thereby ensuring safety of capital and availability of liquidity as and when required.
Hence the Company carries a negligible liquidity risk.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
The Company had
Net working capital funds
6,934.65
4,424.56
which includes;

1,220.56
813.42

ii) Current investments
7,472.75
5,583.45

iii) Other bank balances
80.47
515.13

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
33 Financial risk management (Contd.)
The table below summarises the contractual maturities of financial liabilities as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025:
Maturities of financial liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
More than 1 year
Total
As on 31 March 2026
Non-derivatives
-
73.30
Trade payables
7,356.23
-
7,356.23
749.68
-
749.68
8,105.91
73.30
8,179.21

As on 31 March 2025
Non-derivatives
-
127.64
Trade payables
6,267.63
-
6,267.63
Short-term borrowings
800.00
-
800.00
680.07
-
680.07
7,747.70
127.64
7,875.34
C)
Market risk
Foreign currency risk
The Company has significant exports and is therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency transactions,
primarily with respect to the US$. Foreign exchange risk arises from highly probable forecast transactions and recognised assets
and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company s functional currency (INR). The risk is measured through sensitivity
analysis. The primary objective for forex hedging against anticipated foreign currency risks will be to hedge the Company's highly
probable foreign currency cash flows arising from such transactions (thus reducing volatility of cash flow and profit).
The Company s risk management policy permits the use of plain foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign currency option
contracts including Foreign Currency - INR Option Cost Reduction Structures to hedge forecasted sales.
The Company also imports certain materials the value of which is not material as compared to value of exports. Currently, Company
does not hedge this exposure. Nevertheless, Company may wish to hedge such exposures.
The Company uses a combination of foreign currency option contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its exposure
in foreign currency risk. The Company designates forward contracts in entirety and intrinsic value of foreign currency option
contracts as the hedging instrument. To the extent these hedges are effective; the change in fair value of the hedging instrument
is recognised through other comprehensive income in the Cash flow hedging reserve within equity. The change in time value that
relate to the hedged item (aligned time value) is recognised through other comprehensive income in Costs of hedging reserve
within equity. Amount recognised in equity is reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item (i.e. forecasted export sales) affects
statement of profit or loss. The ineffective portion of change in fair value of the hedging instrument and any residual time value (the
non-aligned portion), if any, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately.
The intrinsic value of foreign exchange option contracts is determined with reference to the relevant spot market exchange rate. The
differential between the contracted strike rate and the spot market exchange rate is defined as the intrinsic value. Time value of the
option is the difference between fair value of the option and the intrinsic value.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
33 Financial risk management (Contd.)
Derivative
The Company enters into foreign exchange forward contracts with the intention to reduce the foreign exchange risk. These contracts
are not designated in hedge relationships and are measured at fair value through profit and loss.
The fair values (Mark-to-market/MTM) of foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as on 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025
are as follows:
For foreign currency loan receivable:
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
Notional In
EURO Mn
(Sell)
MTM
Gain/(Loss)
(J In Crore)
Notional In
EURO Mn
(Sell)
MTM
Gain/(Loss)
(J In Crore)
Foreign currency forward contract
150.00
(10.49)
115.00
2.51
Total
150.00
(10.49)
115.00
2.51
Open exposure
The Company s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
(USD Million)
(J in Crore)
(USD Million)
(J in Crore)
Receivables
122.58
1,162.49
59.81
511.23
Others (EEFC balances and Int Receivable)
87.60
830.75
51.07
436.52
Payables
(23.47)
(222.58)
(33.47)
(286.08)
Total
186.71
1,770.66
77.41
661.67
Sensitivity analysis
For the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, every 5% percentage point appreciation in the exchange rate between the
Indian rupee and U.S. Dollar, would have affected the Company's profit before tax and equity by approximately H 88.53 crore and H
33.08 crore respectively. 5% depreciation of the Indian rupee and U.S. Dollar would lead to an equal but opposite effect.
Sensitivity analysis is computed based on the changes in the receivables and payables in foreign currency upon conversion into
functional currency, due to exchange rate fluctuations between the previous reporting period and the current reporting period.
Impact of hedging activities
Disclosure of effects of hedge accounting on financial position: NIL
Disclosure of effects of hedge accounting on financial performance:

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
33 Financial risk management (Contd.)
Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2026:
The company does not have any outstanding foreign exchange contracts in the nature of Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2026. The
details of impact for foreign exchange contracts taken during the year is as follows:
Nominal value
(J In Crore)
Hedge ratio*
Amount reclassified
to profit or loss
(J In Crore)
Line item affected in the
Statement of Profit and Loss
because of the reclassification
(J In Crore)
Foreign currency options
3,737.47
1:1
87.59
Revenue
The Company enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument match exactly with the terms of the
hedged item, so a qualitative assessment of effectiveness is performed. During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company did not
have any hedging instruments with terms which were not aligned with those of the hedged items.
Therefore, no ineffectiveness is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the year ended 31 March 2026.
Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2025:
During the year the Company did not undertake any foreign exchange hedging contracts in the nature of Cash flow hedge. The
company does not have any outstanding foreign exchange contracts in the nature of Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2025.
* The foreign exchange forward and option contracts are denominated in the same currency as the highly probable future sales,
therefore the hedge ratio is 1:1.
Maturity of outstanding contracts
The details in respect of the maturity of outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts are given below:
On foreign currency loan receivable:
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
Notional In
EURO Mn
(Sell)
MTM
Gain/(Loss)
(J In Crore)
Notional In
EURO Mn
(Sell)
MTM
Gain/(Loss)
(J In Crore)
Not later than 3 months
150.00
(10.49)
115.00
2.51
Total
150.00
(10.49)
115.00
2.51
Other risks
The Company has deployed its surplus funds into various financial instruments including units of mutual funds, bonds, fixed maturity
plans, exchange traded funds, index funds etc. The Company is exposed to price risk on such investments, which arises on account of
movement in interest rates, liquidity and credit quality of underlying securities.
The Company has invested its surplus funds primarily in debt based mutual funds and fixed maturity plans. The value of investment
in these mutual fund schemes is reflected though Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the Asset Management Company on daily basis.
The Company has not performed a sensitivity analysis on these mutual funds based on estimated fluctuations in their NAV as in
management s opinion, such analysis would not display a correct picture.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
34. Capital management
Objectives, policies and processes of capital management

For the purpose of the Company s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, securities premium and all other
equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Company. The primary objective of the Company s capital management
is to maximise the shareholder value. The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in
economic conditions and the requirements of the financial covenants. The Company is not exposed to any regulatory imposed
capital requirements.

The cash surpluses are currently invested in income generating debt instruments (including through mutual funds) and money
market instruments depending on economic conditions in line with the guidelines set out by the management. Safety of capital
is of prime importance to ensure availability of capital for operations. Investment objective is to provide safety and adequate
return on the surplus funds.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Equity
34,974.67
32,146.94
Less: Tangible and other assets
5,399.50
4,735.60

Working capital (excluding investments)
(538.10)
(1,158.89)

Investments in subsidiaries
5,703.88
4,201.95
Investments in debt and similar investments
24,409.39
24,368.28
No changes were made in the objectives, policies and processes of capital management during the year.
b) Dividends distributed and proposed
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Dividends recognised in the financial statements
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025 of H 210 (31 March 2024 - H 80)
per equity share, declared and paid
5,864.41
2,233.44
Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period
Directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of H 150 per equity share
(31 March 2025 - H 210). This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of
shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting.
4,192.47
5,864.41
Approval of Buyback

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act,2013 ( Act ) and the rules made thereunder, as amended, applicable provisions
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended ( Buyback Regulations )
and other applicable laws, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held today, i.e., Wednesday, 06 May 2026,
recommends buy-back of up to 4,694,000 fully paid-up equity shares of the Company having face value of H 10/- (Indian Rupees
Ten only) each ( Equity Shares ) (representing up to 1.68% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid-up equity share
capital of the Company), at a price of H 12,000 (Indian Rupees Twelve thousand only) per equity share payable in cash for an
aggregate amount of up to H 5,632.80 crore (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore And Eighty Lakh
Only) (excluding transaction costs such as brokerage cost, fees, turnover charges, expenses incurred or to be incurred for
the buyback like filing fees payable to the Securities and Exchange Board of India, advisors/legal fees, public announcement
publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, good and service
tax, stamp duty, etc. and other incidental and related expenses, etc.) on a proportionate basis through the Tender Offer route
as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and other applicable law, from the equity shareholders/beneficial owners of the
equity shares of the Company as on the record date, subject to approval of shareholders.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
35. Contingent liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
231.55
214.38
Excise, Service tax, GST and Customs matters under dispute
676.92
634.38
Income-tax matters
1,089.12
1,091.80
Value Added Tax (VAT)/Sales Tax matters under dispute
93.33
93.28
Claims made by temporary workmen
Pending before various judicial/appellate authorities in respect of similar matters adjudicated by the
Supreme Court. The matter is contingent on the facts and evidence presented before the courts/
adjudicating authorities and not necessarily likely to be influenced by the Supreme Court s order
Liability
Liability
In all the cases mentioned above, outflow is not probable and hence not provided by the Company.
36. Capital commitments
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Capital commitments, net of capital advances
178.55
128.58
Investments related commitments
5.53
322.32
37. Segment information
Segment information based on consolidated financial statements is given in note 44 to consolidated financial statements, which are
attached to these financial statements.
The Company s Core Management Committee (CMC), examines the Group s performance both from a product and geographical
perspective and has identified three reportable operative business segments. The Group s significant source of risk and rewards are
derived from Automotive business, Investments and Financing business, the performance of which is reviewed by the committee on
a periodic basis and hence considered as individual operative segments.
The business segments comprise the following:
Automotive
Investments
Financing
Others

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
38. Employee benefits
Liability for employee benefits has been determined by an actuary, appointed for the purpose, in conformity with the principles set
out in the Indian Accounting Standard 19 the details of which are as hereunder.
Funded schemes
Gratuity
The Company provides for gratuity and ex-gratia payments, if applicable, to employees. The gratuity and ex-gratia benefit (if any)
payable to the employees of the Company is greater or equal to the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 (as amended
from time to time, including consequent changes arising from the Code on Social Security,2020 and related rules). Employees who
are in continuous service for period as specified under the Act are eligible for gratuity and ex-gratia, if any. This plan is a funded plan
and the Company makes contributions to approved gratuity fund.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Amount recognised in Balance Sheet
526.13
457.23
(473.57)
(477.55)
52.56
(20.32)
Amount not recognised due to asset ceiling
-
1.46
52.56
(18.86)

29.18
27.93
Past service cost (See note 29A)
58.33
-
(1.20)
(1.91)
86.31
26.02
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
Opening amount recognised in OCI outside Statement of Profit and Loss
(2.72)
21.00
(5.20)
10.23
-
(10.51)
Experience adjustments
7.67
(10.21)
(0.81)
(9.53)
Adjustment to recognise the effect of asset ceiling
(1.55)
(3.70)
Closing amount recognised in OCI outside Statement of Profit and Loss
(2.61)
(2.72)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

(18.86)
(19.09)
86.31
26.02
Amount recognised outside Statement of Profit and Loss
0.11
(23.72)
Employer contributions
(15.00)
(2.07)
52.56
(18.86)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

457.23
471.15
29.18
27.93
58.33
-
28.52
29.76
(5.20)
10.23
-
(10.51)
7.67
(10.21)
Benefits paid
(49.60)
(54.44)
-
(6.68)
526.13
457.23
38 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Gratuity (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

477.55
495.05
Employer contributions
15.00
2.07
29.81
32.02
0.81
9.53
Benefits paid
(49.60)
(54.44)
-
(6.68)
473.57
477.55
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

473.57
477.55
Others
-
Grand Total
473.57
477.55

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Sensitivity Analysis
Gratuity is a lump sum plan and the cost of providing these benefits is typically less sensitive to small changes in demographic
assumptions. The key actuarial assumptions to which the benefit obligation results are particularly sensitive to are discount rate and
future salary escalation rate. The following table summarises the impact in percentage terms on the reported defined benefit obligation
(DBO) at the end of the reporting period arising on account of an increase or decrease in the reported assumption by 50 basis points.
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
Discount
Salary
Discount
Salary
Senior staff
(2.66%)
2.55%
(2.79%)
2.86%
2.82%
(2.42%)
2.96%
-2.73%
Junior staff
(3.56%)
3.11%
-3.49%
3.66%
3.86%
(2.84%)
3.79%
(3.41%)
These sensitivities have been calculated to show the movement in defined benefit obligation in isolation and assuming there are no
other changes in market conditions at the accounting date. There have been no changes from the previous periods in the methods
Funding arrangement and policy
The money contributed by the Company to the fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be invested.
The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to insurance companies. The insurance companies
in turn manage these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the trustees and the asset allocation which is within the
permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations.
There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully pre fund the liability of the Plan. The Company s philosophy is to fund the
benefits based on its own liquidity and tax position as well as level of under funding of the plan.
The expected contribution payable to the plan next year is H 40 crore
Particulars
Less than
Between
Between
3 -5 years
Over
5 years
Total

31. March 2026
Senior staff
84.31
23.98
51.76
234.66
394.71
Junior staff
78.56
32.41
68.76
397.88
577.61
31. March 2025
Senior staff
41.11
48.61
52.42
206.95
349.09
Junior staff
73.35
30.77
56.37
324.42
484.91
38 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Gratuity (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
As at 31 March
Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation (in years)
Senior Staff
5.47
5.75
Junior Staff
7.42
7.27
As at 31 March
Principal Actuarial Assumptions (Expressed as Weighted Averages)
7.00%
6.85%
10.00%
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, takes into account, inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors, such as demand
Provident Fund
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Amount recognised in Balance Sheet
Present value of funded defined benefit obligation
1,641.06
1,571.04
Fair Value of Plan Assets
(1,692.52)
(1,600.19)
(51.46)
(29.15)
Amount not recognised due to asset ceiling
51.46
29.15
-
47.98
45.85
Total expenses charged to Statement of Profit and Loss
47.98
45.85
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
Opening amount recognised in OCI outside Statement of Profit and Loss
-
71.58
48.76
-
Experience adjustments
(50.21)
(28.22)
(41.69)
4.28
Adjustment to recognise the effect of asset ceiling
20.32
(24.82)
Closing amount recognised in OCI outside Statement of Profit and Loss
-
38 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Gratuity (Contd.)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
-
47.98
45.85
Employer contributions
(47.98)
(45.85)
-
1,571.04
1,516.11
47.98
45.85
105.66
106.56
71.58
48.76
(50.21)
(28.22)
Employee contributions
81.15
80.53
Benefits paid
(183.79)
(176.61)
(2.35)
(21.94)
Closing defined benefit obligation
1,641.06
1,571.04
1,600.19
1,566.45
107.65
110.19
41.69
(4.28)
Employer contributions during the period
47.98
45.85
Employee contributions during the period
81.15
80.53
Benefits paid
(183.79)
(176.61)
(2.35)
(21.94)
1,692.52
1,600.19
38 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Provident Fund: (Contd)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Quoted
Government debt instruments
1,001.52
1,007.27
560.35
499.57
Others
66.87
30.08
Unquoted
-
Others
63.78
63.26
1,692.52
1,600.18
Particulars
As at 31 March
Key actuarial assumptions
7.00%
6.85%
Future derived return on assets (p.a.)
8.38%
8.22%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of the investment (p.a.)
6.55%
Average historic yield on the investment (p.a.)
7.93%
7.92%
Guaranteed rate of return (p.a.)
8.25%
38 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Provident Fund: (Contd.)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
38 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Unfunded schemes
Compensated absences
The compensated absences cover the Company s liability for casual, exigency and earned leave.
Entire amount of the provision is presented as current, since the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement
for any of these obligations. However, based on past experience, the Company does not expect all employees to take the full amount
of accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months. The following amounts reflect leave that is not expected to be taken
or paid within the next 12 months.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Compensated Absences
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
140.55
132.81
18.23
(4.47)

7.00%
6.85%

10.00%

10.00%
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Compensated absences expected to be settled after twelve months
112.53
103.30
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
8.33
8.37
7.75
8.70
Others
0.96
1.19
Defined benefit plans:
Gratuity (including exceptional items - See note 29A)
86.31
26.02
Provident fund paid to trust
47.98
45.85
Others
5.32
2.71
156.65
92.84

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
39 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24
Related party where control exists
Subsidiaries
Sr. No Name of the Entity
Sr. No Name of the Entity
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV
KTM Australia Pty Ltd.
PT Bajaj Auto Indonesia
HQVA Pty Ltd.
Bajaj Auto (Thailand) Limited
KTM Motorcycles Distributers NZ Limited
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda
KTM do Brasil Ltda
Bajaj Auto Spain, SL
KTM (SHANGHAI) MOTO CO. LTD.
Bajaj Auto Technology Limited (BATL),
earlier known as Chetak Technology Ltd.
Husqvarna Mobility GmbH
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited
KTM Informatics GmbH
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG
earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG
KTM Racing GmbH
Bajaj Mobility AG earlier known as PIERER Mobility AG
KTM MotoGP Racing GmbH
KTM AG
KTM Offroad Racing GmbH
KTM Sportmotorcycle GmbH
KTM Racing North America, Inc.
KTM North America Inc.
PIERER Produktion GmbH
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc.
earlier known as Husqvarna Motorcycles North America, Inc.
KTM Beteiligungs GmbH
Husqvarna Motorsports Inc.
KTM Immobilien GmbH
KTM Motorsports Inc.
KTM Logistikzentrum GmbH
WP Suspension North America Inc
KTM Sportmotorcycle India Private Limited
(Company is under liquidation)
KTM Canada Inc
KTM Motohall GmbH
PIERER IMMOREAL NORTH AMERICA LLC
WP Immobilien GmbH
KTM Japan K.K.
KTM Components GmbH
KTM Motorcycles S.A. Pty. Ltd.
KTM Forschungs & Entwicklungs GmbH
KTM Sportmotorcycle Mexico C.V. de S.A.
Cero Design Studio S.L.
KTM Sportmotorcycle Deutschland GmbH
CFMOTO Motorcycles Distributions GmbH
KTM Switzerland Ltd.
WP Suspension GmbH
KTM Sportmotorcycle UK Ltd.
GASGAS GmbH
KTM-Sportmotorcycle Espana S.L.
GASGAS Motorcycles Espana SLU
KTM Sportmotorcycle France SAS
Avocodo GmbH
KTM Sportmotorcycle Italia S.r.l.
PIERER New Mobility GmbH
KTM-Sportmotorcycle Nederland B.V.
PIERER New Mobility Deutschland GmbH
KTM Sportmotorcycle Scandinavia AB
PIERER New Mobility North America Inc
KTM Sportmotorcycle Benelux S.A.
PIERER NEW MOBILITY AUSTRALIA PTY LTD
KTM Sportmotorcycle Hungaria Kft.
PIERER New Mobility Bulgaria OOD
KTM Central East Europe s.r.o.
PIERER New Mobility S.A. Pty Ltd.
KTM Osterreich GmbH
Felt Bicycles GmbH
KTM Nordic Oy
PIERER E-Commerce GmbH
KTM Sportmotorcycle d.o.o.
PIERER E-Commerce North America Inc
KTM Czech Republic s.r.o.
Platin 1483. GmbH (Company is under liquidation)
KTM Sportmotorcycle SEA PTE. Ltd.
PIERER & MAXCOM MOBILITY OOD
KTM Australia Holding Pty Ltd.
Related parties listed from Sr. No. 8 to 75 were associates in the previous year and became subsidiaries with effect from
18 November 2025. Accordingly, transactions disclosed for the previous year pertain to the period when they were associates,
while current year disclosures include transactions for periods when they were both associates and subsidiaries.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
2025-26
2024-25
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
A
Subsidiaries
PT.Bajaj Auto Indonesia
Contribution to equity (411,875 shares of USD 3 each)
-
6.17
-
6.17
(99.25% shares held by Bajaj Auto Ltd.)
Provision for diminution in value of investment
-
(2.17)
-
(2.17)
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV
(3,230,000 shares of Euro 100 each)
1,201.94
2,420.66
-
1,218.72
Contribution to capital and/or Loan Amount*
323.54
1,366.56
1,043.02
Interest income on loan
103.24
26.18
7.07
(449,997 shares of THB 100 each)
-
10.54
-
10.54
Services received
-
13.78
(4.23)
(470,000,000 shares of H 10 each)
-
470.00
-
470.00
Services received (including royalty, reimbursement of expenses etc)
-
Billed
217.46
-
76.96
(20.13)
-
Unbilled
74.98
(74.98)
10.66
(10.66)
Services rendered (including reimbursement of expenses )
-
Billed
23.48
-
25.12
-
-
Unbilled
-
7.82
Advance given
-
37.35
-
Purchases
0.03
-
0.65
-
Purchase of intangible assets
27.01
(7.94)
-
Contribution to capital
(2,700,000,000 shares of H 10 each)
300.00
2,700.00
2,105.00
2,400.00
Investment in Subordinated Debentures
500.00
-
Interest on Subordinated Debentures
19.29
-
Service received (including reimbursement of expenses)
20.70
-
0.11
-
Service rendered (including reimbursement of expenses)
33.31
4.94
15.81
-
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda
(57,500,000 shares of Reais 1 each)
-
93.52
8.53
93.52
Sale of material
492.21
316.47
327.03
200.05
Bajaj Auto Spain S.L.U. (Fully owned subsidiary)
Contribution to equity (6,000 shares of Euro 100 each)
-
5.16
-
5.16
Services received
0.48
-
15.37
(0.59)
KTM AG
129.67
55.88
102.22
(91.15)
0.57
-
9.46
-
1.06
-
1.76
-
KTM Sportmotorcycle GmbH
1,368.71
160.64
452.60
59.37
-
Billed
33.28
-
24.43
-
-
Unbilled
15.97
(15.97)
11.10
(11.10)
14.35
-
0.24
-
1.43
-
2.83
-
KTM Sportmotorcycle India Pvt. Ltd.
-
Billed
10.80
-
6.23
-
-
Unbilled
-
2.79
(2.79)
-
Billed
7.91
-
4.98
(0.42)
-
Unbilled
-
1.65
0.02
-
KTM Forschungs & Entwicklungs Gmbh
0.07
0.21
2.13
0.11
KTM Australia PTY
0.17
-
39 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24
(H In Crore)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
2025-26
2024-25
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Husqvarna Motorcycles GmbH
16.50
(0.02)
89.43
(0.20)
-
Billed
0.09
-
0.47
-
-
Unbilled
-
0.05
(0.05)
Purchase of accessories and other credits
-
0.02
-
KTM North America
62.09
0.78
-
B
Associates, joint ventures and investing parties:
Investment in shares by BHIL [95,547,251 shares of H. 10 each]
-
(95.55)
-
(95.55)
(Investing party - holds 34.21% shares of Bajaj Auto
Ltd.)
Purchase of shares by BAL
[3,500,000 shares of H. 10 each]
-
1,111.49
-
1,111.49
Dividend paid
2,006.49
-
764.38
-
Dividend received
32.55
-
30.10
-
Business support service received
30.74
-
33.54
-
2.67
-
1.28
-
Key management personnel and their relatives:
Rajiv Bajaj (Managing Director)
Short-term employee benefits (including Commission)
55.14
(35.21)
54.85
(35.21)
3.73
-
3.73
-
3.40
-
3.24
-
Deposit paid against premises taken on lease
-
1.92
-
1.92
Pradeep Shrivastava (Executive Director)
20.03
-
27.34
-
1.07
-
0.99
-
4.29
-
10.53
-
2.88
-
2.62
-
Rakesh Sharma (Executive Director)
14.35
-
15.94
-
0.95
-
0.87
-
1.20
-
2.88
-
2.62
-
Sanjiv Bajaj
Sitting fees
0.06
-
0.08
-
Commission
0.19
(0.19)
0.25
(0.25)
Niraj Bajaj (Chairman)
Sitting Fees
0.11
-
0.13
-
Commission
0.35
(0.35)
0.41
(0.41)
Rishabnayan Bajaj
Renumeration including perquisites
0.57
-
0.44
-
Other entities/persons: (Employee benefit plans, independent directors, and entities where persons under Ind AS 24
para 9(a) hold significant influence, control, joint control, or acts as KMP)
Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
0.04
-
0.11
-
Bajaj Finance Ltd.
Investment in shares by BFL (150 shares of H 10 each) - H 1,500
-
Service rendered
31.69
(0.08)
30.30
(0.06)
Service received
6.93
0.03
1.68
(0.33)
-
(0.21)
-
(0.21)
Investment in fixed deposit
745.00
-
280.00
(Redemption) of fixed deposit
(280.00)
-
(220.00)
-
Interest income/(reversal) on fixed deposit
31.33
22.30
29.76
15.39
Dividend paid
-
Bajaj General Insurance Co. Ltd.
(earlier known as Bajaj Allianz General Insurance
Co. Ltd.)
Insurance premiums paid
24.80
4.97
26.21
12.66
Claims received/receivable
2.89
-
0.26
-
39 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Contd.)
(H In Crore)

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
2025-26
2024-25
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Bajaj Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (earlier known as Bajaj
Allianz Life Insurance Co. Ltd.)
Investment in shares by BALIC
(125,000 shares of H 10 each)
-
(0.13)
-
(0.13)
Insurance premiums paid/(refunded)
0.98
-
1.26
-
Dividend paid
2.63
-
1.00
-
Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd.
Services rendered
3.04
-
2.38
-
(0.03)
-
(0.03)
Bajaj Electricals Ltd.
Purchases (including services received)
-
(0.11)
-
(0.11)
Hind Musafir Agency Ltd.
Services received
-
12.36
(0.02)
Hindustan Housing Co. Ltd.
Maintenance charges paid
0.26
-
0.23
0.03
Maharashtra Scooters Ltd.
Investment in shares by MSL (6,927,794 shares of H 10 each)
-
(6.93)
-
(6.88)
Dividend paid
144.47
-
55.03
-
Purchases
-
0.18
-
Services rendered
0.01
-
0.03
-
Rishabh Family Trust
1.14
-
0.36
(0.32)
Security deposit paid
0.25
-
Bajaj Auto Holdings Ltd.
Business Support Services Rendered
0.01
-
Forbes Marshall Pvt Ltd.
Purchases of spare, accessories and others
-
0.06
-
Bajaj Auto Employees Group Gratuity Fund
Gratuity contribution
14.32
-
3.70
-
Bajaj Auto Senior Staff Group Gratuity Fund
Gratuity contribution
6.00
-
1.00
-
Bajaj Auto Employees Superannuation Fund
Superannuation contribution
8.33
-
8.37
-
Bajaj Auto Limited Provident Fund
Provident fund contribution (Employer's share)
47.98
(3.29)
45.85
(1.15)
Kiska GmbH
Services received
-
1.90
-
Naushad D Forbes
Sitting fees
0.18
-
0.18
-
Commission
0.57
(0.57)
0.57
(0.57)
Anami N. Roy
Sitting fees
0.15
-
0.16
(0.01)
Commission
0.47
(0.47)
0.50
(0.50)
Pradip Shah
Sitting fees
0.16
-
0.17
(0.01)
Commission
0.50
(0.50)
0.54
(0.54)
Vinita Bali
Sitting fees
0.15
-
0.11
-
Commission
0.47
(0.47)
0.35
(0.35)
Abhinav Bindra
Sitting fees
0.13
-
0.15
-
Commission
0.41
(0.41)
0.47
(0.47)
Sangita Reddy
Sitting fees
0.05
-
0.04
-
Commission
0.16
(0.16)
0.13
(0.13)
Indian School of Business
Services received
0.11
-
Transaction values are excluding taxes and duties.
Transactions where the Company act as an intermediary and passed through Company s books of accounts are not in nature of related party transaction and hence are not disclosed.
Name of the related party and nature of the related party relationship where control exists have been disclosed irrespective of whether or not there have been transactions between the related parties. In other cases, disclosure has been made only
when there have been transactions with those parties.
Related parties as defined under clause 9 of the Indian Accounting Standard - 24 Related Party Disclosures have been identified based on representations made by key managerial personnel and information available with the Company.
All above transactions are in the ordinary course of business and on arms length basis. All outstanding balances are unsecured, repayable in cash, and no impairment or provision has been recorded against such balances.
Outstanding balances denominated in foreign currency are disclosed based on the amounts recorded at the date of the underlying transaction. These disclosures do not include the impact of subsequent foreign exchange remeasurement/revaluation,
if any, as at the reporting date.
Short-term employee benefits, including remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel and other related parties, are disclosed in accordance with the Companies Act,2013.
*The loan has been/will be utilised by Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV (BAIHBV) for the purpose for which IT was obtained (refer footnote to note 6 of standalone financial statements for details, terms, and conditions). The outstanding amount does
not reflect the impact of forex mark-to-market (MTM) changes.
39 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Contd.)
(H In Crore)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
40. Lease
41 Expenditure incurred on Research and Development
(H In Crore)
Particulars
a. Revenue expenditure - charged to Statement of Profit and Loss
566.76
574.10
b. Revenue expenditure - capitalised
-
c. Capital expenditure - excluding building
126.05
51.56
d. Capital expenditure - building
-
692.81
625.66
42. Ratios
As at/For the year ended 31 March
Particulars
Remarks
Numerator
Denominator
(a) Current ratio
Current assets
Current liabilities
1.71
1.49
(b) Debt equity ratio
As no outstanding debt hence no Debt equity
ratio applicable
Total debt
Shareholder s equity
-
0.02
(c) Debt service coverage ratio
As no outstanding debt hence no Debt
servicing obligation
Earnings for debt service
Debt service
-
9.93
(d) Return on equity ratio
Average shareholder s equity
29.3%
28.6%
(e) Inventory turnover ratio
Material cost
Avg. inventory
19.10
19.34
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio
Avg. trade receivables
22.47
21.91
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio
Purchases
Trade payables
6.11
6.06
(h) Net capital turnover ratio
Decrease is due to higher total income and
increase in working capital
Total income
Working capital
8.69
11.62
(i) Net profit ratio
Total income
16.3%
15.8%
(j) Return on capital employed
Capital employed
36.3%
33.1%
(k) Return on investments
Average shareholder s equity
38.9%
38.8%
As a lessor
The Company has given premises on operating leases. These lease arrangements range for a period between ten months to ten
years and include both cancellable and non cancellable leases. Most of the leases are renewable for further period on mutually
agreeable terms and also include escalation clauses.
The total future minimum lease rentals for non-cancellable leases, receivable at the Balance Sheet date is as under:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Receivable
Within one year
40.16
36.91
After one year but not more than five years
60.26
58.63
More than five years
0.40
0.93
100.82
96.47

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
43 Share based payments (Employee stock option plans)
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 30 January 2019, approved an Employee Stock Options Scheme ( ESOS ). Pursuant to
the scheme stock options up to a maximum of 0.17% of the then issued equity capital of the Company aggregating to 5,000,000 equity
shares of the face value of H 10 each can be issued in a manner provided in the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations,2014
as amended. The shareholders of the Company vide their special resolution passed through postal ballot on 13 March 2019 approved
the issue of equity shares of the Company under one or more Employee Stock Option Scheme(s).
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company has approved the following grants to select senior level executives of the
Company in accordance with the Stock Option Scheme. The details of grants made as of 31 March 2026 are given in below tables:
Particulars
31. March 2026
Grant date
17. May 2019
29. April 2021
27. April 2022
25. April 2023
18. April 2024
29. May 2025
No. of options granted
2,87,636
2,77,116
4,47,692
4,75,268
3,12,128
3,80,048
Exercise price (H)
2,942.65
3,889.75
3,892.10
4,332.10
8,919.15
8,849.00
Weighted average fair value (H)
827.52
1,091.44
959.75
1,143.72
3,029.51
2,360.01
Total for all grants
No. of options
Range of
Weighted
Weighted
remaining
contractual life
(years)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
12,27,981
663.31 - 3550.05
1,015.83
5.36
Granted during the year
3,80,048
1939.71 - 2732.98
2,360.01
6.48
Cancelled during the year
31,295
854.21 - 3550.05
2,300.76
NA
Expired during the year
-
NA
Exercised during the year
1,33,366
663.31 - 2367.83
1,070.89
NA
14,43,368
790.94 - 3550.05
1,801.12
5.03
Vested and exercisable at the end of the year
5,36,425
790.94 - 2367.83
1,201.16
3.25
Method used for accounting for share based payment plan:
The Company has used the fair value method to account for the compensation cost of stock options to employees. The fair value of
options used are estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The key assumptions used in Black Scholes model
for calculating fair value as on the date of grants are:
Grant date
Risk Free
interest rate
Expected life
Expected
volatility
Dividend yield
Price of the underlying
share in the market at the
time of the option grant (J)
17. May 2019
6.88% to 7.26%
22.18% to 23.79%
2.04%
2,942.65
29. April 2021
5.18% to 6.08%
29.35% to 26.65%
2.06%
3,889.75
27. April 2022
6.15% to 6.82%
26.03% to 28.79%
3.60%
3,892.10
25. April 2023
6.87% to 7.00%
25.93% to 28.37%
3.22%
4,332.10
18. April 2024
7.06% to 7.08%
23.79% to 26.42%
0.90%
8,919.15
29. May 2025
5.79% to 5.98%
25.26% to 27.18%
2.37%
8,849.00
For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company has accounted expense of H 70.60 crore as employee benefit expenses (See note 26)
on the aforesaid employee stock option plan (Previous year H 64.87 crore). The balance in employee stock option outstanding account
is H 163.58 crore as of 31 March 2026 (Previous year H 99.44 crore).

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Considering the Company has been extended credit period upto 45 days by its vendors and payments being released on a timely
basis, there is no liability towards interest on delayed payments under The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development
Act 2006 during the year. There is also no amount of outstanding interest in this regard, brought forward from previous years.
Information in this regard is on basis of intimation received, on requests made by the Company, with regards to registration of
vendors under the said Act.
44. MSME disclosure
45. Miscellaneous
There have been no material events after the reporting date that require disclosure in these financial statements.
Amounts less than H 50,000 have been shown at actual against respective line items statutorily required to be disclosed.
The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Company for
holding any Benami property.
The Company has performed the assessment to identify transactions with struck off companies as at 31 March 2026 and 31
March 2025 and identified no company with any transactions.
The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties
(as defined under the Companies Act,2013), either severally or jointly with any other person other than disclosed in note 6.
g.
No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind
of funds by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries except as stated below. The Company has complied with
the relevant provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Companies Act,2013 for the said transactions,
and these transactions are not violative of the Prevention of Money-Laundering Act,2002.

The Company on 03 April 2025 has advanced loan of H 324 crore (Euro 35 million) and on 16 May 2025 invested H 1,202 crore
(Euro 125 million) in equity shares of Bajaj Auto International Holding B.V. (Netherlands) ( BAIHBV ), a wholly owned subsidiary.

Of this (including Euro 15 million out of previous year balance), BAIHBV further invested in convertible bonds amounting to
H 467 crore (Euro 50 million) on 03 April 2025 and H 1,209 crore (Euro 125 million) on 22 May 2025 in its subsidiary Bajaj Auto
International Holding AG ( BAIH AG ).

BAIH AG, in turn, invested in its subsidiary, Bajaj Mobility AG, Austria, which ultimately deployed the funds into KTM AG,
Austria (a subsidiary of Bajaj Mobility AG), to facilitate the funding requirements of KTM AG towards the phased resumption of
production and its operating costs. The said transactions has been executed within the framework defined by the Administrator
in Austria.

The Company on 24 February 2025 has advanced loan of H 1,043 crore (Euro 115 million) (excluding impact of forex mark-to-
market (MTM) changes) to Bajaj Auto International Holding B.V. (Netherlands) ( BAIHBV ), a wholly owned subsidiary. Of this,
BAIHBV further granted a loan amounting of H 456 crore (Euro 50 million) on 24 February 2025 and invested in convertible
bonds amounting to H 460 crore (Euro 50 million) on 31 March 2025 ultimately into KTM AG, Austria (subsidiary of Bajaj Mobility
AG, Austria) through its associate Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG - to Bajaj Mobility AG, Austria (subsidiary of Bajaj
Auto International Holdings AG, Austria) to facilitate the funding needs of KTM AG, Austria towards the phased resumption of
production at KTM AG and its operating costs. The said transactions has been executed within the framework defined by the
Administrator in Austria.
h.
No funds have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries )
or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or Government or any
Government authority.
j.
The Company has not been sanctioned working capital limits from banks or financial institutions during any point of time of the
year on the basis of security of current assets.

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
k.
The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
l.
31 March 2026: The Company has used accounting software SAP-S4 HANA for maintaining its books of account which has a
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions
recorded in the software. Further, audit trail feature has not been tampered with in respect of accounting software where
the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the Company has recorded and preserved audit trail in full compliance with the
requirements of section 128(5) of the Companies Act,2013. Further, in respect of the FY 2024-25, the Company has preserved
the requirements of recording audit trail to the extent IT was enabled and recorded in prior year.

31 March 2025: The Company has used accounting software SAP-S4 HANA for maintaining its books of account which has a
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions
recorded in the software. Further, audit trail feature has not been tampered with in respect of accounting software where
the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the Company has recorded and preserved audit trail in full compliance with the
requirements of section 128(5) of the Companies Act,2013. Further, in respect of the FY 2023-24, the Company has preserved
the requirements of recording audit trail to the extent IT was enabled and recorded in prior year.
m.
The Company holds investment in Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited (listed entity) and Yulu Bikes Private Limited. Changes
in fair value in respect of these investments is accounted for in other comprehensive income. In compliance with Ind AS 12, the
Company was making accounting provisions for Deferred Tax as per applicable law on changes in fair value on this investment.
For the listed entity, the Finance (No. 2) Act,2024 changed the tax rate with respect to long-term capital gains from 10% plus
surcharge and cess to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess.

Further, for the unlisted entity, the said Act withdrew the indexation benefit on long-term capital gains and the tax rate was
changed from 20% plus surcharge and cess (with indexation) to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess (without indexation).
Due to the aforesaid changes, the accounting provision for Deferred Tax created on changes in fair value has been consequently
increased by H 75.80 crore while computing the other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2025.

IT is to be noted that only a provision is being made in the books of accounts at this point of time to record the Deferred Tax, in
line with the applicable accounting standards and the recently enacted tax change. The actual payment of tax would be made
at the time of sale/transfer of these investments. The cash outflow towards tax could be different at the time of sale/transfer
n.
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) issued the Environment Protection (End-of-Life Vehicles)
Rules,2025 (ELV rules), effective from 1 April 2025. In accordance with ELV rules, Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR)
obligations are imposed on producers (including vehicle manufacturers ) for the scrapping of End-of-Life Vehicles. As the
pricing mechanism for EPR certificates has not yet been notified by MoEFCC, amongst other things, the Company is currently
unable to reliably estimate its obligation and believes that IT will be able to estimate the same once all the measurement
framework for determining the reliable estimate is established.
o.
The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
p.
Figures for previous year/period have been regrouped wherever necessary.
45 Miscellaneous (Contd.)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)

Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

100. Years of Bajaj Group

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements
To the Members of Bajaj Auto Ltd.
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Bajaj Auto Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Holding
Company ), its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the Group ) and its associates
comprising of the consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, including Other
Comprehensive Income, the consolidated Cash Flow Statement and the consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of
reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the subsidiaries and its associates,
the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended ( the Act ) in
the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the
consolidated state of affairs of the Group and its associates as at 31 March 2026, their consolidated profit including other comprehensive
income, their consolidated cash flows and the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified under
section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and its associates in accordance
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant
to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements for the financial year ended 31 March 2026. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled
the responsibilities described in the Auditor s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our
report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond
to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of audit procedures
performed by us and by other auditors of components not audited by us, as reported by them in their audit reports furnished to us by
the management, including those procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Accounting for business combination (acquisition of controlling stake in KTM Group) (as described in Note 1 (B.3)
and Note 46 of the consolidated financial statements)
On 18 November 2025, the Group, through its wholly owned subsidiary
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV ( BAIH ), acquired remaining
50.1% equity shares of its erstwhile associate, Bajaj Auto International
Holdings AG (formerly known as Pierer Bajaj AG) ( BAIHAG ). As a
result of this transaction, BAIHAG became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Group.
Consequent to the above acquisition and resultant change in control,
the Group now also holds an effective 74.9% equity interest in Bajaj
Mobility AG and KTM AG (collectively referred to as the KTM Group )
through BAIHAG.
auditor of BAIHAG amongst others included the following:
l Obtained an understanding of the acquisition structure and
transaction documents, including call option agreement, to assess
management s conclusion that the transaction meets the
definition of a business combination under Ind AS 103;
l Evaluated management s identification of the acquisition date,
determination of control, and computation of purchase
consideration, including the completeness and accuracy of
amounts recognized;
l Assessed the process and internal controls implemented by the
Group for identifying and recognising the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed and recognising non-controlling interest;

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
The management has determined that the aforesaid acquisition
qualifies as a business combination and has accounted for the same
in accordance with Ind AS 103, Business Combinations . Accordingly,
the Group has recognised identifiable assets acquired, liabilities
assumed and non-controlling interest at their respective fair values as
at the acquisition date, with the excess of fair value of net identifiable
assets recognised over the consideration transferred as capital
reserve.
Accounting for business combinations is an area of significant
complexity and involves substantial judgement by management,
including the identification of assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
accounting for non-controlling interest, determination of the
acquisition date, selection and application of appropriate valuation
techniques, and use of significant assumptions and estimates. The
process also requires involvement of senior management and
external valuation specialists for fair value measurement of assets
and liabilities.
Given the degree of management judgement, estimation uncertainty,
and the materiality of the amounts involved, we identified the
accounting for this business combination as a Key Audit Matter.
l Involved valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the valuation
methodologies, key assumptions (including discount rates, growth
rates, forecast cash flows, and market comparables), and
underlying data used by management in determining the fair value
of identifiable assets and liabilities of KTM Group and fair value of
previously held 49.9% stake in BAIHAG to arrive at purchase
consideration;
l Performed procedures to test the arithmetical accuracy of the fair
value calculations and the resulting capital reserve recognised on
acquisition;
l Evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgements and
estimates, with particular focus on significant assumptions that
are sensitive to changes and could have a material impact on the
Group s financial statements.
l Reviewed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures made
in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the
requirements of Ind AS 103.
Impairment of Loans to customers under financing activity based on expected credit loss model as described in note 1(B.9) and
note 6 of the consolidated financial statements
Loans to customers under financing activity, represents a significant
portion of the total assets of the Group and are conducted through
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited ( BACL ), a wholly owned subsidiary. The
Group has Loans to customers under financing activity aggregating to
H 18,449.55 crore as at 31 March 2026.
As per the expected credit loss (ECL) model of the Group developed in
accordance with the principles set out in Ind-AS 109 on Financial
Instruments, the Group is required to estimate the ECL based on past
experience and future considerations. This involves application of a
significant degree of estimation and judgement by the management,
inter alia, for portfolio segmentation, determination of staging;
estimation of probability of defaults (PD), loss given default
(LGD), exposure at default (EAD); and forward-looking factors in
estimating ECL.
In view of the above and the overall significance of the impairment
allowance to the consolidated financial statements, IT is considered as
a Key Audit Matter.
auditor of the subsidiary amongst others included the following:
l Read and assessed the Group s accounting policies for impairment
of financial assets and their compliance with Ind AS 109 and the
governance framework approved by the subsidiary s Board of
Directors pursuant to Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
l Obtained an understanding of the methodology adopted by the
management to determine PD, LGD, EAD for various loans
products and tested the same on a sample basis.
l Evaluated design and implementation and tested operating
effectiveness of the controls in the process of impairment of loans
to customers.
l Evaluated the reasonableness of the Management estimates and
related assumptions and tested the controls around data
extraction and validation.
l Assessed the criteria for staging of loans based on their past-due
status to check compliance with requirement of Ind AS 109.
Tested a sample of performing loans to assess whether any
significant increase in credit risk (SICR) or loss indicators were
present requiring them to be classified under higher stages.
l Tested the inputs used on a sample basis and the arithmetical
accuracy of the ECL computation.
l Assessed disclosures included in the consolidated financial
statements in respect of impairment loss allowance.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Derecognition of trade receivables under factoring arrangements (as described in note 10 of the
consolidated financial statements)
The BAIHAG Group enters into non-recourse factoring
arrangements for its trade receivables with various
banks/financial institutions. As at 31 March 2026, the Group
derecognised trade receivables amounting to H 889.49 crore.
The Group derecognises the receivables from its books if IT
transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
of the financial asset (i.e. receivables).
The assessment of derecognition of trade receivables under
the factoring arrangements is complex and requires
significant judgement.
Accordingly, this has been identified as a key audit matter in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements.
auditor of the subsidiary amongst others included the following:
l Evaluated the assessment made by management in respect of
transfer of substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the
financial asset under the factoring contracts;
l Read factoring contracts to understand the terms and assessed if
they qualify as non-recourse arrangements and further assessed
if the accounting treatment is as per the requirements of Ind AS
109, Financial Instruments ;
l Assessed the adequacy of disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements for compliance with the relevant accounting
standard requirements.
Other information
The Holding Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Chairman s letter, Management Discussion and Analysis, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate
Governance and Directors Report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there
is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial statements
The Holding Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial
statements in terms of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated
financial performance including other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in
equity of the Group including and its associates in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associates
are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the
assets of their respective companies and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of
its associates are responsible for assessing the ability of their respective companies to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those respective Board of Directors/those charged with governance of the companies included in the Group and of its associates are
also responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of their respective companies.
Auditor s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect
a material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the
Holding Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
ability of the Group and its associates to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
required to draw attention in our auditor s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of
our auditor s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and its associates to cease to continue as a
going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
fair presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group and its associates of which we are the independent auditors and whose financial information we have audited, to
express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance
of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the
independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by other
auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by
them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the consolidated
financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 March 2026 and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other matter
We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of 73 subsidiaries, whose financial statements
include total assets of H 39,190.53 crore as at 31 March 2026, and total revenues of H 5,334.56 crore and net cash outflows of
H 116.82 crore for the year ended on that date. These financial statement and other financial information have been audited by other

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
auditors, which financial statements, other financial information and auditor s reports have been furnished to us by the management.
The consolidated financial statements also include the Group s share of net loss of H 1,038.07 crore for the year ended 31 March
2026, as considered in the consolidated financial statements, in respect of 5 associates (including 1 erstwhile associate), whose
financial statements, other financial information have been audited by other auditors and whose reports have been furnished to us by
the Management. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts and disclosures included
in respect of these subsidiaries and associates, and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as IT
relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries and associates, is based solely on the report(s) of such other auditors.
Certain of these subsidiaries and associates are located outside India whose financial statements and other financial information
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries and which have
been audited by other auditors under generally accepted auditing standards applicable in their respective countries. The Holding
Company s management has converted the financial statements of such subsidiaries and associates located outside India from
accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries to accounting principles generally accepted in India. We
have audited these conversion adjustments made by the Holding Company s management. Our opinion in so far as IT relates to
the balances and affairs of such subsidiaries and associates located outside India is based on the report of other auditors and the
conversion adjustments prepared by the management of the Holding Company and audited by us.
Our opinion above on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is
not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 ( the Order ), issued by the Central Government of India in
terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other auditors
on separate financial statements and the other financial information of the subsidiary companies, incorporated in India and to
the extent applicable, as noted in the Other Matter paragraph are as given below on the matters as specified as in paragraph
3(xxi) of the Order. The Holding Company did not have any associate company incorporated in India and did not exercise joint
control over any entity incorporated in India.

Qualification and adverse remarks by the auditor in the Companies (Audit Report) Order, 2020 (CARO) reports of the companies
included in the consolidated financial statements are:
S. No
Name
CIN
Nature of
Clause number of CARO report
which is qualified or adverse
U65929PN2021PLC206668
Subsidiary
Clause iii (c)
U65929PN2021PLC206668
Subsidiary
Clause iii (d)
U65929PN2021PLC206668
Subsidiary
Clause xi (a)
U65929PN2021PLC206668
Subsidiary
Clause xi (c)
2.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other auditors on separate
financial statements and the other financial information of subsidiaries, as noted in the other matter paragraph we report, to
the extent applicable, that:
We/the other auditors whose report we have relied upon have sought and obtained all the information and explanations
which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidation of the financial
statements have been kept so far as IT appears from our examination of those books and reports of the other auditors.
The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of Other
Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the
consolidated financial statements;
In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 31 March 2026
taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors who are
appointed under Section 139 of the Act, of its subsidiary companies, none of the directors of the Group s companies,
incorporated in India, is disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of
the Act. The Holding Company did not have any associate company incorporated in India and did not exercise joint control
over any entity incorporated in India.
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of the
Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, incorporated in India, and the operating effectiveness of such controls,
refer to our separate Report in Annexure 1 to this report. The Holding Company did not have any associate company
incorporated in India and did not exercise joint control over any entity incorporated in India;
(g)
In our opinion and based on the consideration of reports of other statutory auditors of the subsidiary incorporated in India,
the managerial remuneration for the year ended 31 March 2026 has been paid/provided by the Holding Company and its
subsidiaries incorporated in India to their directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule
V to the Act. The Holding Company did not have any associate company incorporated in India and did not exercise joint
control over any entity incorporated in India.
(h)
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial
statements as also the other financial information of the subsidiaries, as noted in the Other matter paragraph:

The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on its consolidated financial
position of the Group and its associates in its consolidated financial statements - Refer Note 38 to the consolidated

Provision has been in the consolidated financial statements, as required under the applicable law or accounting
standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts - refer note
18 to the consolidated financial statements in respect of such items as IT related to the Group.

There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries, incorporated in India during the year ended
31 March 2026.
The respective managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated
in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act have represented to us and the other
auditors of such subsidiaries respectively that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed
in the note 50(g) to the consolidated financial statements, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company
or any of such subsidiaries to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the
respective Holding Company or any of such subsidiaries ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

The respective managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated
in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act have represented to us and the other
auditors of such subsidiaries, respectively that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, and read with note 50(h)
to the consolidated financial statements, no funds have been received by the respective Holding Company
or any of such subsidiaries from any person or entity, including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Holding Company or any of such subsidiaries
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or
the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances
performed by us and that performed by the auditors of the subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in
India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our or other auditor s
notice that has caused us or the other auditors to believe that the representations under sub-clause (a) and (b)
contain any material mis-statement.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Independent Auditors Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)

The final dividend paid by the Holding Company during the year in respect of the same declared for the previous year
is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to payment of dividend.

As stated in note 37(b) to the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Holding Company have
proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members of the respective companies at
the respective ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to
the extent IT applies to declaration of dividend.

Based on our examination which included test checks, the Holding Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in
India have used accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the
software as referred in note 50(l) to the consolidated financial statements. Further, during the course of our audit
we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been
preserved by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in India as per the statutory requirements
for record retention to the extent IT was enabled and recorded in the prior years, as stated in note 50(l) to the
consolidated financial statements.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
UDIN: 26105754VJIKHF7233
Pune: 06 May 2026

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AUDIT REPORT
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report
Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under the heading Report on other legal and regulatory requirements of our report of
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act,2013 (the Act )
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Bajaj Auto Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Holding
Company ) as of and for the year ended 31 March 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as
the Group ), which are companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management s responsibility for internal financial controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, which are companies incorporated in India, are responsible
for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established
by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company s policies, the safeguarding
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor s responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding Company's internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) and the Standards on Auditing, specified under section 143(10) of the Act, to
the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both, issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require
that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement,
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control with reference to
consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report (Contd.)
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Group, which are companies incorporated in India, have, maintained in all material respects, adequate internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements and such internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal control over financial
reporting criteria established by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
Other matters
Our report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company, in so far as IT relates to One (1) subsidiary, which is company incorporated
in India, is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such subsidiary incorporated in India. The Holding Company did not
have any associate company, incorporated in India and did not exercise joint control over any entity incorporated in India.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
UDIN: 26105754VJIKHF7233
Pune: 06 May 2026

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BALANCE SHEET
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

ASSETS
7,727.31
3,588.74
120.32
29.20
Investment property
48.31
47.78
Intangible assets
4,185.38
40.07
1,400.73
31.60
Investments in associate
5A
169.18
3,688.27
Financial assets

Investments
5B
16,661.34
19,323.58

Loans
10,887.85
6,450.97

364.08
124.83
Deferred tax assets (net)
309.01
88.69
Income tax assets (net)
1,230.16
1,251.90
Other non-current assets
67.51
87.05
43,171.18
34,752.68
Current assets
Inventories
6,294.49
2,077.36
Financial assets
Investments
5B
7,811.66
5,902.02
Trade receivables
3,473.44
2,125.22
2,989.97
2,331.53
81.92
516.07
Loans
7,936.17
3,465.19
2,710.95
2,167.73
Other current assets
2,678.53
860.81
33,977.13
19,445.93
Asset held for sale
74.68
-
Total
77,222.99
54,198.61

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital
279.50
279.26
Other equity
38,552.49
34,909.48
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
38,831.99
35,188.74
1,388.43
0.01
Total equity
40,220.42
35,188.75
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
15,338.94
6,082.74
Lease liabilities
469.07
-
73.30
127.64
69.95
50.22
Provisions
367.64
14.33
1,304.30
1,123.03
Government grant
25.38
28.04
Other non-current liabilities
15.83
0.05
17,664.41
7,426.05
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
6,641.65
3,153.78
Lease liabilities
190.19
-
Trade payables
222.94
253.56
8,581.07
6,119.15
1,344.02
743.57
Other current liabilities
1,243.82
813.61
Provisions
699.12
261.72
Government grant
2.65
412.70
235.77
19,338.16
11,583.81
Total
77,222.99
54,198.61
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 6 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PROFIT AND LOSS
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Revenue from contracts with customers & financial services
60,386.43
49,266.95
2,518.57
1,727.60
Total Revenue from operations
62,905.00
50,994.55
Other income
2,182.22
1,474.41
Total income
65,087.22
52,468.96
Expenses
Cost of raw materials and components consumed
38,760.86
32,194.31
Purchase of traded goods
3,254.63
3,036.47
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and traded goods
394.37
28.41
Employee benefits expense
2,461.44
1,925.80
Finance costs
1,168.59
388.90
Depreciation and amortisation expense
644.69
414.23
Other expenses
5,112.78
3,439.05
Expenses, included in above items, capitalised
(140.15)
(97.22)
Total expenses
51,657.21
41,329.95
Share of profits/(loss) of associate (net)
560.74
(915.48)
13,990.75
10,223.53
Exceptional items (net) - (gain)/loss
39.21
-
13,951.54
10,223.53
Tax expense
Current tax
3,631.70
2,623.85
Deferred tax
(235.35)
63.69
Deferred tax- Exceptional Item
(19.31)
211.26
Total tax expense
3,377.04
2,898.80
10,574.50
7,324.73
Profit/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest
(169.71)
-
10,744.21
7,324.73

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(2.00)
20.53
0.50
(5.06)
Changes in fair value of FVTOCI equity instruments
(1,467.35)
1,474.17
50m
209.83
(268.68)
Bargain Purchase gain on step acquisition
21.83
-
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
Valuation gains/(losses) on derivative hedging instruments
35.51
(32.43)
(8.20)
8.15
Changes in fair value of FVTOCI debt instruments
(9.75)
0.52
2.45
(0.13)
Foreign currency translation as share of associate of subsidiary
(6.03)
(5.87)
Change in foreign currency translation reserve of subsidiary
(138.42)
123.79
(1,361.63)
1,314.99
Total comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)
9,212.87
8,639.72
Profit attributable to:
10,744.21
7,324.73
(169.71)
-
10,574.50
7,324.73
Other comprehensive income attributable to:
(1,361.63)
1,314.99
-
(1,361.63)
1,314.99
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
9,382.58
8,639.72
(169.71)
-
9,212.87
8,639.72
Earnings per share (in J) attributable to owners of the parent
Basic Earnings per share (in H)
385.0
262.4
Diluted Earnings per share (in H)
384.4
262.0
(Nominal value per share H 10 (previous year H 10))
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 6 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CHANGES IN EQUITY
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity
A. Equity share capital
Particulars
Year ended 31 March 2026
Year ended 31 March 2025
Number
(J In Crore)
Number
(J In Crore)

279,257,608
279.26
279,179,756
279.18
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors
-
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period
279,257,608
279.26
279,179,756
279.18
Changes in equity share capital (net)
240,230
0.24
77,852
0.08
279,497,838
279.50
279,257,608
279.26

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Contd.)
B. Other equity
(H In Crore)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)
Attributable to owners
Total
other
equity
Non-
controlling
interest
Particulars
Note
Reserves and
surplus
Other reserves
General
Retained
earnings
Cash flow
hedging
Statutory
Reserves
Foreign
exchange
difference of
subsidiary
on paid-up
Foreign
translation
FVTOCI
Capital
Reserve
Securities
premium
Capital
redemption
Share
based
payments
Treasury
Balance as at 31 March 2024
6,389.60
19,666.70
-
0.28
787.95
1,665.71
63.14
86.31
10.41
102.62
(89.49)
28,683.23
0.01
-
7,324.73
-
7,324.73
-
9.60
(24.28)
-
(0.01)
123.80
1,205.88
-
1,314.99
-
ended 31 March 2025
-
7,334.33
(24.28)
-
(0.01)
123.80
1,205.88
-
8,639.72
-
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners
Recognition of share based payments
to employees
-
64.71
-
64.71
-
Transfer of share based payment reserve
to free reserve
67.89
-
(67.89)
-
29.26
-
29.26
-
51.01
-
Final dividend for the year ended 31
March 2024
-
(2,233.44)
-
(2,233.44)
-
Adjustments on account of change in
share of net assets of associate
-
(325.01)
-
(325.01)
-
(11.66)
-
11.66
-
Balance as at 31 March 2025
6,389.60
24,498.81
(24.28)
11.66
0.27
911.75
2,871.59
63.14
115.57
10.41
99.44
(38.48)
34,909.48
0.01
-
10,744.21
-
10,744.21
(169.71)
-
(1.50)
27.31
-
0.03
(144.48)
(1,264.82)
21.83
-
(1,361.63)
-
ended 31 March 2026
-
10,742.71
27.31
-
0.03
(144.48)
(1,264.82)
21.83
-
9,382.58
(169.71)
Transactions with owners in their
capacity as owners
Recognition of share based payments
to employees
-
70.60
-
70.60
-
Transfer of share based payment reserve
to free reserve
-
6.46
-
(6.46)
-
93.24
-
93.24
-
Treasury shares held by
ESOP Trust
-
(39.00)
-
Final dividend for the year ended 31
March 2025
-
(5,864.41)
-
(5,864.41)
-
(132.97)
-
132.97
-
Addition/Adjustments in NCI due to
acquisition of subsidiary
-
1,558.13
Balance as at 31 March 2026
6,389.60
29,250.60
3.03
144.63
0.30
767.27
1,606.77
84.97
208.81
10.41
163.58
(77.48)
38,552.49
1,388.43
Note: There are no changes in accounting policies or prior period errors during the current or previous year.
Summary of material accounting policies
followed by the Group

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CASH FLOWS
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Consolidated Statement Of Cash Flows (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Operating activities
13,951.54
10,223.53
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Add
i) Depreciation and amortisation expense
644.69
414.23
ii) Loss on property, plant and equipment sold,
demolished, discarded and scrapped
36.14
2.35
iii) Provision/Impairment for doubtful debts and advances/loans
546.81
142.42
iv) Bad debts written off
12.09
6.82
v) Share based payment to employees
74.65
67.32
vi) Exchange loss/(gain) on cash and cash equivalents
0.88
6.71
vii) Exchange loss/(gain) on trade receivables
(41.92)
0.07
viii) Exchange loss/(gain) on import payables
3.30
0.51
ix) Exchange loss/(gain) on borrowings
-
16.44
x) Interest adjustment on Government grant
1.99
1.79
xi) Interest income on Income-tax refund
(34.53)
-
xii) Interest expense (excluding financial services business)
258.22

66.30
1,502.32
724.96
Less
i) Investment income included in above:
147.24
123.81
102.47
124.78
568.39
8.38
432.53
436.49
52.77
49.55
Profit/(loss) on sale of other investments, net
12.79
31.05
Gain on valuation and realisation of mutual funds measured at
fair value through profit or loss
486.49
648.28
32.55
30.10
Amortisation of premium/discount on acquisition of fixed
income securities
(6.16)
1.35
1,829.07
1,453.79
ii) Share of profits/(loss) of associate
560.74
(915.48)
iii) Government grants
2.65
iv) Gain on NPV settlement of deferred sales tax
34.53
-
v) Surplus on sale of property, plant and equipment
4.08
3.23
(2,431.07)
(544.19)
13,022.79
10,404.30
Change in assets and liabilities
i)(Increase)/decrease in inventories
639.02
(388.61)
ii)(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables
1,346.44
(51.64)
iii)(Increase)/decrease in loans and other assets
(10,370.85)
(9,848.16)
iv) Increase/(decrease) in liabilities and provisions
1,388.83
1,228.70
(6,996.56)
(9,059.71)
Annuity payments (net) to VRS/Welfare scheme optees
(0.09)
(0.12)
Net cash flow from operating activities before income tax
6,026.14
1,344.47
Income tax paid
(3,429.54)
(2,750.04)
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
2,596.60
(1,405.57)
Carried forward
2,596.60
(1,405.57)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Statement Of Cash Flows (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Brought forward
2,596.60
(1,405.57)
Investing activities
i) Sale of investments
25,834.52
9,803.85
ii) Purchase of investments
(26,617.14)
(11,896.59)
iii) Sale/(purchase) of liquid mutual funds, etc., net
536.30
1,425.49
iv) Addition to investment property
(1.66)
-
v) Loans given
(7,702.59)
(518.68)
vi) Changes in treasury shares by ESOP trust
(39.00)
51.01
vii) (Increase)/decrease in other bank balances
(15.32)
22.88
viii) Deposits with Banks placed
(290.65)
(2,808.72)
ix) Deposits with Banks redeemed
1,296.65
3,424.53
x) Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including advances)
(560.39)
(813.54)
xi) Sale proceeds of property plant and equipment
10.24
6.38
xii) Cash and cash equivalent acquired net of consideration paid for
business combination
355.34
-
xiii) Expenditure on intangible assets (including under development)
(161.93)
(60.30)
(7,355.63)
(1,363.69)
xiv) Investment income
147.24
123.81
102.47
124.78
162.00
8.38
32.55
30.10
444.26
287.07
(Increase)/decrease in interest receivable
(122.51)
20.35
321.75
307.42
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
(7,033.88)
(1,056.27)
Carried forward
(4,437.28)
(2,461.84)

100. Years of Bajaj Group
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CASH FLOWS
100. Years of Bajaj Group
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)
Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)
Consolidated Statement Of Cash Flows (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Brought forward
(4,437.28)
(2,461.84)
III. Financing activities
i) Interest expense (excluding financial services business)
(258.22)
(66.30)
ii) Change in sales tax deferral liability
(0.02)
0.01
iii) Repayment of deferred sales tax liability (NPV basis)
(21.79)
-
iv) Proceeds from borrowings
23,266.49
8,945.14
v) Repayment of borrowings
(12,584.96)
(1,510.96)
vi) Proceeds from Debt Securities
2,453.45
-
vii) (Repayment) of Debt Securities
(1,990.00)
-
viii) Equity share buy-back (incl. tax and expenses)
-
(931.84)
ix) Issue of capital (including securities premium)
93.43
29.34
x) Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities
(24.35)
-
xi) Dividend paid (including payment of earlier unclaimed dividend)
(5,854.58)
(2,235.32)
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
5,079.45
4,230.07
IV. Change in foreign currency translation arising on consolidation
-
9.56
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
642.17
1,777.79
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
2,331.53
560.45
Add/(Less): Effects of exchange (loss)/gain on cash and cash equivalents
16.27
(6.71)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year [See note 11]
2,989.97
2,331.53
For change in liability arising from financing activity (See note 37a)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026
Corporate information
Bajaj Auto Limited (the Company or the Parent Company ) (CIN - L65993PN2007PLC130076) is a company limited by shares,
incorporated and domiciled in India. The Parent Company, its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) and its associates are
engaged in the business of development, manufacturing and distribution of automobiles such as motorcycles, commercial
vehicles, electric vehicles etc. and parts thereof and providing financing services for automobiles. The Group sells its
automobile products in India as well as in various other global markets. The registered office of the Parent Company is located
at Mumbai-Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035.

The consolidated financial statements were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the
Group on 06 May 2026.

For details of subsidiaries of Bajaj Auto Ltd., consolidated in accordance with Ind AS 110 Consolidated Financial Statements
and associates of Bajaj Auto Ltd., in accordance with Ind AS 28 Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures and included in
these consolidated financial statements refer note 45.
Basis of preparation
These Consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act,2013 (the Act ) read together with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,2015, as
amended from time to time and other relevant provisions of the Act, on an accrual basis.
The Consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and financial
liabilities (including derivative instruments) that are measured at fair value in accordance with Ind AS.
The Consolidated financial statements are presented in INR, which is also the Group s functional currency and all values are rounded
to the nearest crore (INR 0,000,000), except when otherwise indicated.
All assets and liabilities, other than deferred tax assets and liabilities, have been classified as current or non-current as per the
Group s normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III (Division II) to the Act. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are classified as non-current assets and liabilities. Based on the nature of business and the time between the acquisition of assets
for processing and their realisation in cash and cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for
current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
Material accounting policies
This note provides a list of the material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
B.1. Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and all its subsidiaries, being the
entities that IT controls. Control is evidenced where the Company has power over the investee or is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
investee. Power is demonstrated through existing rights that give the ability to direct relevant activities, which significantly
affect the entity returns. The financial statements of subsidiaries/associates used in preparation of consolidated financial
statements are of the same reporting year as the parent company except for financial statements of Bajaj Auto ( Thailand )
Ltd. ( BA Thailand ), Bajaj Auto Spain S.L.U. ( BASL ), Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas Ltda ( Bajaj Brasil ); and Bajaj
Auto International Holdings AG including its subsidiaries/associates (jointly referred as BAIHAG-Group ) whose end of
reporting period is different from that of parent company. The Group consolidates financial information of these companies
with a three months time lag as adjusted for the effects of significant transaction or events that occur between the date of
those financial statements and the date of consolidated financial statements. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the
financial statements of subsidiaries to align the accounting policies in line with accounting policies of the Group. For non-
wholly owned subsidiaries, a share of the profit/loss for the financial year and net assets is attributed to the non-controlling
interests as shown in the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and consolidated balance sheet even if this results in
the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. For acquisitions of additional interests in subsidiaries, where there is
no change in control, the Group recognises a reduction to the non-controlling interest of the respective subsidiary with the
difference between this figure and the cash paid, inclusive of transaction fees, being recognised in equity. In addition, upon
dilution of controlling interests the difference between the cash received from sale or listing of the subsidiary shares and the
increase to non-controlling interest is also recognised in equity. The financial statements of subsidiaries acquired or disposed

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
off during the year are included in the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss from the effective date of acquisition or up to
the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. Intragroup balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses
arising from intragroup transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are
eliminated unless costs cannot be recovered.
B.2 Investment in associates

Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method. An associate is an entity over which the Group is in a
position to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies. The considerations made in determining whether
significant influence is being exercised are similar to those necessary to determine control over the subsidiaries. Goodwill
arising on the acquisition of associates is included in the carrying value of investments in associate.

The Group s investments in its associate are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the investment
in an associate is initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognise changes in the
Group s share of net assets of the associate since the acquisition date. Goodwill relating to the associate is included in the
carrying amount of the investment and is not tested for impairment individually.

The Statement of Profit and Loss reflects the Group s share of the results of operations of the associate. Any change in OCI of
those investees is presented as part of the Group s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the
equity of the associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of changes in equity.
Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of
the interest in the associate.

If an entity s share of losses of an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long term
interest that, in substance, form part of the Group s net investment in the associate), the entity discontinues recognising its
share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. If the associate subsequently reports profits, the entity resumes
recognising its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.

The aggregate of the Group s share of profit or loss of an associate is shown on the face of the Statement of Profit and Loss.

The financial statements of the associates which have a different reporting period are prepared with a three months time lag
for consolidation into the Group financial statements. When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies
in line with those of the Group.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether IT is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on
its investment in its associate. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the
investment in the associate is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the
difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value, and then recognises the loss in the
statement of profit or loss.

Upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair
value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair value of the
retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss. Any changes in the value of previously held
equity interest which were recognised in other comprehensive income in prior reporting periods are recognised on the same
basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly previously held equity interest.
B.3. Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate
of the consideration transferred measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at
fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed in the
periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received, with the exception of the costs of issuing debt or equity
securities that are recognised in accordance with Ind AS 32 and Ind AS 109.

The Group determines that IT has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a
substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered
substantive if IT is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
B
with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or IT significantly contributes to the ability to
continue producing outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in
the ability to continue producing outputs.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their acquisition date fair
values. For this purpose, the liabilities assumed include contingent liabilities representing present obligation and they are measured
at their acquisition fair values irrespective of the fact that outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is not probable.
However, the following assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are measured at the basis indicated below:
Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and the liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised
and measured in accordance with Ind AS 12 Income Tax and Ind AS 19 Employee Benefits respectively.
Assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with Ind AS 105 Non-current Assets Held for
Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that Standard.
Reacquired rights are measured at a value determined on the basis of the remaining contractual term of the related
contract. Such valuation does not consider potential renewal of the reacquired right.

When the Group acquires a business, IT assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and
designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition
date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest is re-measured at its acquisition date fair
value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss or OCI, as appropriate. Any changes in the value of previously
held equity interest which were recognised in other comprehensive income in prior reporting periods are recognised on the
same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly previously held equity interest.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount
recognised for non-controlling interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-
assesses whether IT has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the
procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess
of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in OCI and
accumulated in equity as capital reserve. However, if there is no clear evidence of bargain purchase, the entity recognises the
gain directly in equity as capital reserve, without routing the same through OCI.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment
testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group s cash-
generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the
acquiree are assigned to those units.

Contingent consideration, if any, resulting from business combinations, is valued at fair value at the acquisition date as part of
the business combination. When the contingent consideration, if any, meets the definition of financial liability, IT is subsequently
remeasured to fair value at each reporting date. The determination of the fair value is based on discounted cash flows. The key
assumptions take into consideration the probability of meeting each performance target and the discount factor.
B.4 Use of estimates, judgements and assumptions

The preparation of the Group s financial statements requires the management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions
are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates
are revised and in any future periods affected. In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty
and critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in
the financial statements is included in the following notes and in the relevant notes together with information about basis of
calculation for each affected line item in the financial statements:
Valuation of investments [Refer note B.9 and note 39]
Derivative instruments [Refer note B.10 and note 7]
Revenue and trade receivables [Refer note B.5, note 10 and note 25]

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
B
Provisions and Contingent liabilities [Refer note B.16, note 19 and note 38]
Residual value and useful life of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and Investment Property [Refer note B.6]
Recognition of deferred tax asset to the extent of offsetting against deferred tax liabilities and the availability of positive
tax results [Refer note B.15 and note 20]
Recognition of right of use assets [Refer note B.17 and note 2]
Recognition of Intangible assets and its useful life. [Refer note B.7 and note 4]
Employee benefits obligations [Refer note B.14 and note 41]
Share based payments [Refer B.24 and note 36]
Impairment of non-financial assets [Refer note B.11]
Business combinations [Refer note B.3 and 46]
Derecognition of financial assets [Refer note B.9 (iv) and note 10]
Other disclosures relating to the Group s exposure to risks and uncertainties include:

-
Capital management [Refer note 37]

-
Financial risk management objectives and policies [Refer note 40]

-
Sensitivity analyses disclosures [Refer note 40]
B.5. Revenue from Operations
A)
Automotive business - Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is recognised when control of goods (vehicles or parts) or services have been transferred to the customer; at an
amount that reflects the consideration which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of goods and service tax (GST) or value added tax (VAT), as applicable.

Sale of Goods (vehicles or parts)

The Group has determined that, in case of sale of goods transfer of control, and therefore revenue recognition, generally
corresponds to the date when the goods are released to the carrier responsible for transporting them to the customer in
the following manner:

Domestic sales are recognised at the time of dispatch from the point of sale;

Export sales are recognised on the date when shipped on board as per terms of sale and are initially recorded at the
relevant exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction

Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable
consideration and consideration payable to customers) allocated to that performance obligation. In determining the
transaction price for the sale of goods, the Group considers the effects of variable consideration, consideration payable to
the customer and the existence of significant financing components (if any).

Variable consideration

If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount (like volume rebates/incentives, cash discounts, subventions
etc.), the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which IT will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods
to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until IT is highly probable
that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated
uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The estimate of variable consideration for expected
future volume rebates/incentives, cash discounts, subventions etc. are made on the most likely amount method.

Consideration payable to the customer

Consideration payable to a customer includes cash amounts that the Group pays, or expects to pay, to the customer.

Financing component

Generally, the Group receives short term advances from its customers. The Group applies the practical expedient for
short-term advances received from customers. That is, the promised amount of consideration is not adjusted for the
effects of a significant financing component if the period between the transfer of the promised good or service and
the payment is one year or less. In cases where the Group does not receive short term advances from its customers,

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
B
the terms of contract with customers do not contain any express or implied payment terms which would indicate the
existence of a significant financing component.

Principal versus agent consideration in respect of freight

The Group, on behalf of its customers, dispatches goods to agreed locations for an agreed fee. The Group has determined
that the performance obligation of the Group is to arrange for those goods and services (Group is an agent) to the
customers and hence the amount charged to the customer offset by freight charges paid to the freight service providers
is shown as revenue and disclosed as other operating income or other operating expenses, depending upon the results of
the offsetting.

Contract balances

Trade receivables

A receivable represents the Group s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time
is required before payment of the consideration is due).

Contract liabilities

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the Group transfers
goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is received, or the payment is due
(whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.
B)

Income from financial services business:

The Group recognises interest income using effective interest rate (EIR) method as per Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments
on all financial assets subsequently measured under amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income
(FVOCI). The Group recognises interest income by applying the EIR to the gross carrying amount of financial assets other
than credit impaired assets. Interest on financial assets subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss
(FVTPL) is recognised at the contractual rate of interest.

Fees and commission income:

The Group recognises

Service and administration charges on completion of contracted service;

Bounce and penal charges on realisation;

Insurance commission income on delivery of services to the customer;

Income on loan foreclosure and prepayment on realisation.

Net gain on fair value changes

The Group designates certain financial assets for subsequent measurement at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
The Group recognises gains/loss on fair value change of financial assets measured at FVTPL and realised gains on
derecognition of financial asset measured at FVTPL on net basis and unrealised gain/loss on fair value change of financial
assets measured at FVTPL .
C)

Interest charged to dealers for payment beyond due date and Royalty income is recognised on accrual basis in accordance
with the substance of their relevant agreements. In respect of Government Grants recognised as Other operating revenue,
refer to accounting policy section no. B.18 Government Grants

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
B
B.6 Property, plant and equipment, Capital work in progress and depreciation/amortisation
Property, plant and equipment and Capital work in progress

Capital work in progress is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any. Property, plant and equipment
except land are carried at historical cost of acquisition, construction or manufacturing, as the case may be, less
accumulated depreciation. Freehold land is carried at cost of acquisition.

Cost represents all expenses directly attributable to bringing the asset to its working condition capable of operating
in the manner intended. Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the plant and equipment, if the recognition
criteria are met. When significant parts of plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group
depreciates them separately based on their specific useful lives. Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its
cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are
satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred.

The cost of property, plant and equipments acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of
acquisition. Following initial recognition, such assets are carried at cost less any accumulated depreciation and
accumulated impairment loss.

Costs incurred to manufacture/construct property, plant and equipment are reduced from the total expense under
the head Expenses, included in above items, capitalised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Land and buildings acquired/constructed, not intended to be used in the operations of the Group and held for
earning long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied by the Group, are
categorised as investment property.

An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal
or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is
included in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognised.

vii)
The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each
financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
Depreciation and amortisation methods, estimated useful lives and residual value

Tangible assets

Depreciation is provided on a pro rata basis on straight line method to allocate the cost, net of residual value over
the estimated useful lives of the assets.

The estimated useful lives are as follows:
Asset class
Useful life
Buildings
03-60 years
Water pumps, reservoirs and mains
05-15 years
10-15 years
Computers and IT Equipment
03-06 years
Dies and Moulds
03-08 years
Electric installations
Factory equipment s
08-15 years
Furniture
Office equipment
05-13 years
Electric fittings
10. Years
Vehicles and Aircrafts (including prototype)
1.5-10 Years

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
B

Where a significant component (in terms of cost) of an asset has an estimated economic useful life shorter than that
of its corresponding asset, the component is depreciated over its shorter life.

The Group, based on technical assessment made by technical expert and management estimate, depreciates
certain items of property, plant and equipment over estimated useful lives which are different from the useful life
prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act,2013. The management believes that these estimated useful lives are
realistic and reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets are likely to be used.

Assets which are depreciated over useful life/residual value different than those indicated by Schedule II are as under:

Asset class
As per Schedule II
Useful life
Aircraft
20 years
PDC Dies
8 years
Factory equipment
15 years

Depreciation on additions is being provided on pro rata basis from the date of such month of such additions.

Depreciation on assets sold, discarded or demolished during the year is being provided up to the month in which
such assets are sold, discarded or demolished.

The Group reviews the estimated residual values and expected useful lives of property, plant and equipment at least
annually. In particular, IT considers the impact of health, safety and environmental legislation in its assessment of
expected useful lives and estimated residual values. Furthermore, the Group considers climate-related matters,
including physical and transition risks. Specifically, IT determines whether climate-related legislation and regulations
might impact either the useful life or residual values.
B.7. Intangible assets

Intangible assets are measured on initial recognition at cost and subsequently are carried at cost less accumulated
amortisation and accumulated impairment loss, if any.

The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment loss.

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is
an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible
asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or the
expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify the amortisation
period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible
assets with finite lives is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of
another asset.
Trademarks

Trademarks acquired separately or through business combinations are recognised as intangible assets when IT is
probable that future economic benefits attributable to the asset will flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be
measured reliably. On initial recognition, trademarks are measured at cost, which includes Purchase price (including
non refundable taxes and duties), or fair value at the acquisition date in case of acquisition through a business
combination and any directly attributable costs incurred to prepare the asset for its intended use.

After initial recognition, trademarks are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment
losses, if any.

The Group has assessed the trademark as having a definite useful life of 30 years, based expected period of economic
benefits, industry practices and brand longevity considerations. Accordingly, trademark is amortised over period of
30 years on straight line method, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the asset are expected
to be consumed.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Technical know-how
Technical know-how acquired

Technical know-how acquired is stated at acquisition cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses,
if any. On the date of acquisition, technical know-how acquired through business combination is measured at the
acquisition date fair value. After such initial recognition, technical know-how acquired are carried at cost less
accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Technical know-how developed by the Group (Research and Development costs)

Expenditure on research and development activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which IT is incurred
unless the recognition criteria are met. Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure on an
individual project are recognised as an intangible asset when the Group can demonstrate:

The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that the asset will be available for use or sale

Its intention to complete and its ability and intention to use or sell the asset

How the asset will generate future economic benefits

The availability of resources to complete the asset

The ability to measure reliably the expenditure during development

Costs incurred to develop an intangible asset are reduced from total expenses and disclosed under the head
Expenses, included in above items, capitalised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. In determining the amounts
to be capitalised, management makes assumptions regarding the expected future cash generation of the project,
discount rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits.
d)
Amortisation of technical know-how:

Scheduled amortisation is carried out according to the straight-line method on the basis of a useful life of three
to five years which is based on underlying product life cycles of developed/acquired technical know how. The
scheduled amortisation of capitalised development costs that can be clearly assigned to specific products or
processes takes place with the start of series production.

During the period of development, the asset is tested for impairment annually.
Customer relationships

Customer relationships acquired through business combinations are recognised as intangible assets when they meet the
recognition criteria under IndAS 103 and IndAS 38. On initial recognition, such assets are measured at their fair value at
the acquisition date.

Subsequent to initial recognition, customer relationships are carried at cost (being the fair value at acquisition) less
accumulated amortisation and impairment losses, if any.

Based on management s assessment of customer attrition patterns and historical retention analysis, the Group has
determined that the useful life of customer relationships is 9 years from the date of acquisition. Accordingly, the asset
is amortised on a straight line basis over this period, which reflects the expected pattern of consumption of economic
benefits.

An intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset
(calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the
Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognised.
B.8. Investment property

Property which is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied by the Group,
is classified as investment property. Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction
costs. Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset s carrying amount only when IT is probable that future economic
benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Repairs and
maintenance costs are expensed when incurred.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
B

Depreciation on investment property is provided on a pro rata basis on straight line method over the estimated useful
lives. Useful life of assets, as assessed by the Management, corresponds to those prescribed by Schedule II- Part C of the
Companies Act,2013.

Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from
use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss in the period of derecognition.
B.9 Investments, financial assets and financial liabilities
Classification

The Group classifies its financial assets at initial recognition in the following measurement categories:

those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or
loss), and

those to be measured at amortised cost.

The classification is done depending upon the Group s business model for managing the financial assets and the
contractual terms of the cash flows.

For assets classified as measured at fair value , gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other
comprehensive income, as elected. For assets classified as measured at amortised cost , this will depend on the business
model and contractual terms of the cash flows.
Measurement

Initial Measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income (FVTOCI), or fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). The classification of financial assets at initial
recognition depends on the financial asset s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group s business model for
managing them.

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value including, in the case of a financial asset not
at FVTPL , transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of
financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the Statement of Profit and Loss, when incurred.

Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer accounting policy section no. B.5A
Revenue from contracts with customers .

For a financial asset to be classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI (excluding equity
instruments which are measured at FVTOCI), IT needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at
an instrument level. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at FVTPL, irrespective
of the business model.

The Group s business model for managing financial assets refers to how IT manages its financial assets to generate cash
flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the
financial assets, or both.

Subsequent Measurement

Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the Group s business model for managing the financial asset
and the cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

Subsequent measurement for automotive business

There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its financial instruments:

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

Subsequently measured at amortised cost:

A debt instrument is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met:

The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and

Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent SPPI are
measured at amortised cost e.g. debentures, bonds, fixed maturity plans, trade receivables etc.

This category is the most relevant to the Group. After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into
account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. Interest income
from trade receivables is included in Other operating income in the Statement of Profit and Loss; whilst interest
income from the remaining financial assets is included in Other income in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The
losses arising from impairment are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. A gain or loss on a financial asset
that is subsequently measured at amortised cost is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is
derecognised or impaired.

In case of fixed maturity plans (FMP), they are measured at amortised cost, if the Group intends to hold the FMPs to maturity.
Further, the Group applies amortised cost for those FMPs where the Group is able to demonstrate that the underlying
instruments in the portfolio would fulfill the SPPI test and the churn in the underlying portfolio is negligible. These conditions
are assessed at each balance sheet date. If these conditions are not fulfilled, then FMPs are valued at FVTPL.

The Group intends to hold its investment in open ended target maturity funds (i.e. exchange traded funds/ETF) till
maturity. IT may be noted that these funds have a pre-determined maturity date. These funds follow a passive buy and
hold strategy; in which the existing underlying investment bonds are expected to be held till maturity unless sold for
meeting redemptions or rebalancing requirements as stated in the scheme document. In the group s view, such strategy
mitigates intermittent price volatility in open ended target maturity funds underlying investments; and investors who
remain invested until maturity are expected to mitigate the market/volatility risk to a large extent. These funds can invest
only in plain vanilla INR bonds with fixed coupon and maturity; and cannot invest in floating rate bonds. Based on this, the
Group believes that the investments in open ended target maturity funds meet the requirements of SPPI test as per the
requirements of Ind AS 109.

Subsequently measured at FVTOCI

All equity investments in scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for trading, if
any, are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Group may make an irrevocable election to present in
other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value. The Group makes such election on an instrument-by-
instrument basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.

Equity instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair
value. Fair value movements are recognised in the other comprehensive income (OCI). If the Group decides to classify an
equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognised in OCI.
There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to Statement of profit and loss, even on sale of investment. However, the
Group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.

Subsequently measured at FVTPL

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost and FVTOCI are measured at fair value through profit
or loss e.g. investments in mutual funds. A gain or loss on a financial asset that is subsequently measured at fair value
through profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss and presented net in the Statement of Profit and Loss within other
gains/(losses) in the period in which IT arises.

Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

Subsequent measurement for financial services business

There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its financial instruments:

At amortised cost

Amortised cost of financial asset is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
costs that are an integral part of the EIR (Effective Interest Rates). For the purpose of SPPI (Solely payment of Principal
and Interest) test, principal is the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition. That principal amount may change
over the life of the financial asset (e.g. if there are repayments of principal). Contractual cash flows that do not introduce
exposure to risks or volatility in the contractual cash flows on account of changes such as equity prices or commodity
prices and are related to a basic lending arrangement, do give rise to SPPI. An originated or an acquired financial asset
can be a basic lending arrangement irrespective of whether IT is a loan in its legal form. The EIR amortization is included
in finance income in the profit and loss statement. The losses arising from impairment are recognised in the profit and
loss statement.

Accordingly, the Group measures bank balances, loans, trade receivables and other financial instruments at amortised
cost for its financial service business.

The amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability
is measured on initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortization using the
effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount and, for financial assets,
adjusted for any expected credit loss allowance.

Unamortised transaction incomes and impairment allowance on Financial asset is included under the head Loans . The
gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any expected
credit loss allowance.

At fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)

After initial measurement, basis assessment of the business model as Contractual cash flows of Asset collected through
hold and sell model and SPPI , such financial assets are classified to be measured at FVTOCI. Contractual cash flows
that do introduce exposure to risks or volatility in the contractual cash flows due to changes such as equity prices or
commodity prices and are unrelated to a basic lending arrangement, do not give rise to SPPI.

The EIR amortization is included in finance income in the profit and loss statement. The losses arising from impairment
are recognised in the profit and loss statement. The carrying value of the financial asset is fair valued by discounting
the contractual cash flows over contractual tenure basis the internal rate of return of a new similar asset originated in
the month of reporting and such unrealised gain/loss is recorded in other comprehensive income (OCI). Where such a
similar product is not originated in the month of reporting, the closest product origination is used as a proxy. Upon sale of
the financial asset, actual gain/loss realised is recorded in the profit and loss statement and the unrealised gain/losses
recorded in OCI are recycled to the Statement of Profit and Loss.

At fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)

Financial asset, which does not meet the criteria for categorisation at amortised cost or FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL.
In addition, the Group may elect to classify a financial asset, which otherwise meets amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria,
as FVTPL. However, such election is allowed only if doing so reduces or eliminates a measurement or recognition
inconsistency (referred to as accounting mismatch ). Financial assets included within the FVTPL category are measured
at fair value with all changes recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(iii) Impairment of financial assets
Automotive business

The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with its financial assets
carried at amortised cost for e.g., debt securities, deposits, trade receivables and bank balances. The impairment
methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and if so, assess the
need to provide for the same in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
B

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

The Group follows simplified approach for recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade receivables. The
application of simplified approach does not require the Group to track changes in credit risk. Rather, IT recognises
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) at each reporting date, right from its
initial recognition.

In respect of other financial assets (e.: debt securities, deposits, bank balances etc), the Group generally invests in
instruments with high credit rating and consequently low credit risk. In the unlikely event that the credit risk increases
significantly from inception of investment, lifetime ECL is used for recognising impairment loss on such assets.

Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument.

ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract
and all the cash flows that the entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash shortfalls), discounted at the original EIR. When
estimating the cash flows, an entity is required to consider all contractual terms of the financial instrument over the
expected life of the financial instrument.

ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised during the period is recognised as income/expense in the
Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head other expenses in the Statement of Profit and
Loss. The Balance Sheet presentation for various financial instruments is described below:

Financial assets measured at amortised cost and trade receivables: ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e.,
as an integral part of the measurement of those assets in the Balance Sheet. The allowance reduces the net
carrying amount. Until the asset meets write-off criteria, the Group does not reduce impairment allowance
from the gross carrying amount.

For assessing increase in credit risk and impairment loss, the Group combines financial instruments based on
shared credit risk characteristics with the objective of facilitating an analysis that is designed to enable significant
increases in credit risk to be identified on a timely basis.

For debt instruments at fair value through OCI, the Group applies the low credit risk simplification. At every reporting
date, the Group evaluates whether the debt instrument is considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable
and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group
reassesses the internal credit rating of the debt instrument.

However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking
into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable
expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Expected credit losses (ECL ) are recognised for applicable financial assets held under amortised cost.

Financial assets where no significant increase in credit risk has been observed since inception are considered to be
in stage 1 for which a 12 month ECL is recognised. Financial assets that are considered to have significant increase
in credit risk since inception are considered to be in stage 2' and those which are in default or for which there is an
objective evidence of impairment are considered to be in stage 3 . Life time ECL is recognised for stage 2 and stage
3 financial assets.

At initial recognition, allowance (or provision in the case of loan commitments) is required for ECL towards default
events that are possible in the next 12 months.

In the event of a significant increase in credit risk, allowance (or provision) is required for ECL towards all possible
default events over the expected life of the financial assets( lifetime ECL ).

Financial assets are written off in full, when there is no realistic prospect of recovery. The Group may apply
enforcement activities to certain qualifying financial assets written off.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Treatment of the different stages of financial assets and the methodology of determination of ECL:
Credit impaired (stage 3)

The Group recognises a financial asset to be credit impaired and in stage 3 by considering relevant objective
evidence, primarily whether:

Contractual payments of principal and/or interest are past due for more than 90 days;

The loan is otherwise considered to be in default.

Loan accounts where principal and/or interest are past due for more than 90 days along with all other loans of such
customer, continue to be classified as stage 3, till overdue across all loan accounts are cleared.
Significant increase in credit risk (stage 2)

An assessment of whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition is performed at each
reporting period by considering the change in the risk of default of the loan exposure. However, unless identified
at an earlier stage, any overdue of more than 1 day past due and up to 90 days past due as on the reporting date is
considered as an indication of financial assets to have suffered a significant increase in credit risk.

The measurement of risk of defaults under stage 2 is computed on homogenous portfolios, generally by nature
of loans, tenors, underlying collateral, geographies and borrower profiles. The default risk is assessed using PD
(probability of default) derived from past behavioural trends of default across the identified homogenous portfolios.
These past trends factor in the past customer behavioural trends, credit transition probabilities and macroeconomic
conditions. The assessed PDs are then aligned considering future economic conditions that are determined to have a
bearing on ECL.
Without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition (stage 1)

ECL resulting from default events that are possible in the next 12 months are recognised for financial assets in
stage 1. The Group has ascertained default possibilities on past behavioural trends witnessed for each homogenous
portfolio using behavioural analysis and other performance indicators, determined statistically.
Measurement of ECL

The assessment of credit risk and estimation of ECL are unbiased and probability weighted. IT incorporates all
information that is relevant including past events, current conditions and current profile of customers.

Forward looking economic scenarios determined with reference to external forecasts of economic parameters
that have demonstrated a linkage to the performance of our portfolios over a period of time have been applied to
determine impact of macro-economic factors. In addition, the estimation of ECL takes into account the time value of
money.

The Group has calculated ECL using three main components: a probability of default (PD), a loss given default (LGD)
and the exposure at default (EAD). ECL is calculated by multiplying the PD, LGD and EAD and adjusted for time value
of money using a rate which is a reasonable approximation of EIR.

Determination of PD is covered above for each stages of ECL.

EAD represents the expected balance at default, taking into account the repayment of principal and interest
from the Balance Sheet date to the date of default together with any expected drawdowns of committed
facilities.

LGD represents expected losses on the EAD in the event of default, taking into account, among other attributes,
the mitigating effect of collateral value at the time IT is expected to be realised and the time value of money.

The Group recalibrates above components of its ECL model on a periodical basis by using the available incremental
and recent information, except where this information does not represent the future outcome.
B

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(iv) Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset is derecognised only when the Group has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial
asset or the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset have expired. Where the entity has transferred an asset,
the Group evaluates whether IT has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset. In
such cases, the financial asset is derecognised.

In relation to non-recourse factoring arrangements of trade receivables, the Group in its BAIHAG sub-group enters into
agreements whereby trade receivables are sold to financial institutions without recourse. Under such arrangements, the
Group assesses whether the contractual terms result in a transfer of substantially all credit risk, late payment risk, and
other risks and rewards associated with the receivables.

Significant judgements and estimates:

The assessment of derecognition, particularly in non-recourse factoring arrangements, involves significant judgement.
The Group evaluates the substance of the transaction, including:

whether any credit enhancement, guarantees, or implicit obligations are retained,

the extent of exposure to variability in cash flows,

whether there is any continuing involvement in the receivables, and

the commercial rationale and contractual terms of the factoring agreement.

Judgement is required to determine whether the Group has retained substantially all risks and rewards (in which
case derecognition is not appropriate), transferred them (leading to derecognition), or neither transferred nor retained
substantially all risks and rewards (where control assessment is required). In such cases, the Group assesses whether IT
has retained control over the financial asset.

Estimates may also be required in evaluating potential exposure to losses, including assessment of historical default
patterns, credit quality of customers, and contractual recourse provisions, if any, embedded in the arrangement.

Based on this evaluation, where the Group concludes that substantially all risks and rewards have been transferred and
there is no continuing involvement, the receivables are derecognised and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in the
statement of profit and loss. Otherwise, the receivables continue to be recognised to the extent of the Group s continuing
involvement.
(v) Reclassification of financial assets

The Group determines classification of financial assets and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial recognition, no
reclassification is made for financial assets which are equity instruments and financial liabilities. For financial assets
which are debt instruments, a reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing
those assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Group s senior management determines
change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which are significant to the Group s operations.
Such changes are evident to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Group either begins or
ceases to perform an activity that is significant to its operations. If the Group reclassifies financial assets, IT applies the
reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period
following the change in business model. The Group does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including
impairment gains or losses) or interest.

The Group applies amortised cost, where IT has ability to demonstrate that the underlying instruments in the portfolio
fulfill the solely payments of principal and interest ( SPPI ) test and the churn in the portfolio is negligible.
B.10 Derivative and hedging activities

The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as range forward, Cross Currency Interest Rate Swaps (CCIRS), Interest
rate swap (IRS) and par forward currency contracts to hedge its foreign currency risks. Such derivative instruments are initially
recognised at fair value on the date at which the derivative contract is entered and are subsequently re-measured at fair value
as at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative
is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged, and the type of hedge relationship
designated. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
value is negative. Fair value remeasurements are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which fair
value changes. Any profit or loss arising on cancellation or renewal of forward exchange contract is recognised as income or as
expense for the period.

The Group documents its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. In terms
thereof, the Group designates their derivatives as hedges of foreign exchange risks associated with the cash flow of highly
probable forecast transactions (viz. export sales).

The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the
hedged item is more than 12 months; IT is classified as a current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged
item is less than or equal to 12 months.

Cash flow hedges that qualify for hedge accounting -

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is
recognised in the other comprehensive income in cash flow hedging reserve within equity, limited to the cumulative change in
fair value of the hedged item on a present value basis from the inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective
portion is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss, within other gains/(losses).

For hedge accounting, hedges are classified as Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that
is either attributable to a risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the
foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.

When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group designates them in entirety as the hedging
instrument. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value for the effective portion of cash flow hedges is recognised
in OCI and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedge item affects profit or loss.

Where option contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group designates intrinsic value of the option contract as
hedging instrument.

Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in intrinsic value of the option contract are recognised in the
cash flow hedging reserve within equity. The changes in time value of the option contracts that relate to the hedged items are
recognised through other comprehensive income in Costs of hedging reserve within equity.

When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. When a forecast
transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately transferred
to the Statement of Profit and Loss. When a hedging instrument is unexercised and expires, the cumulative gain or loss is
reversed within equity with the corresponding effect to the hedge receivable/payable.

If the hedge ratio for risk management is no longer optimal, but risk management objectives remain unchanged and hedge
continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationships are re-balanced so that the hedge ratio aligns. Consequently,
hedge ineffectiveness is computed and accounted for in the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately.
B.11 Impairment of non-financial assets

Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset s fair value less cost of disposal and value in use. The fair value
less costs of disposal calculation is based on available data from binding sales transactions, conducted at arm s length, for
similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. The recoverable amount is sensitive to the discount
rate used for the DCF model as well as the expected future cash-inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.
These estimates are most relevant to goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite useful lives recognised by the Group.
The key assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount for the different CGUs, including a sensitivity analysis. For
the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable
cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets (cash-generating units).
Impairment loss of non-financial assets, if any are recognised in the Statement of profit and loss.
B

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
B.12 Foreign currency transactions

The Group s consolidated financial statements are presented in INR, which is also the parent company s functional currency.
For each entity, the Group determines the functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity
are measured using that functional currency. The Group uses the direct method of consolidation and on disposal of a foreign
operation the gain or loss that is reclassified to profit or loss reflects the amount that arises from using this method.
Transaction and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group s entities at their respective functional currency spot
rates at the date the transaction first qualifies for recognition. However, for practical reasons, the Group uses average
rate if the average approximates the actual rate at the date of the transaction.

Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rates of
exchange at the reporting date.

Exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss with the
exception of the following:

Exchange differences arising on monetary items that forms part of a reporting entity s net investment in a foreign
operation are recognised in profit or loss in the separate financial statements of the reporting entity or the individual
financial statements of the foreign operation, as appropriate. In the financial statements that include the foreign
operation and the reporting entity (e.g., consolidated financial statements when the foreign operation is a subsidiary),
such exchange differences are recognised initially in OCI and accumulated in equity in a separate reserve, viz.,
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve. These exchange differences are reclassified from equity to profit or loss on
disposal of the net investment.

Exchange differences arising on monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group s net
investment of a foreign operation. These differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in equity in a separate
reserve, viz., Hedge Reserve until the net investment is disposed of, at which time, the cumulative amount is
reclassified to profit or loss.

Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also recorded in OCI.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are
translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation
of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in
fair value of the item (i.e., translation differences on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in OCI or profit or
loss are also recognised in OCI or profit or loss, respectively).

In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income (or part of
IT) on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to advance consideration, the date
of the transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability
arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the
transaction date for each payment or receipt of advance consideration.
Group companies

On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into INR at the rate of exchange prevailing
at the reporting date and their statements of profit and loss are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
transactions. For practical reasons, the group uses an average rate to translate income and expense items, if the average
rate approximates the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on translation
for consolidation are recognised in OCI. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of OCI relating to that particular
foreign operation is recognised in profit and loss.

Certain foreign operations, as referred to in section B.1 of this accounting policy, do not prepare additional financial
statements as of the Parent s reporting date. Accordingly, the Group uses the financial statements of the foreign
operations drawn up to their respective reporting dates. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Indian Rupees at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period of the foreign operation. Adjustments are
made for significant changes in exchange rates up to the Parent s reporting date, in line with Ind AS 110 requirements.
The same approach is applied when accounting for investments in associates under the equity method in accordance with
Ind AS 28.
B.13. Inventories

Cost of inventories have been computed to include all costs of purchases (including materials), cost of conversion and other
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Finished stocks of vehicles and auto spare parts and stocks of work-in-progress are valued at cost of manufacturing or
net realisable value whichever is lower. Cost is calculated on a weighted average basis.
Stores, packing materials and tools which does not meet the recognition criteria of property, plant and equipment are
valued at cost arrived at on a weighted average basis or net realisable value, whichever is lower.
Raw materials and components are valued at cost arrived at on a weighted average basis or net realisable value,
Inventory of machinery spares and maintenance materials not being material are expensed in the year of purchase.
Goods in transit are stated at actual cost incurred up to the date of Balance Sheet.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
B.14. Employee benefits
A)
Privilege leave entitlements

Privilege leave entitlements are recognised as a liability, in the calendar year of rendering of service, as per the rules of
the Group. As accumulated leave can be availed and/or encashed at any time during the tenure of employment, subject
to terms and conditions of the scheme, the accumulated leave, which is expected to be utilised within the next 12 months,
is treated as short-term employee benefit. The Group measures the expected cost of such absences as the additional
amount that IT expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the reporting date.

They are therefore measured at the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided
by employees up to the end of the reporting period using the projected unit credit method. The benefits are discounted
using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to the terms of the related
obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised
in Statement of Profit and Loss.
B)
Gratuity

Payment for present liability of future payment of gratuity is being made to approved gratuity fund, which fully covers
the same under Cash Accumulation Policy and Debt fund of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and Bajaj Allianz
Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC). However, any deficit in plan assets managed by LIC and BALIC as compared to the
liability based on an independent actuarial valuation is recognised as a liability.

The liability or asset recognised in the balance sheet in respect of defined benefit gratuity plans is the present value of
the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit
obligation is calculated annually by actuaries using the projected unit credit method in conformity with the principles and
manner of computation specified in Ind AS 19.

Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in
net interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on
the net defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to
retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent periods.
B

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the
fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss on the earlier of either the date of the plan amendment or curtailment,
or the date that the Group recognises related restructuring costs.
C)
Provident fund contributions in relations to employees of Holding Company are made to Holding Company's Provident
Fund Trust. The contributions are accounted for as defined benefit plans and the contributions are recognised as
employee benefit expense when an employee renders the related service. Deficits, if any, of the fund as compared to
liability based on an independent actuarial valuation is to be additionally contributed by the Group and hence recognised
as a liability.

Provident fund contributions in relation to employees of Indian Companies forming part of Group (except Holding
Company) are made to the Recognised Employees Provident Fund (RPF) scheme administered by the Government of
India in accordance with the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. For employees of the
Group s foreign operations, the Group contributes to social security schemes as mandated by the respective local laws
and regulations. Contributions to provident fund and social security schemes are disclosed under Employee Benefits
Expense . Since both schemes are administered by government authorities, the Company does not carry any actuarial risk
or obligation for future benefits beyond its statutory contributions. Accordingly, contributions are accounted for as defined
contribution plans.
D)
Severance payments

Due to legal regulations, the BAIHAG-Group is obliged to make a severance payment to all employees in Austria whose
employment relationship began before January 1,2003 upon termination by the employer or at the time of retirement.
This performance-based obligation depends on the number of years of service and the relevant salary at the time
of severance pay and amounts to between two and twelve months' salary. Estimates are made when recognizing
and measuring liabilities for severance payments. Assumptions are made on the following factors: expected values,
demographic assumptions such as the retirement age of women/men and employee turnover, as well as financial
assumptions such as the actuarial interest rate and future wage and salary trends. This obligation is calculated annually
by actuaries in conformity with the principles and manner of computation specified in Ind AS 19. Refer note 41(ii).

For all employment relationships established in Austria after 31 December 2002, the Group pays 1.53% of the salary per
month into a company employee provision fund, in which the contributions are invested in an employee's account and paid
out to him or passed on as an entitlement upon termination of the employment relationship. The Group is only obliged to
pay the contributions that are recognised in the expenditure for which they were paid in the financial year for which they
were paid (defined contribution obligation).
E)
Jubilee Bonuses

On the basis of collective agreements, companies of the BAIHAG-Group are obliged to pay jubilee bonuses to employees
in Austria in accordance with the achievement of certain years of service (from 25 years of service) (performance-
oriented obligation). The obligations for claims from anniversary bonuses is calculated by Actuaries in conformity with the
principles and manner of computation specified in Ind AS 19. Refer note 41(ii)
B.15. Taxation

Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the
reporting date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.

Current income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other
comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI
or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax base of assets and liabilities and their carrying
amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted
by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax
liability is settled.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if IT is probable that
future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences. However, where certainty of future taxable
profits is not established, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent of deferred tax liabilities arising from taxable
temporary differences that either will reverse in the same period as the deductible temporary differences, or will reverse in a
period in which the deferred tax asset can be utilised.

Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based
upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax planning strategies.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that IT is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised
deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that IT has become probable that
future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

In assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the Group relies on the same forecast assumptions used elsewhere in
the financial statements and in other management reports, which, among other things, reflect the potential impact of climate-
related development on the business, such as increased cost of production as a result of measures to reduce carbon emission.

The Group offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if and only if IT has a legally enforceable right to set off current
tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the
same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax
liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in
which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

Goods and Services Tax (GST)/value added taxes (VAT) paid on acquisition of assets or on incurring expenses

Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST/VAT paid, except:
When the tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case,
the tax paid is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item, as applicable
When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of tax included

The net amount of tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of other current/non-current
assets/liabilities in the balance sheet.
B.16 Provisions and contingent liabilities

The Group creates a provision when there is present obligation as a result of past events and IT is probable that an outflow
of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of
the amount of the obligation. A disclosure for a contingent liability is made when there is a possible obligation or a present
obligation that may, but probably will not, require an outflow of resources.
B.17. Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of
low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right
to use the underlying assets.

The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option
to extend the lease if IT is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if IT is
reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options.
The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether IT is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew
or terminate the lease. That is, IT considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for IT to exercise either the
B

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
renewal or termination. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or
change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or
to terminate (e.g., construction of significant leasehold improvements or significant customisation to the right-of-use asset).
Furthermore, the periods covered by termination options are included as part of the lease term only when they are reasonably
certain not to be exercised.
Right-of-use assets

The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset
is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of
lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date
less any lease incentives received. In case of acquisitions due to Business Combinations, the right-of-use assets were
measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the lease relative to
market terms. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the
estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

If ownership of the right-of-use asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise
of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The right-of-use assets are
also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting policies in section B.11 Impairment of non-financial assets.
Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in substance fixed
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase
option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease
term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or
a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or
condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate ( IBR ) at the lease
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The IBR is the rate of
interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary
to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore
reflects what the Group would have to pay , which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as
for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and
conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary s functional currency). The Group estimates the
IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific
estimates (such as the subsidiary s stand-alone credit rating).

After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification,
a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change
in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the
underlying asset.
Short term leases and low value leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office spaces and certain
equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
a purchase option). IT also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that
are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

Group as lessor

The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its investment property portfolio. The Group has determined, based
on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term not constituting a major part of the
economic life of the commercial property and the present value of the minimum lease payments not amounting to substantially
all of the fair value of the commercial property, that IT retains substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
of these properties and accounts for the contracts as operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-
line basis over the lease terms. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
B.18. Government grant and Incentives

Grants from the Government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
received, and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period necessary to match
them with the costs that they are intended to compensate and presented within other operating revenue.

Government grants in the nature of export incentives are accounted for in the period of export of goods if the entitlements can
be estimated with reasonable accuracy and conditions precedent to claim are reasonably expected to be fulfilled.

When loans or similar assistance are provided by Governments or related institutions, with an interest rate below the current
applicable market rate, the effect of this favorable interest is regarded as a Government grant. The loan or assistance is initially
recognised and measured at fair value and the Government grant is measured as the difference between the initial carrying
value of the loan and the proceeds received. The loan is subsequently measured as per the accounting policy applicable to
financial liabilities.

Investment grants from the public sector in BAIHAG Group companies are treated as compensation for the associated
depreciation. Accordingly, such grants are reduced from acquisition costs of related property, plant and equipment.
B.19. Dividends

Provision is made for any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the entity, on or
before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.
B.20 Cash and cash equivalents

For presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, other short-term, highly
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
B.21 Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders by
the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Earnings considered in ascertaining the Group s
earnings per share is the net profit for the period. The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period
and all periods presented is adjusted for events, such as bonus shares, other than the conversion of potential equity shares that
have changed the number of equity shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources.

For calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity
shares.
B.22 Fair value measurement

The Group measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair value is the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date.
B

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes
place either:
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their best economic interest.

benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling IT to another market participant that would use the asset in

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair
value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly
or indirectly observable
Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
unobservable.

The Group has set policies and procedures for both recurring and non-recurring fair value measurement of financial assets,
which includes valuation techniques and inputs to use for each case.

For fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities based on the nature, characteristics and
risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.

This note summarises accounting policy for fair value. Other fair value related disclosures are given in the relevant notes.
Disclosures for valuation methods, significant estimates and assumptions (note B.4)
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy (note 39)
Investment properties (note 3)
Financial instruments (including those carried at amortised cost) (note 39)
B.23. Other income
Dividends

Dividends are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss only when the right to receive payment is established, and
IT is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and that the amount of the
dividend can be measured reliably.
Other income

The Group recognises other income on accrual basis. However, where the ultimate collection of the same lacks reasonable
certainty, revenue recognition is postponed to the extent revenue is reasonably certain and can be reliably measured.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
B
B.24 Share based payment

Certain employees (including senior executives) of the Group receive part of their remuneration in the form of employee stock
options (ESOP).

The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate
valuation model. Estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires determination of the most appropriate
valuation model, which depends on the terms and conditions of the grant. This estimate also requires determination of the most
appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the share option or appreciation right, volatility and
dividend yield and making assumptions about them. Further details including the assumptions and models used for estimating
fair value for share-based payment transactions are given in note 36.

That cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in share-based payment reserve in equity, over the period
in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits expense. The cumulative expense
recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting
period has expired and the Group s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The expense or
credit in the Statement of Profit and Loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the
beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee benefits expense.

Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of
ESOPs, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group s best estimate of the number of equity
instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other
conditions attached to an ESOP, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions.
Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an ESOP and lead to an immediate expensing of an ESOP unless there
are also service and/or performance conditions.

No expense is recognised for ESOPs that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions
have not been met. Where ESOPs include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vested irrespective
of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are
satisfied.

The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.
B.25. Treasury shares

The Group has created an ESOP Trust (the Trust ) for providing share-based payment to its employees. The Group uses the
Trust as a vehicle for distributing shares to employees under the Employee Stock Option Scheme. The Trust purchases shares
of the Group from the market or is issued shares by the Group, for giving shares to employees. The Group treats Trust as its
extension and shares held by the Trust are treated as treasury shares.

Own equity instruments that are re-acquired (treasury shares) are recognised at cost and deducted from other equity. No gain
or loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group s own equity
instruments. Share options exercised during the reporting period are settled with treasury shares.

B.26. Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Core Management
Committee which includes the Managing Director who is the Chief Operating Decision Maker. The Core Management Committee
examines performance both from a product as well as from a geographical perspective and has identified three operative
reportable segments from which significant risks and rewards are derived viz. Automotive business and Investments and
Financing.
B.27. Borrowing cost
Automotive business

Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. There are no general and specific borrowing costs
incurred by the Group that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset
during the year.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

Finance Cost - pertaining to financing Borrowing costs on financial liabilities are recognised using the EIR method as per
Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments .

Fees and commission expenses which are not directly linked to the sourcing of financial assets, such as recovery charges
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on an accrual basis.
B.28 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

New and amended standards

Certain accounting standards, amendments and interpretations apply for the first time annual periods beginning on or after 1
April 2025, but do not have an impact on the financial statements of the Group. The Group has not early adopted any standards
or amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective.
B

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26

(vi)=(i)+(ii)+
(iii)-(iv)+(v)
(i) Property, plant and equipment and Right-of-use assets
Land freehold
19.97
-
550.52
-
8.70
579.19
-
579.19
146.47
4.19
74.39
-
1.13
226.18
-
2.19
-
2.19
223.99
Buildings
1,510.94
25.33
1,684.43
11.69
41.96
3,250.97
484.39
-
53.20
(1.54)
536.05
2,714.92
Buildings (Right-of-use assets)
-
140.22
-
8.88
149.10
-
4.07
-
4.07
145.03
23.26
0.12
-
23.38
16.06
-
0.55
-
16.61
6.77
1,884.25
113.11
917.59
62.53
30.24
2,882.66
1,123.63
46.63
103.03
0.22
1,180.25
1,702.41
Plant and machinery (Right-of-use assets)
-
198.81
-
3.20
202.01
-
2.94
-
2.94
199.07
Computers and IT Equipment
137.29
43.92
28.97
21.54
0.63
189.27
89.48
11.29
26.81
(0.03)
104.97
84.30
Computers and IT Equipment
(Right-of-use assets)
-
10.00
11.10
-
0.16
21.26
-
0.84
-
0.84
20.42
Dies and moulds
1,404.00
201.22
-
11.59
2.01
1,595.64
742.30
10.54
155.85
-
887.61
708.03
Dies and moulds (Right-of-use assets)
-
45.04
0.02
7.91
52.93
-
8.13
-
8.13
44.80
Electric installations
107.69
8.69
-
0.26
-
116.12
78.37
0.26
3.52
-
81.63
34.49
Factory equipment
632.12
43.91
84.02
3.57
2.55
759.03
354.17
2.61
38.10
0.08
389.74
369.29
Factory equipment (Right-of-use assets)
-
1.40
-
0.02
1.42
-
0.04
-
0.04
1.38
Furniture
59.74
13.25
-
0.45
0.24
72.78
43.95
0.45
4.36
0.06
47.92
24.86
Office equipment
72.18
7.09
182.32
0.36
45.70
306.93
56.59
0.36
17.50
(1.50)
72.23
234.70
Office equipment (Right-of-use assets)
-
0.17
24.76
-
1.00
25.93
-
1.30
-
1.30
24.63
Electric fittings
60.52
0.81
-
0.24
-
61.09
35.81
0.24
3.55
-
39.12
21.97
790.89
26.04
29.08
32.74
0.70
813.97
235.83
30.33
95.13
0.02
300.65
513.32
Vehicles and aircraft (Right-of-use assets)
-
2.05
73.99
-
1.96
78.00
-
4.26
-
4.26
73.74
Total
6,849.32
499.90
4,046.64
144.99
156.99
11,407.86
3,260.58
102.71
525.37
(2.69)
3,680.55
7,727.31
(ii) Capital work-in-progress
29.20
50.96
73.60
35.22
1.78
120.32
-
120.32

(a) At cost (less Depreciation), except freehold land which is at cost.
(b) No revaluation has been done during the year with respect to property, plant and equipment.
(c) For additions due to acquisition refer note 46.
(d) The group has elected to continue with the carrying value of all Property, plant and equipment measured as per the previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed cost of Property, plant and equipment
(e) As of the balance sheet date, property, plant and equipment in the amount of H 604.72 crore were secured by pledge deeds entered and deposited in the land register, primarily for liabilities to banks.
(f) For disclosure related to right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities see note 24.

Ageing Schedule for Capital work-in-progress
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total
Projects in Progress
114.94
5.37
0.01
-
120.32
-
Total
114.94
5.37
0.01
-
120.32
Property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets)

Current year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block
Depreciation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Additions
Deductions/
Foreign
As at
31. Mar
As at
1. April
Deductions/
For the
Foreign
As at
31. Mar
As at
31. Mar

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(iv)=(i)+(ii)-(iii)
(vi)
(viii)=(v) -(vi)+(vii)
(i) Property, plant and equipment
Land freehold
19.97
-
19.97
-
19.97
148.45
-
1.98
146.47
-
146.47
Buildings
1,401.42
109.58
0.06
1,510.94
442.16
0.04
42.27
484.39
1,026.55
20.06
3.20
-
23.26
15.65
-
0.41
16.06
7.20
1,689.91
213.81
19.47
1,884.25
1,062.70
16.10
77.03
1,123.63
760.62
Computers and IT Equipment
93.60
43.73
0.04
137.29
76.75
0.04
12.78
89.48
47.81
Dies and moulds
1,040.42
364.49
0.91
1,404.00
628.25
0.87
114.92
742.30
661.70
Electric installations
97.60
10.09
-
107.69
75.56
-
2.81
78.37
29.32
Factory equipment
594.39
38.99
1.26
632.12
321.46
1.18
33.89
354.17
277.95
Furniture
54.59
5.34
0.19
59.74
38.47
0.15
5.63
43.95
15.79
Office equipment
68.55
4.40
0.77
72.18
51.48
0.76
5.87
56.59
15.59
Electric fittings
58.00
2.71
0.19
60.52
32.23
0.19
3.77
35.81
24.71
757.64
47.03
13.78
790.89
152.43
11.84
95.24
235.83
555.06
Total
6,044.60
843.37
38.65
6,849.32
2,897.14
31.17
394.62
3,260.58
3,588.74
(ii) Capital work-in-progress
28.23
29.98
29.01
29.20
-
29.20

(a) At cost, except leasehold land which is at cost, less depreciation.
(b) No revaluation has been done during the year with respect to property, plant and equipment.
(c) No assets acquired or transferred as part of business combination.

Ageing Schedule for Capital work-in-progress
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total

Projects in progress
27.57
1.63
-
29.20
-
Total
27.57
1.63
-
29.20
Property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) (Contd.)

Previous year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block
Depreciation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Deductions/
As at
31. March
As at
1. April
Deductions/
For the
As at
31. March
As at
31. March

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
3. Investment property
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Opening balance
69.67
Additions
1.66
-
Closing balance
71.33
69.67
Accumulated depreciation
Opening balance
21.89
20.77
Depreciation charge
1.13
1.12
Closing balance
23.02
21.89
48.31
47.78
Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss for investment properties
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Rental income
21.18
19.70
Direct operating expenses from property that generated rental income
(0.05)
(0.36)
Direct operating expenses from property that did not generate rental income
-
Profit from investment properties before depreciation
21.13
19.34
Depreciation
(1.13)
(1.12)
Net profit from investment property
20.00
18.22
Contractual obligations

The Group has no restrictions on the realisability of its investment property. There are no contractual obligations to purchase,
construct or develop investment property as at the year end.
Leasing arrangements

Investment property is leased out to various tenants under operating leases. Disclosure on future rent receivable is included in
Note 24.
Fair value
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Investment property
238.78
234.09
Estimation of fair value
The best evidence of fair value is current prices in an active market for similar properties. Since investment properties leased out
by the Group are cancellable and non-cancellable leases, the market rate for sale/purchase of such premises are representative of
fair values. Group s investment properties are at a location where active market is available for similar kind of properties. Hence, fair
value is ascertained on the basis of market rates prevailing for similar properties in those locations determined by an independent
registered valuer, as defined under rule 2 of Companies (Registered Valuers and Valuation) Rules 2017, and consequently classified
as a level 2 valuation.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Intangible assets

Current year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block
Amortisation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Additions
Deductions/
Foreign
As at 31
March
As at
1. April
Deductions/
For the
Foreign
As at 31
March
As at
31. Mar

(vi)=(i)+(ii)+(iii)-
(iv)+(v)
Intangible assets
Technical know-how developed/acquired
149.48
271.17
121.79
-
2.53
544.97
133.07
-
54.34
0.17
187.58
357.39
Customer relationships
-
751.74
-
14.49
766.23
-
7.09
-
7.09
759.14
Trademarks
-
0.15
2,799.87
-
54.45
2,854.47
-
8.40
-
8.40
2,846.07
Software
26.90
6.45
251.52
15.35
4.86
274.38
3.24
-
48.36
-
51.60
222.78
Total Intangible assets
176.38
277.77
3,924.92
15.35
76.33
4,440.05
136.31
-
118.19
0.17
254.67
4,185.38
31.60
104.37
1,442.30
205.27
27.73
1,400.73
-
1,400.73

(b) In accordance with IndAS 20, investment grants from the public sector are to be treated as compensation for the associated depreciation. The net method according to IndAS 20.24 (reduction of acquisition and

production costs resulting in lower depreciation offset) is used.
(c) There are no restrictions over the title of the Group s intangible assets, nor are any intangible assets pledged as security for liabilities.
(d) For additions due to acquisition refer note 46.

Particulars
Less than
More than
Total
Projects in Progress
84.50
187.46
246.67
882.10
1,400.73
-
Total
84.50
187.46
246.67
882.10
1,400.73
Intangible assets

Previous year
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Gross block
Amortisation
Net block
As at
1. April
Additions
Additions
Deductions/
Foreign
As at
31. March 2025
As at
1. April
Deductions/
For the
Foreign
As at
31. March
As at
31. Mar

(vi)=(i)+(ii)+(iii)-
(iv)+(v)
Intangible assets
Technical know-how developed/acquired
131.30
18.18
-
149.48
119.38
-
13.69
-
133.07
16.41
Software
9.51
17.39
-
26.90
0.42
-
2.82
-
3.24
23.66
Total Intangible assets
140.81
35.57
-
176.38
119.80
-
16.51
-
136.31
40.07
6.87
39.64
-
14.91
-
31.60
-
31.60

(a) No revaluation had been done during the previous year with respect to intangible assets.
(b) There were no restrictions over the title of the Group s intangible assets, nor were any intangible assets pledged as security for liabilities.

Particulars
Less than
More than
Total
Projects in Progress
31.60
-
31.60
-
Total
31.60
-
31.60

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
(A) Investments in associates (accounted at equity method) (Unquoted)
49,900 equity shares of Euro 1 each in Bajaj Auto International Holdings
AG (earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG)
-
3,688.27
-
49% equity held in CFMOTO-KTMR2R Motorcycles Company Limited
168.85
-
40% equity held in KTM Asia Motorcycle Manufacturing Inc
-
20% equity held in LX Media GmbH
0.33
-
20% equity held in KISKA GmbH
13.74
-
Less: Kiska GmBH (classified as held for sale)*
(13.74)
-
Total (A)
169.18
3,688.27
-
(B) Other investments
Investment carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
In equities (Quoted)
-
3,500,000 Equity Shares of H 10 each in Bajaj Holdings

& Investments Ltd.
3,061.10
4,365.57
-
In equities (Unquoted)
- 23,924 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of H 100 each

in Yulu Bikes Private Ltd.
98.20
261.08
-
100 Equity Shares of H 1 each in Yulu Bikes Private Ltd.
0.10
-
98.30
261.18
-
Investment in SDL (State development loan) bond (Unquoted)
224.70
78.30
-
Investment in Alternative Investment Fund (Unquoted)
-
60. Units of LUMIS LABS Fund - CARET CL A2
2.98
-
Investment carried at amortised cost (Quoted)
In Government Securities
(-)/(10,000,000) 6.49% Gujarat State Development Loan 2029 of H 100 each
-
100.22
-
(-)/(5,000,000) 6.57% Gujarat State Development Loan 2031 of H 100 each
-
50.10
-
(-)/(10,000,000) 6.53% Karnataka State Development Loan 2030
-
100.26
-
(-)/(4,150,000) 6.54% Karnataka State Development Loan 2030
-
41.53
-
(-)/(7,500,000) 6.96% Karnataka State Development Loan 2031
-
75.44
-
367.55
-

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
In Bonds
58,000/(-) 7.77% Power Finance Corporation of H 100,000 each
-
581.89
-
30,000/(-) 7.55% Power Finance Corporation of H 100,000 each
-
300.74
-
950/(-) 7.13% Power Finance Corporation of H 1,000,000 each
-
94.95
-
46,000/(-) 7.22% National Housing Bank of H 100,000 each
-
460.01
-
35,500/(-) 7.40% National Housing Bank of H 100,000 each
-
355.23
-
44,000/(-) 7.64% Rural Electrification Corporation of H 100,000 each
-
440.09
-
42,000/(-) 7.56% Rural Electrification Corporation of H 100,000 each
-
419.78
-
1,200/(-) 7.84% HDB Financial Services of H 1,000,000 each
-
119.95
-
500/(500) 8.18% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
51.81
52.40
-
1,750/(1,750) 8.24% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
182.53
184.76
-
4,550/(4,550) 7.43% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
468.75
471.85
-
700/(700) 7.10% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
71.69
72.08
-
600/(600) 6.87% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
60.67
60.82
-
2,800/(2,800) 6.39% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
278.37
278.10
-
750/(750) 6.42% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
74.13
73.95
-
250/(250) 6.44% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
24.75
24.70
-
1,900/(1,900) 6.49% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
189.90
189.83
-
250/(250) 6.85% National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
25.12
25.14
-
1,427.72
1,433.63
2,772.64
-
In Fixed deposits other than banks (Unquoted)
8.18% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
250.00
8.05% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
210.00
8.00% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
30.00
7.35% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
13.50
7.30% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
45.00
-
6.75% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
225.30
-
6.70% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
400.00
-
6.70% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
226.50
-
6.65% Bajaj Finance Ltd. Fixed Deposit
-
145.00
-
1,041.80
503.50

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
In Commercial paper (Unquoted)
6,000/(-) Commercial Paper of Rs 500,000 each of HDB Financial Services
- 07.07.2026
-
294.10
-
In Exchange traded funds (Quoted)
(-)/(8,724,846) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond ETF April 2025
-
1,117.86
15,940,436/(15,940,436) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF - April 2030
2,506.66
2,349.39
-
3,565,094/(3,565,094) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF - April 2031
502.80
471.18
-
4,282,638/(4,282,638) Edelweiss Mutual Fund Bharat Bond
ETF - April 2032
565.88
529.37
-
(-)/(43,000,000) Nippon India ETF Nifty SDL - April 2026
-
552.61
-
205,847,653/(205,847,653) Nippon India Nifty AAA CPSE
Bond Plus SDL Apr 2027 Maturity 60:40 Index Fund
262.54
245.32
-
48,828,497/(48,828,497) Nippon India Nifty SDL Plus G-Sec
Jun 2028 70:30 Index Fund
61.86
57.63
-
263,770,566/(263,770,566) Aditya Birla Sun Life Nifty SDL Plus
PSU Bond Sep 2026 60:40 Index Fund
-
319.49
338.21
-
166,093,651/(166,093,651) Aditya Birla Sun Life Nifty SDL
Apr 2027 Index Fund
213.02
200.71
-
226,004,362/(226,004,362) Aditya Birla Sun Life Crisil IBX SDL
Plus AAA PSU Apr 2027 60:40 Index Fund
288.34
269.87
-
76,795,997/(76,795,997) Aditya Birla Sun Life Crisil IBX GILT Plus
SDL Apr 2028 50:50 Index Fund
98.68
92.04
-
113,891,937/(113,891,937) Kotak Nifty SDL Apr 2027
Top 12 Equal Weight Index Fund
145.80
137.24
-
20,000,000/(20,000,000) Kotak Nifty SDL Apr 2032 Top 12 Equal Weight
Index Fund
26.39
24.68
-
48,396,620/(48,396,620) Kotak Nifty SDL Plus AAA PSU Bond
Jul 2028 60:40 Index Fund
61.99
57.72
-
298,359,352/(298,359,352) SBI CPSE Bond Plus SDL Sep 2026 50:50
Index Fund
-
359.35
380.75
-
183,849,514/(183,849,514) Axis Crisil IBX SDL 2027 Debt Index Fund
234.64
219.69
-
192,038,100/(192,038,100) HSBC Crisil IBX 50:50 Gilt Plus SDL
Apr 2028 Index Fund
246.85
230.18
-
191,980,955/(191,980,955) DSP Nifty SDL Plus G-Sec Jun 2028 30:70
Index Fund
246.92
230.23
-
81,937,188/(81,937,188) ICICI Prudential Nifty SDL Dec 2028 Index Fund
106.15
98.60
-
63,868,446/(63,868,446) ICICI Prudential Nifty SDL Sep 2027 Index Fund
81.72
76.89
-
5,650.24
6,522.19
718.96
1,117.86

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
In Fixed maturity plans (Unquoted)
44,000,000/(44,000,000) Units of Aditya Birla Sun Life Fixed Term Plan
- Series - TQ (1879 Days) - Direct Growth
56.05
52.78
-
48,000,000/(-) Units of Bandhan Fixed Term Plan Series 179 - Direct Growth
82.48
-
50,000,000/(50,000,000) Units of HDFC Fixed Maturity Plan- Series 46
(1861 Days) - Direct Growth
63.37
59.78
-
63,000,000/(-) Units of ICICI Prudential Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 85
10. Years Plan I - Direct Growth
107.75
-
74,996,250/(74,996,250) Units of Kotak Fixed Maturity Plan- Series 292 -
Direct Growth
-
92.55
98.05
-
44,997,750/(44,997,750) Units of Nippon India Fixed Horizon Fund XLIII
-Series 1 - Direct Growth
-
55.29
58.52
-
29,998,500/(29,998,500) Units of Nippon India Fixed Horizon Fund XLIII
-Series 5 - Direct Growth
38.65
36.32
-
74,996,250/(74,996,250) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 49
(1823 Days) - Direct Growth
-
92.25
97.70
-
60,000,000/(60,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 51
(1846 Days) - Direct Growth
-
73.02
77.18
-
25,000,000/(25,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 52
(1848 Days) - Direct Growth
-
30.27
31.96
-
60,000,000/(60,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 53
(1839 Days) - Direct Growth
-
72.59
76.73
-
7,500,000/(7,500,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 54
(1842 Days) - Direct Growth
-
9.11
9.65
-
50,000,000/(50,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 55
(1849 Days) - Direct Growth
-
60.41
63.92
-
52,500,000/(52,500,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 57
(1835 Days) - Direct Growth
-
63.24
66.91
-
50,000,000/(50,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 58
(1842 Days) - Direct Growth
-
60.72
64.47
-
40,000,000/(40,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan - Series 60
(1878 Days) - Direct Growth
50.77
47.92
-
65,000,000/(65,000,000) Units of SBI Fixed Maturity Plan (FMP) - Series 61
(1927 Days) - Direct Growth
82.74
77.93
-
481.81
884.18
645.09
-
Investment carried at fair value through profit or loss
In Mutual fund units (Quoted)
44,276,723/(-) Units of Axis Income Plus Arbitrage Active FoF - Direct
Plan - Growth
67.54
-
34,631,684/(34,631,684) Units of DSP Banking & PSU Debt Fund - Direct
Plan - Growth
88.36
84.62
-
22,236,948/(-) Units of DSP Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FoF - Direct Plan
- Growth
51.62
-
673,225,624/(673,225,624) Units of Bandhan Corporate Bond Fund - Direct
Plan-Growth (erstwhile IDFC Corporate Bond Fund-Direct Plan-Growth)
1,382.11
1,302.87
-

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
14,296,498/(14,296,498) Units of Bandhan Bond Fund - Short Term-
Direct Plan-Growth (erstwhile IDFC Bond Fund-Direct Plan-Growth)
90.80
85.44
-
117,182,739/(117,182,739) Units of Bandhan Banking & PSU Debt
Fund - Direct Plan - Growth (erstwhile IDFC Banking & & PSU Debt
Fund - Direct Plan - Growth)
307.51
290.48
-
18,914,853/(-) Units of Bandhan Income Plus Arbitrage Active FoF -
Direct Plan - Growth
90.49
-
171,472,479/(-) Units of Kotak Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FoF -
Direct Plan - Growth
220.40
-
30,603,467/(30,603,467) Units of Kotak Bond Short Term Plan-
Direct Plan - Growth
182.24
171.52
-
22,032,838/(-) Units of HSBC Income Plus Arbitrage Active FoF -
Direct Plan - Growth
51.84
-
30,779,648/(30,779,648) Units of HSBC Short Duration Fund -
Direct Plan- Growth
89.46
84.30
-
122,864,287/(122,864,287) Units of Nippon India Floating Rate Fund -
Short Term-Direct Plan - Growth
607.75
570.06
-
146,141,389/(146,141,389) Units of ICICI Prudential Bond Fund -
Direct Plan-Growth
632.64
610.15
-
449,031,864/(449,031,864) Units of HDFC Corporate Bond Fund -
Direct Plan-Growth
1,532.71
1,461.22
-
116,201,242/(116,201,242) Units of HSBC Banking & PSU Debt Fund -
Direct Plan- Growth
306.94
289.87
-
5,702.41
4,950.53
-
In Short Duration Bond Funds (Quoted)
211,215,073/(132,151,678) Units of Aditya Birla Sun Life CRISIL-IBX
Financial Services 3 to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
230.57
135.20
161,608,341/(-) Units of Aditya Birla Sun Life CRISIL-IBX Financial
Services 9 to 12 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
173.05
-
19,440,313/(-) Units of Axis CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3 to 6 Months
Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
20.04
-
16,786,810/(58,528,134) Units of Bandhan Money Manager Fund - Direct
Plan - Growth
-
76.75
250.50
37,408,699/(-) Units of Bandhan CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3 to 6
Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
40.11
-
650,000/(-) Units of Bajaj Finserv Low Duration Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
65.29
-
(-)/(48,894,814) Units of Edelweiss Money Market Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
150.30
(-)/(497,759) Units of Edelweiss Low Duration Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
50.03
132,531,831/(-) Units of HDFC CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3 to 6 Months
Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
140.49
-
(-)/(46,938,133) Units of Kotak Nifty AAA Bond Jun 2025 HTM Index Fund
- Direct Plan - Growth
-
50.60
(-)/(49,750,749) Units of Kotak CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 3 to 6 Months
Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
50.08

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
99,011,324/(-) Units of Kotak CRISIL-IBX Financial Services 9 to 12 Months
Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
101.70
-
40,547,481/(-) Units of Kotak CRISIL IBX AAA Financial Services
Index - Sep 2027 Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
45.52
-
28,243,139/(-) Units of Kotak CRISIL-IBX AAA Bond Financial Services
Index - Dec 2026 Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
30.58
-
79,880,024/(-) Units of Nippon CRISIL-IBX Financial Services
9 to 12 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
80.16
-
19,981,218/(-) Units of Nippon CRISIL-IBX Financial Services
3 to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
20.06
-
(-)/(44,907,042) Units of ICICI Prudential CRISIL-IBX Financial Services
3 to 6 Months Debt Index Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
45.07
44,679,438/(254,900,813) Units of Bandhan Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
164.40
879.67
(-)/(49,438,933) Units of Bajaj Finserv Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
55.31
77,195,645/(509,540,461) Units of DSP Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
126.56
783.72
227,842,209/(227,842,209) Units of Edelweiss Arbitrage Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
497.13
465.79
(-)/(154,725,978) Units of HSBC Arbitrage Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
309.08
392,135/(-) Units of HDFC Liquid Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
212.14
-
2,265,433/(4,051,431) Units of Bajaj Finserv Liquid Fund -
Direct Plan - Growth
-
272.41
458.64
(-)/(736,150) Units of UTI Overnight Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
257.29
(-)/(3,219,398) Units of Nippon India Overnight Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
44.15
(-)/(1,481,406) Units of Axis Overnight Fund - Direct Plan - Growth
-
200.16
26,149,441/(22,947,339) Bandhan Ultra Short term Fund -
Direct Plan -Growth
-
42.11
34.69
Others
-
60.38
-
2,339.07
4,280.66

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Loans
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Employee loans
0.92
1.94
1.70
2.59
Loan to related party (see note 42)
-
460.44
-
36.84
Loans (considered good)*
321.97
21.40
49.88
-
Loans Receivable (financing service business)**
Secured term loans to customers under financing
(against hypothecation of vehicles)
10,856.05
6,049.87
7,978.63
3,453.41
Less: Impairment loss allowance
291.09
82.68
94.04
27.65
10,564.96
5,967.19
7,884.59
3,425.76
10,887.85
6,450.97
7,936.17
3,465.19
Investments (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current investments
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
In Equities (Unquoted)
69,020/(-) Equity Shares of H 10 each in Clean Max Godavari
Private Limited
12.08
-
Investment in optionally convertible redeemable non-cumulative
bonds of EURO 100,000 each (Unquoted)
-
460.45
-
Total (B)
16,661.34
19,323.58
7,811.66
5,902.02
Total (A)+(B)
16,830.52
23,011.85
7,811.66
5,902.02
Quoted
15,841.47
17,639.47
5,830.67
5,398.52
Unquoted
989.05
5,372.38
1,980.99
503.50
16,830.52
23,011.85
7,811.66
5,902.02
Notes to Investments
1. Investments made by the Group other than those with a maturity of less than one year, are intended to be held for long-term. On an assessment of the expected credit
loss due to significant changes in risk profile, no material provisions are required to be made.
2. In absence of an active market and non availability of quotes on a recognised stock exchange, investment in fixed maturity plans though listed on recognised stock
exchanges are disclosed as unquoted. Other mutual funds, though unlisted, are quoted on recognised stock exchanges at their previous day NAVs which is the quote for
the day.
* At the end of December 2025, the Group has made the strategic decision to sell the 20% share in KISKA GmbH. Accordingly, the Group has classified and valued these shares
as held for sale because pre-contractual agreements have already been reached with the majority shareholder in KISKA GmbH. By contract dated 14 January 2026,
the share in KISKA GmbH held for sale was sold to the previous majority shareholder, Loxone GmbH, at a balance sheet value of H 13.73 crore. Since, the entity is consolidated
as a part of BAIHAG Group with 3 months lag, balance of assets held for sale presented is as 31 December 2025. (Refer section B.1 of Material Accounting Policies)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Loans (Contd.)
* Details of loans
(H In Crore)
Name of party
Maturity
Date
Rate of
Interest p.a.
Secured/
Unsecured
Closing balance
Maximum balance
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Pierer Konzerngesellschaft mBH
(PIKO)
30. Jun
9.00%
Secured
319.90
-
322.20
-
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG
(BAIH AG) (Formerly known as 'Pierer
Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG')
31. Dec
3-month
Euribor +
200 bps
Unsecured
-
36.84
-
71.90
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG
(BAIH AG) (Formerly known as 'Pierer
Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG')
25. Feb
12-month
Euribor +
800 bps
Unsecured
-
460.44
-
460.44
Yulu Bikes Private Limited
31. Dec
10.6%
Unsecured
21.40
Above Yulu loans have been granted for general corporate purpose in the ordinary course of business. Other loans are pertaining to acquisition &
restructuring exercise of KTM entities.
** Financial Business Loan Summary
Summary of EIR impact on loans of financing business
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Total gross loan
18,941.95
9,577.11
Less: EIR impact
(107.27)
(73.83)
Total for gross term loan net of EIR impact
18,834.68
9,503.28
Summary of loans by stage distribution
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total

17,996.55
488.92
349.21
18,834.68
Less: Impairment loss allowance
(172.38)
(49.63)
(163.12)
(385.13)
17,824.17
439.29
186.09
18,449.55
Particulars
As at 31 March 2025
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total

9,240.92
186.28
76.08
9,503.28
Less: Impairment loss allowance
(55.46)
(20.65)
(34.22)
(110.33)
9,185.46
165.63
41.86
9,392.95

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Loans (Contd.)
Analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and corresponding ECL allowances in relation to loans:
Particulars
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment

As at 1 April 2025
9,240.92
55.44
186.29
20.66
76.08
34.24
9,503.29
110.34
Transfer during the Year
transfer to Stage 1
19.80
1.88
(19.18)
(1.66)
(0.62)
(0.22)
-
transfer to Stage 2
(380.72)
(3.58)
380.98
3.67
(0.26)
(0.09)
-
transfer to Stage 3
(495.36)
(5.91)
(146.05)
(17.35)
641.41
23.26
-
(856.28)
(7.61)
215.75
(15.34)
640.53
22.95
-
Impact of Chage in Credit
Risk on Account of Stage
movement
-
(1.74)
-
24.35
-
296.59
-
319.20
New credit exposures net of
repayments
12,778.73
119.20
187.22
20.50
74.04
31.86
13,039.99
171.56
Repayment net of additional
disbursement
(3,166.82)
7.09
(100.34)
(0.54)
(191.63)
27.29
(3,458.79)
33.84
Amount written off during
-
(249.81)
As at 31 March 2026
17,996.55
172.38
488.92
49.63
349.21
163.12
18,834.68
385.13
Particulars
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment
Term loan
(Gross)
Impairment

As at 1 April 2024
710.69
3.08
0.15
0.01
-
710.84
3.09
Transfer during the Year
transfer to Stage 1
0.01
-
(0.01)
-
transfer to Stage 2
(24.31)
(0.11)
24.31
0.11
-
transfer to Stage 3
-
(24.30)
(0.11)
24.30
0.11
-
Impact of Chage in Credit
Risk on Account of Stage
movement
-
1.95
-
15.79
-
17.74
New credit exposures net of
repayments
8,781.67
51.46
165.92
18.58
91.99
57.29
9,039.58
127.33
Repayment net of additional
disbursement
(227.14)
1.03
(4.09)
-
23.13
0.18
(208.10)
1.21
Amount written off during
-
(39.04)
As at 31 March 2025
9,240.92
55.46
186.28
20.65
76.08
34.22
9,503.28
110.33

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

(Unsecured, good, unless stated otherwise)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
At amortised costs
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

At amortised costs
Bank deposits [See note 12]*
-
92.11
290.48
514.18
Security deposits **
126.68
31.58
21.43
-
Interest receivable on investments
-
166.67
83.97
Interest receivable on loans, deposits etc.
-
48.73
8.92
Incentives receivable from Government
-
1,284.18
986.76
Other advances***
-
596.52
559.85
Other receivables
5.94
-
302.94
11.54
At fair value through profit and loss
Mark-to-market gains on derivative instruments # [See note 40]
-
2.51
At fair value through OCI
Mark-to-market gains on derivative instruments # [See note 40]
231.46
1.14
-
364.08
124.83
2,710.95
2,167.73
* The current balance H 290.48 crore as at 31 March 2026 represents a mandatory deposit maintained under the Wells Fargo program. The program is a structured
arrangement with Wells Fargo that requires the BAIHAG Group to hold a fixed deposit balance as part of its participation. This deposit is classified as restricted cash, as IT is
not available for immediate use or conversion. Any withdrawal or conversion of the deposit would result in termination of the program.
** Security deposits include a sum as at 31 March 2026 of H 2.17 crore (previous year H 1.92 crore) against use of premises on a Leave License basis, placed with directors
and their relatives, jointly and severally. [see note 42]
*** IT includes H 448.73 crores (previous year H 444.37 crore) short term interest free advances provided to dealers of holding company which are adjusted against loan
disbursements of the financial service business of the Group.
# 31 March 2026 Derivative transactions comprises Cross Currency Interest Rate Swaps (CCIRS). The Company undertakes such transactions for hedging interest/foreign
exchange risk on borrowings. The Asset Liability Management Committee periodically monitors and reviews the risks involved. The notional amount for CCIRS represents
underlying foreign currency borrowings for which the Company has entered to hedge the variable interest rate and foreign exchange risks.
31 March 2025: Forward contract receivable are derivative instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss which reflect the positive change in fair value of
those foreign exchange forward contracts that are not designated in hedge relationships, but are, nevertheless, intended to reduce the level of foreign currency risk.
Break-up of financial business loans details:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Loans considered good - Secured
17,996.55
9,240.92
Loans considered good - unsecured
-
Loans with significant increase in credit risk
488.92
186.28
Loans - credit impaired
349.21
76.08
Subtotal
18,834.68
9,503.28
Loss allowance
(385.13)
(110.33)
Total
18,449.55
9,392.95
See note 40 for disclosures related to credit risk, impairment of financial services receivables under expected credit loss model and related disclosure.
Loans (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Other assets

(Unsecured, good, unless stated otherwise)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Capital advances
26.70
33.30
-
Security deposits
7.59
7.45
-
Advances recoverable in cash or kind
Other advances
30.95
27.44
1,381.55
318.81
Doubtful advances
4.03
-
34.98
31.47
1,381.55
318.81
Less : Provision for doubtful advances
4.03
-
30.95
27.44
1,381.55
318.81
Gratuity asset [See note 41]
-
18.86
-
GST /VAT credit/refund receivable & others
-
1,220.38
494.25
Other assets
2.27
-
Incentives receivable from government authorities
-
76.60
47.75
67.51
87.05
2,678.53
860.81
Inventories
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Raw materials and components (includes in transit H 371.05 crore [previous year H 196.80 crore)]
2,402.89
1,289.96
411.94
56.42
Finished goods
3,441.11
703.74
Stores, spares and packing material
37.36
22.54
Loose tools
1.19
4.70
6,294.49
2,077.36
Amount recognised in profit and loss
As at 31 March 2026 write-downs of inventories to net realisable value/reversal of provision for write-down, resulted in net loss/
(gain) of H 707.71 crore [Previous year - H (45.34) crore].

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
10. Trade receivables
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March
Unsecured, considered good
-
3,473.44
2,125.22
Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk
18.43
14.45
162.89
-
18.43
14.45
3,636.33
2,125.22
Less: Allowance for bad and doubtful receivable [Note 40]
18.43
14.45
162.89
-
3,473.44
2,125.22
The BAIHAG group and its subsidiaries has derecognized trade receivables in connection with the factoring program in accordance with the provisions of IndAS 109.
As part of the factoring program, monthly revolving insured trade receivables are sold up to a maximum volume of H 1,054.68 crore. Trade receivables amounting to
H 889.49 crore were factored on non recourse basis and were outstanding as at 31 December, 2025. Up to a contractually defined amount, the BAIHAG group and its
subsidiaries continues to bear a risk from credit risk-related defaults. At the time of the sale, the expected loss is generally recognized as a liability. The carrying amount of
the ongoing exposure amounts to H 26.68 crore and is shown under the other financial liabilities. The carrying amount is the fair value of the ongoing exposure.
(H In Crore)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Less than
-1 year
More than
Total
3,468.27
0.77
1.67
2.66
0.07
3,473.44
60.59
29.70
82.93
0.45
0.70
174.37
-
iv) Disputed trade receivables - which have significant
0.01
0.14
0.20
-
6.60
6.95
3,528.87
30.61
84.80
3.11
7.37
3,654.76
(H In Crore)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Less than
More than
Total
2,121.80
0.51
2.84
-
0.07
2,125.22
5.33
0.90
0.56
0.50
7.85
iii) Disputed trade receivables - considered good
-
iv) Disputed trade receivables - which have significant
-
0.02
6.58
6.60
2,127.13
1.41
3.40
0.58
7.15
2,139.67

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
11 Cash and cash equivalents
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Balances with banks
2,552.01
1,245.58
Cash on hand
0.74
0.03
Cash equivalents
Fixed Deposits with original maturity of less than three months from date of acquisition
437.22
1,085.92
2,989.97
2,331.53
12 Other bank balances
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Unclaimed dividend & unspent CSR accounts
-
80.45
65.13
Deposits with original maturity of more than three months but less than
twelve months
-
1.47
450.94
Deposits with remaining maturity for more than twelve months
-
92.11
-
Deposits with remaining maturity for less than twelve months
-
290.48
514.18
-
92.11
372.40
1,030.25
Amount disclosed under 'other financial assets' [See note 7]
-
(92.11)
(290.48)
(514.18)
-
81.92
516.07
13 Equity share capital
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Authorised
300,000,000 equity shares of H 10 each (31 March 2025: 300,000,000 equity shares of H 10 each)
300.00
Issued, subscribed and fully paid-up shares
279,497,838 equity shares of H 10 each (31 March 2025: 279,257,608 equity shares of H 10 each)
279.50
279.26
279.50
279.26

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
a. Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2026
J. In Crore
J. In Crore

Equity shares
279,257,608
279.26
279,179,756
279.18
Issued during the year*
240,230
0.24
77,852
0.08
Bought back during the year**
-
279,497,838
279.50
279,257,608
279.26
* Issued to ESOP trust by the Company for ESOP.
** Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) and the rules made thereunder, as amended, applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended ( Buyback Regulations ) and other applicable laws, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting
held on 06 May 2026, recommended buy-back of up to 4,694,000 fully paid-up equity shares of the Company having face value of H 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each
( Equity Shares ) (representing up to 1.68% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company), at a price of H 12,000 (Indian Rupees
Twelve thousand only) per equity share payable in cash for an aggregate amount of up to H 5,633 crore/- (Indian Rupees Five thousand six hundred and thirty three
crore only) (excluding transaction costs such as brokerage cost, fees, turnover charges, expenses incurred or to be incurred for the buyback like filing fees payable to
the Securities and Exchange Board of India, advisors/legal fees, public announcement publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, applicable taxes such as
securities transaction tax, good and service tax, stamp duty, etc. and other incidental and related expenses, etc.) on a proportionate basis through the Tender Offer route
as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and other applicable law, from the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the equity shares of the company as on the
record date, subject to approval of shareholders.
b. Terms/rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of H 10 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one
vote per share. The interim dividend declared by the Board of Directors; and the final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors and
approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting is paid in Indian rupees. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the
holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts.
The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
c. Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
% Holding
% Holding

Equity shares of J 10 each fully paid
95,547,251
34.19%
95,547,251
34.21%
Jamnalal Sons Pvt. Ltd.
25,960,841
9.29%
25,960,841
9.30%

d. Shareholding of promoters
Promoter name
No. of
during

For FY2025-26
Shekhar Bajaj
6,020
0.00%
Madhur Bajaj
-
0.00%
(0.07%)
Niraj Bajaj
42,103
0.02%
0.00%
Rajiv Bajaj
7,45,001
0.27%
0.00%
Sanjiv Bajaj
2,00,000
0.07%
(0.04%)
Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited
95,547,251
34.19%
(0.03%)
.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Promoter name
No. of
during the
year*

For FY2024-25
Shekhar Bajaj
6,020
0.00%
Madhur Bajaj
1,97,561
0.07%
0.00%
Niraj Bajaj
42,103
0.02%
0.00%
Rajiv Bajaj
745,001
0.27%
0.00%
Sanjiv Bajaj
323,233
0.12%
0.00%
95,547,251
34.21%
(0.01%)
* There is no change in number of shares held however percentage of shareholding by the promoters is changed pursuant to increase on account of issue of
77,852 equity shares of the Company made during the year for ESOP.
13 Equity share capital (Contd.)
14 Other equity (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Reserves and surplus:
General reserve
6,389.60
Add: Transferred from surplus in Statement of Profit and Loss
-
6,389.60
Retained earnings
24,498.81
19,666.70
10,744.21
7,324.73
Items of other comprehensive income recognised directly in retained earnings
(1.50)
15.47
Less: Adjustments on account of change in share of net assets of associate
-
(330.88)
Add: Amount transferred from Share based payment reserve
6.46
67.89
Less: Appropriations
132.97
11.66
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025/2024
5,864.41
2,233.44
Total appropriations
5,997.38
2,245.10
29,250.60
24,498.81
Other reserves
Statutory reserve
144.63
11.66
Cash flow hedging reserve [See note 40]
3.03
(24.28)
Foreign exchange difference of subsidiary on paid-up capital
0.30
0.27
767.27
911.75
Capital Reserve (Refer notes below)
84.97
63.14

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
14 Other equity (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

FVTOCI reserve
2,871.59
1,665.71
Net (losses)/gains on FVTOCI equity/debt securities
(1,264.82)
1,205.88
1,606.77
2,871.59
Securities premium
115.57
86.31
93.24
29.26
208.81
115.57
10.41
-
10.41
99.44
102.62
70.60
64.71
Less: Transfer to retained earnings
(6.46)
(67.89)
163.58
99.44
Treasury shares
(38.48)
(89.49)
(39.00)
51.01
(77.48)
(38.48)
38,552.49
34,909.48
Nature and purpose of reserve:
General reserve
General reserve is free reserve available for distribution as recommended by Board in accordance with requirements of the
Companies Act, 2013. Mandatory transfer to general reserve is not required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Retained earnings
Retained earnings is a free reserve. This is the accumulated profit earned by the Group till date, less transfer to general reserve,
dividend and other distributions made to the shareholders.
Foreign exchange difference of subsidiary on paid-up capital
This reserve represents the foreign exchange difference due to rate on the date of receipt vis-à-vis date of share certificate issued.
This reserve represents the foreign exchange differences on converting subsidiaries financials into INR, including other adjustments
on consolidation.
FVTOCI reserve
The Company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
income. These changes are accumulated within the FVTOCI reserve within equity.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Securities premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in securities premium.
IT represents the cumulative gains/(losses) arising on revaluation of the derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges
through OCI.
As per section 69 of the Companies Act 2013, where a company purchases its own shares out of free reserves or securities premium
account, a sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased shall be transferred to the capital redemption reserve account.
The capital redemption reserve account may be applied by the Group, in paying up unissued shares of the Group to be issued to
members of the Group as fully paid bonus shares.
Share based payment reserve is created as required by Ind AS 102 Share Based Payments on the employee stock option scheme
operated by the Company for its employees.
Capital reserve
Capital reserve mainly represent fair value gains/(losses) on swapping of stake in associate entity pursuant to buy back.
During the year, the Company acquired additional shares in Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG),
resulting in 100% control and reclassification from associate to subsidiary. The acquisition led to a bargain purchase gain of H 21.83
crore, which has been recognised in other comprehensive income and transferred to capital reserve in accordance with Ind AS 103.
Statutory reserve
For its financing subsidiary, every year the company transfers sum of not less than twenty percent of net profit of that year to the
statutory reserve fund created pursuant to section 45IC(1) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. No appropriation of any sum from
the reserve fund is permitted except for the purpose as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time.
Treasury shares
The reserve for shares of the Company held by the Bajaj Auto ESOP Trust (ESOP Trust). Company has issued employees stock option
scheme for its employees. The equity shares of the Company have been purchased and held by ESOP Trust. Trust to transfer in the
name of employees at the time of exercise of option by employees.
14 Other equity (Contd.)
15. Non-Controlling Interest
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Current
As at 31 March

Opening balance
0.01
Additions/adjustment during the year due to acquisition (see note 46)
1,533.30
-
Add/Less: FCTR
24.83
-
Share of profit/(loss) for the year
(169.71)
-
1,388.43
0.01

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
16. Borrowings
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Secured
Term loan from banks (refer note (i) for details)

-
INR loans
7,480.75
4,199.95
5,652.40
2,339.17

-
Foreign currency loan
2,369.57
1,882.79
39.70
-
Secured NCD (7.25%, 50,000 NCD of H 100,000 each)
500.00
-
Interest accrued but not due
-
25.90
14.61
Other Loans
Unsecured
Term loan from banks

-
Foreign currency loan
4,988.61
-
871.94
-
Loan from Related parties
-
42.62
-
Interest accrued but not due on loan from related parties
0.01
-
9.09
-
INR loan, from a bank as packing credit facility against exports
-
800.00
15,338.94
6,082.74
6,641.65
3,153.78
Current borrowings includes:
Current maturities of long term borrowings
Secured
5,718.00
2,353.78

Unsecured
51.71
-

5,769.71
2,353.78
Details of loans:
Particulars
Maturity
Date
Secured/
Unsecured
Interest
Rate
(J In
Crore) Repayment Terms

FY 2025-26
Term loan 1
31-Dec-29
Secured
7.15%-7.90%
1,285.18 Quarterly
Term loan 2
15-Mar-27
Secured
6.13% - 7.10%
400.00. Bullet
Term loan 3
11-Nov-27
Secured
6.15% - 8.20%
291.67. Quarterly
Term loan 4
27-Nov-28
Secured
5.4% - 8.52%
1,258.83 Quarterly
Term loan 5 (Foreign currency loan) (ECB)
26-Mar-29
Secured
7.75% - 8.60%
2,081.77 5 quarterly installments before maturity
Term loan 6
26-Mar-30
Secured
5.4% - 8.50%
1,111.79 Quarterly
Term loan 7
14-Oct-27
Secured
8.14%
500.00 5 monthly installments before maturity
Term loan 8
23-Feb-29
Secured
7.50%
500.00. Bullet
Term loan 9
26-Sep-29
Secured
7.25%-8.70%
1,199.58 Quarterly
Term loan 10
30-Aug-28
Secured
7.42% -8.38%
1,166.66 Quarterly
Term loan 11
29-Sep-27
Secured
7.71% - 8.10%
468.72. Quarterly
Term loan 12
18-Jun-26
Secured
7.35%
250.00. Bullet
Term loan 13
22-Jan-28
Secured
7.45%-7.61%
160.00. Half yearly
Term loan 14
31-Jul-28
Secured
7.01%-7.40%
1,286.62 Quarterly
Term loan 15
30-Sep-28
Secured
7.20%-7.45%
832.88. Quarterly
Term loan 16
29-Dec-28
Secured
7.55%-7.8%
674.58. Quarterly
Term loan 17
15-Aug-28
Secured
7.50%
340.91. Quarterly
Term loan 18
18-Nov-29
Secured
7.4%-7.53%
1,405.99 Quarterly
Unsecured Bank loan of Euro 473 million*
Unsecured
EURIBOR+1.40
4988.58. Quarterly (Starting June 2027)
Unsecured Bank loan of Euro 50 million
19-May-26
Unsecured
EURIBOR+1.50
544.98. Repayable in Full
Unsecured Bank loan of Euro 30 million
18-May-26
Unsecured
EURIBOR+1.35
326.99. Repayable in Full

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Details of loans:
Particulars
Maturity
Date
Secured/
Unsecured
Interest
Rate
(J In
Crore) Repayment Terms

1.05% Oberbank Secured loans
30-Jun-29
Secured
1.05%
34.83. Half-yearly
4.03% Pierer Industrie
31-Dec-26
Unsecured
4.03%
42.62. Repayable in Full
8.35% Mortgage loan - Nuveen
10-Apr-56
Secured
8.35%
147.18. Half-yearly
5.79% Oberbank Secured loans
30-Jun-29
Secured
5.79%
96.76. Half-yearly
4.12% Oberbank Secured loans
30-Jun-42
Secured
4.12%
35.71. Half-yearly
2.24% Mortgage loan - RLB
31-Jul-26
Secured
2.24%
4.44. Half-yearly
2.24% Mortgage loan - SPK
31-Jul-26
Secured
2.24%
8.57. Half-yearly
Non-convertible Debenture- Secured (NCD)
27-Nov-28
Secured
7.25%
500.00. Repayable in Full
Less: Impact of EIR
(0.25)
Total
21945.59
a) Term loans other than ECB is denominated in indian currency and secured against loans and book debts.
b) External commercial borrowing is denominated in foreign currency and secured against loans and book debts.
c) Other than Term loans, ECB and NCD, loans of BAIHAG group are secured by property, plant and equipment as specified under notes to accounts 2(e).
* On 26 February 2026 BAIHAG has entered into a new loans of BAIHAG group agreement of Euro 550 million with international banking consortium consisting of J.P.
Morgan SE, HSBC, DBS Bank Limited and MUFG Bank Ltd. The BAIHAG Group has obtained a sanctioned borrowing facility from its lenders amounting to Euro 550 million.
As at the reporting date, the BAIHAG group has utilised approximately Euro 473 million of the sanctioned limit, with the balance remaining unutilised.
The borrowing has been accounted as significant transactions between 31 December 2025 and the date of these financial statement in accordance with Paragraph B93 of IndAS 110.
The BAIHAG Group s financing arrangements are subject to certain financial covenants, compliance with which is required throughout the tenure of the facilities at BAIHAG
level. The principal covenants are as follows:
- Ratio of total net debt to consolidated EBITDA shall not exceed; (4.5:1 - June 2027, 3.5:1 - December 27 to June 2028, 2.5:1 December 2028 to June 2030).
- Ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated net finance charges shall not be less than; (2:1 - June 2027, 3:1 - December 27 to June 2028, 4:1 December 2028 to June 2029).
- Consolidated net worth shall not at any time be less than zero.
The Borrower and BAIHAG Group entities shall not create or permit any security over their assets, except for permitted liens and arrangements in the ordinary course
of business. The BAIHAG Group shall not enter into sale-and-leaseback transactions, dispose receivables on recourse terms, enter title retention or preferential
arrangements, or permit set-off/combination of accounts, where such transactions are primarily for raising indebtedness or financing asset acquisitions.
The covenant would be tested at the end of each reporting period or the relevant date as mentioned in the agreement. The BAIHAG Group currently has no indication that
IT will have difficulty complying with this covenant.
- The borrowings pertaining to financial service business of the Group, has unutilised H 1000 crore of the sanctioned limit. Also, these borrowings are subject to

major covenants as, Shareholding of Holding Company to be atleast 51% and CRAR to be maintained as per regulatory guidelines.
- The other loans do not carry any significant covenant.
Particulars
Maturity
Date
Secured/
Unsecured
Interest
Rate
(J In Crore) Repayment Terms

FY 2024-25
Term loan 1
02-Sep-28
Secured
7.80%- 8.03%
874.98. Quarterly
Term loan 2
16-Mar-26
Secured
7.62% - 7.77%
400.00. Bullet
Term loan 3
30-Nov-28
Secured
8.50%- 8.55%
468.75. Quarterly
Term loan 4
11-Nov-27
Secured
7.85% - 8.42%
491.67. Quarterly
Term loan 5 (Foreign currency loan)
26-Mar-29
Secured
7.75% - 8.60%
1,882.79 5 quarterly instalments
before maturity
Term loan 6
20-Mar-28
Secured
7.20% - 8.70%
770.83. Quarterly
Term loan 7
29-Sep-27
Secured
8.50% - 8.60%
1,045.83 Quarterly
Term loan 8
14-Oct-27
Secured
8.14%
500.00 5 monthly instalments
before maturity
Term loan 9
31-Dec-28
Secured
8.60% - 8.70%
374.98. Quarterly
Term loan 10
28-Mar-28
Secured
8.38%
500.00. Quarterly
Term loan 11
29-Sep-27
Secured
8.10% - 8.60%
625.00. Quarterly
Term loan 12
29-Feb-28
Secured
8.40%
487.49. Quarterly
Packing credit facility
20-Jun-25
Secured
1m T-bill+43
bps
800.00. Repayable in Full
Less: Impact of EIR
(0.41)
Total
9,221.91
a) Term loans other than ECB is denominated in indian currency and secured against loans and book debts.
b) External commercial borrowing is denominated in foreign currency and secured against loans and book debts.
16 Borrowings (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
18 Other financial liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Security deposits
55.33
-
217.57
126.40
Unclaimed dividend
-
37.70
27.87
Directors' remuneration and commission payable
-
38.33
38.43
Employee benefits payable
-
443.91
329.01
Derivative financial liability * [See note 40]
14.62
18.56
10.49
-
Other payables
-
31.66
596.02
221.86
69.95
50.22
1,344.02
743.57
Refer note 39 for financial liabilities measured at amortised cost.
* Derivative transactions includes Cross Currency Interest Rate Swaps (CCIRS) and Interest rate swap (IRS). The Company undertakes such transactions for hedging
interest/foreign exchange risk on borrowings. The Asset Liability Management Committee periodically monitors and reviews the risks involved. The notional amount for
CCIRS represents underlying foreign currency borrowings for which the Company has entered to hedge the variable interest rate and foreign exchange risks.
The notional amount for IRS represents underlying India currency borrowings for which the Company has entered to hedge the variable interest rate risks.
17 Sales tax deferral
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Unsecured
Sales tax deferral liability/loan, an incentive under Package Scheme of Incentives 1983 and 1993 - interest
free, partially prepaid
73.30
127.64
73.30
127.64
The exemption of interest on the sales tax liability deferred for payment is considered as a Government grant and measured at an internal
rate of return available for pre-payment of the liability as per the sales tax rules. [See note 40]
19. Provisions
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Non-current
Current
As at 31 March
As at 31 March

Provision for employee benefits [See note 41 of financial statements]
Provision for gratuity
71.33
5.24
-
Provision for compensated absences
-
8.64
238.12
141.00
Provision for severance
226.37
-
12.09
-
Provision for anniversary bonus
69.53
-
Provision for welfare scheme
0.41
0.45
-
367.64
14.33
250.21
141.00
Other provisions
-
448.91
120.72
-
448.91
120.72
367.64
14.33
699.12
261.72

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
19 Provisions (Contd.)
Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the reporting
period. These claims are expected to be settled in the next financial year. Management estimates the provision based on historical
warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ from historical amounts.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

120.72
56.90
Arising during the year
253.87
156.92
Add: Additions due to acquisitions
112.48
-
Utilised during the year
38.16
93.10
448.91
120.72
Current portion
448.91
120.72
Non-current portion
-
20 Deferred tax assets/liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

892.06
1,123.03
Add: Addition due to acquisitions
412.24
-
1,304.30
1,123.03
309.01
88.69
Net Deferred Tax liabilities
995.29
1,034.34
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

588.93
198.06
Intangible assets
1,240.84
-
Employee benefits
Defined benefit plans provisions - P&L
-
4.06
Defined benefit plans provisions - OCI
1.07
1.10
Financial instruments
Mutual funds including fixed maturity plans, ETFs
547.45
502.47
Fair valuation of derivative hedging contracts
-
4.03
Financial assets at FVTOCI
269.26
479.09
Gross deferred tax liabilities
2,647.55
1,188.81

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

101.50
-
Inventories
128.48
-
Trade payables
128.97
-
Receivables and other short-term assets
57.70
-
Financial instruments
Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
27.00
-
Employee benefits
Bonus provisions
19.48
2.40
Provision for privilege leave etc.
57.71
37.65
Defined benefit plans provisions - P&L
18.27
0.34
Defined benefit plans provisions - OCI
2.82
1.24
Welfare scheme costs & others
0.08
0.11
542.01
41.74
Other items
Un-utilised tax loss
21.13
41.87
Deferred Income
-
18.58
Expected Credit Loss
87.05
25.31
Investments in subsidiaries ( Siebentel from AT tax law)*
921.28
-
Amortisation on acquisition/liquidation of fixed income securities
4.27
13.77
58.76
0.27
Provision for bad/doubtful debts and advances
5.65
0.82
12.11
1,110.25
112.73
Gross deferred tax assets
1,652.26
154.47
Net deferred tax
(995.29)
(1,034.34)
* This pertains to deferred tax assets recognised on carry forward tax losses (in BAIHAG Group) to the extent of offsetting against deferred tax liabilities. The tax losses in
Austria can be carryforward indefinetly
.
J. In Crore
At 1 April 2024
493.13
Charged/(credited)
-
to profit & loss
274.95
-
265.72
0.54
At 31 March 2025
1,034.34
20 Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
20 Deferred tax assets/liabilities (Contd.)
J. In Crore
Net Deferred taxes liabilities due to acquisition (see note 46)
412.24
Charged/(credited)
-
to profit & loss
(254.66)
-
(204.58)
7.95
At 31 March 2026
995.29
21 Other non-current liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

0.02
0.05
Other payables
15.81
-
15.83
0.05
22. Trade payables
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

222.94
253.56
8,581.07
6,119.15
8,804.01
6,372.71
(H In Crore)
Due - Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Particulars
Unbilled
Not due
Less than
More than
Total
-
222.54
0.40
-
222.94
(ii) Others
1,489.37
6,053.65
981.49
35.92
14.80
5.84
8,581.07
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME
-
(iv) Disputed dues - Others
-
1,489.37
6,276.19
981.89
35.92
14.80
5.84
8,804.01

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Due - Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Particulars
Unbilled
Not due
Less than
More than
Total
-
253.56
-
253.56
(ii) Others
1,127.72
3,786.51
1,176.91
22.71
1.47
3.83
6,119.15
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME
-
(iv) Disputed dues - Others
-
1,127.72
4,040.07
1,176.91
22.71
1.47
3.83
6,372.71
23 Other current liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

0.03
0.09
672.22
392.88
Taxes and duties payable
316.39
168.16
Other payables
255.18
252.48
1,243.82
813.61
22 Trade payables (Contd.)
24. Lease
Group as a lessee
The Group has concluded rental and leasing agreements for the use of land, operational and administrative buildings, offices and
storage areas, machines (including CNC machines) and in the area of the vehicle fleet. The group also rents IT equipment with
contractual terms of between one and five years. These rental and leasing agreements are either short-term or (or and) they are based
on items of low value. In addition, leasing contracts for tools (special leasing) and machines are concluded with a term of 3-10 years.
Right-of-use assets (Refer note 2 for details)
Lease Liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026

As at 01 April 2025
-
Additions due to acquisitions (see note 46)
620.94
Additions (other than acquisitions)
16.19
Add: Accretion of interest
1.38
Less: Payments
(24.35)
45.10
As at 31 March 2026
659.26
Non-Current
469.07
Current
190.19
659.26
The maturity analysis of undiscounted lease liabilities based on contractual payments:

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
24 Lease (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
< 1 year
>1 to 5 years
> 5 years
Total
Minimum lease payments
184.09
400.47
165.60
750.16
184.09
400.47
165.60
750.16
For Foreign entities, the effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 3.38%, with maturity between 2026-2058.
For Indian entities, the effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 8.60%, with maturity between 24-60 months.
The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Interest expense on lease liabilities
1.38
-
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets
29.48
1.98
Impairment of right-of-use assets
-
Expense relating to short-term leases (included in other expenses)
33.56
21.73
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets (included in other expenses)
20.95
-
85.37
23.71
The expenses for leases of an asset of low value mainly relate to rental and leasing contracts for IT equipment.
In the statement of cash flows, cash outflows for leases recognized were amounting to H 79.36 crore. Of this, H 24.35 crore as
repayments of lease liabilities in the cash flow from financing activities and H 55.01 crore as expenses from short-term and lower-
value leases as well as interest expense and income from subleases of right-of-use leases in the cash flow from operating activities.
Group as a lessor
The total value of premises including electric fittings, furniture and fixtures is disclosed above as the identification of value of portion
given on operating lease is not practicable.
The total future minimum lease rentals for non-cancellable leases, receivable at the Balance Sheet date is as under:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Receivable
Within one year
40.16
36.91
After one year but not more than five years
60.26
58.63
More than five years
0.40
0.93
100.82
96.47

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
25 Revenue from operations
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Revenue from contracts with customers & financial services
Sale of products and services*
57,140.48
48,226.14
Income from financial services business**
3,245.95
1,040.81
Net sales
60,386.43
49,266.95
Scrap sales
51.56
26.41
Export incentives
571.56
468.62
Government Incentives (PSI/PLI)
1,040.09
527.30
Royalty
497.23
415.08
Rent [See note 24]
45.98
48.17
Insurance claims
0.91
0.26
Miscellaneous receipts
184.90
122.61
Government grants
2.65
Interest income on financial services to dealers
123.69
116.50
2,518.57
1,727.60
62,905.00
50,994.55
a. Revenue from contracts with customers*

(Goods transferred at a point in time/Services transferred over a period of time)
India
34,676.51
31,972.00
Outside India
22,463.97
16,254.14
Total revenue from contracts with customers
57,140.48
48,226.14
b. Reconciling the amount of revenue recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with the contracted price
Revenue as per contracted price
57,806.89
48,766.41
Adjustments
Cash discounts & target incentives
(423.82)
(368.25)
Sales promotion expenses (primarily vehicle discounts)
(242.59)
(172.02)
57,140.48
48,226.14
c. Contract Balances
See note 10 for Trade Receivable
See note 23 Contract liabilities are advances received from customers for delivery of goods.
All contract liabilities at the beginning of the year are recognised as revenue during the year
Performance Obligation

See note 1 section B.5 of accounting policy

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
** Income from financial services business
A. Interest income
Particulars
On Financial Assets measured at
FVTOCI
Amortised
cost
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
cost
FVTPL
Interest income
- on loans
-
3,007.54
-
987.44
-
- on Investment
-
- on deposit with bank
-
2.99
-
1.63
-
- on Investment
15.50
-
2.82
- on others
-
6.50
10.69
15.50
3,017.03
-
2.82
999.76
-
B. Fees and commission income:
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Service and administration charges
131.98
29.31
Insurance commission income
55.67
0.64
Foreclosure income
7.38
1.41
195.03
31.36
C. Net gain on fair value changes:
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Net gain on sale of Mutual Fund - Realised
18.39
6.87
Fair value gain on Mutual Fund - Unrealised
-
18.39
6.87
25 Revenue from operations (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
26. Other income
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Investment income
147.24
123.81
Amortisation of (premium)/discount on acquisition of fixed income securities
(6.16)
1.35
102.47
124.78
568.39
8.38
432.53
436.49
52.77
49.55
Interest income from financial assets including amortised cost
1,297.24
744.36
32.55
30.10
Gain on valuation and realisation of mutual funds measured at FVTPL
486.49
648.28
Profit/(loss) on sale of other investments, net, measured at amortised cost
12.79
31.05
1,829.07
1,453.79
Others
Interest - others
-
0.19
Surplus on sale of property, plant and equipment
4.08
3.23
Interest on tax refunds/credits
34.53
17.15
Bad debts recovered
0.91
0.03
Miscellaneous Income
84.37
-
Gains on exchange fluctuations
207.47
0.02
Sponsoring income
21.79
-
353.15
20.62
2,182.22
1,474.41

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
27 Changes in inventories
(H In Crore)
Particulars
(Increase)/

Inventories at the end of the year
411.94
56.42
(355.52)
3,441.11
703.74
(2,737.37)
3,853.05
760.16
(3,092.89)
Inventories at the beginning of the year
56.42
84.63
28.21
703.74
703.94
0.20
760.16
788.57
28.41
Additions due to acquisition of subsidiary
559.10
-
(559.10)
2,928.16
-
(2,928.16)
3,487.26
-
(3,487.26)
394.37
28.41
28 Employee benefits expense
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Salaries, wages and bonus to employees
2,031.16
1,649.67
Contribution to provident and other funds
255.06
109.01
Share based payment to employees [See note 36]
70.60
67.32
Staff welfare expenses
104.62
99.80
2,461.44
1,925.80
See note 14,41 & 42
29. Finance costs
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Interest expense *
1,165.61
387.11
Interest adjustment on Government grant
1.99
1.79
Others
0.99
-
1,168.59
388.90
* Out of the above, finance cost related to financial services business is H 908.38 crore [Previous year H 320.81 crore]

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
30 Depreciation and amortisation expense
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment
495.89
394.62
Depreciation on investment property
1.13
1.12
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
29.48
1.98
Amortisation of intangible asset
118.19
16.51
644.69
414.23
31. Other expenses
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Stores and tools consumed
198.15
199.50
Power, fuel and water
201.82
176.94
Rent
54.51
23.71
Repairs to buildings
51.21
47.01
Repairs to machinery
183.94
129.05
Other repairs
29.71
28.22
Insurance
21.19
19.44
Rates and taxes
27.93
16.01
Directors' fees and travelling expenses
1.47
1.37
Commission to non-executive directors
3.12
3.21
Travelling expenses
108.11
79.96
R&D expenses
244.57
59.63
Royalty
213.97
136.91
Miscellaneous expenses
523.30
661.74
Loss on exchange fluctuations
20.81
12.97
Packing material consumed
509.15
411.73
Freight and forwarding expenses
271.60
185.88
Advertisement
717.88
530.00
Vehicle service charges and other expenses
449.36
288.18
Sales promotion expenses
57.95
45.36
Donation to political party (Paid to Bharatiya Janata Party)
-
25.00
Expenditure towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities
187.99
157.32
Bad debts and other irrecoverable debit balances written off
12.09
6.82
Loss on property, plant and equipment sold, demolished, discarded and scrapped
36.14
2.35
Fee and Commission expense (of financing business)
291.64
48.32
Impairment on financial assets (of financing business)
542.84
147.34
Provision for doubtful debts and advances (includes expected credit loss on trade receivables)
3.97
(4.92)
Customer operation related cost (of financing business)
148.36
-
5,112.78
3,439.05

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Expenditure towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities
(H In Crore)
Particulars

a) Details of spends
Gross amount required to be spent by the Group during the year
187.99
157.32
ii) Amount of expenditure incurred
187.99
157.32
iii) Shortfall at the end of the year
-
iv) Total of previous years shortfall
-
v) Reason for shortfall
NA
NA
vi) Nature of CSR activities

Poverty, Health, Sanitation, Water
6.68
1.64

Education, Special Education, Vocation, Livelihoods
14.03
9.78

Environment, Soil And Water, Protection of Flora and fauna
4.95
3.85

Heritage, Art, Culture, Handicrafts, Public Libraries
0.20
0.18

Others (including provision for unspent)
162.13
141.87

Total
187.99
157.32

No funds relating to other than identified and ongoing projects are required to be transferred to

specified funds.

b) Amount spent in cash during the year on:
Construction/acquisition of any asset
-
ii) On purposes other than (i) above
187.99
157.32
187.99
157.32
31 Other expenses (Contd.)
32. Exceptional items
(H In Crore)
Particulars

Impact of New Wage Code - expense
73.74
-
Gain on sales tax deferral NPV payment
(34.53)
-
39.21
-
Exceptional items for the year ended 31 March 2026, represent a net charge of H 39.21 crore, comprising
The Government of India has notified the Code on Wages, 2019; Industrial Relations Code, 2020; Code on Social Security, 2020;
and Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively, Labour Codes ) on 21 November 2025.
Based on the revised definition of wages under the Labour Codes, the Group has recognized an estimated additional expense of
H 73.74 crore towards gratuity and leave encashment as an exceptional item in the Statement of Consolidated Profit and Loss
for the year ended 31 March 2026. Corresponding Deferred Tax Asset recognised for this exceptional item of expenditure
is H 19.31 crore. This impact is subject to final rules and requisite approvals.
Gain of H 34.53 crore on prepayment of deferral incentive/loan at net present value (NPV) against a carrying amount
of H 56.33 crore.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
33. Tax expense
(H In Crore)
Particulars

(a) Tax expense

Current tax

Current tax on profits for the year
3,631.70
2,623.85

Deferred tax
Decrease/(increase) in deferred tax assets
(250.79)
(72.59)
(Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities
(3.87)
347.54
Total deferred tax expenses/(benefit)
(254.66)
274.95

Tax expenses
3,377.04
2,898.80
(b) Reconciliation of tax expenses and the accounting profit multiplied by India's tax rate

13,951.54
10,223.53

Tax at the Indian tax rate of 25.17% (Previous year - 25.17%)
3,511.32
2,573.06

Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
- Corporate social responsibility expenditure
47.25
45.89
- Rate difference in amortisation of fixed income securities
0.71
(0.47)
- Rate difference on account of fair value of mutual funds
0.36
-
- Others
(107.74)
7.65
-
One time impact due to change in tax rates*
-
211.26

Tax effect of amounts which are deductible (non taxable) in calculating taxable income:
- Profits of subsidiaries not taxable in India
28.68
226.02
- Dividend received on strategic investment
(8.19)
(7.58)
- Income from investments taxed at lower rates
(94.17)
(156.17)
- Disallowance of expenditure incurred on rented property (net)
(1.21)
(0.86)
- Others
0.03
-

Tax expense
3,377.04
2,898.80
* The Company invests its surplus funds into a range of asset classes including debt mutual funds, index funds and fixed maturity plans. In compliance with Ind AS 12,
the Company was making accounting provisions for Deferred Tax as per applicable law (taking cognizance of the indexation impact) on changes in fair value on these
investments. The Finance (No. 2) Act, 2024 withdrew the indexation benefit on long-term capital gains on debt mutual funds which were purchased prior to 1 April 2023
and the tax rate with respect to long-term capital gains for the said asset class was changed from 20% plus surcharge and cess (with indexation) to 12.5% plus surcharge
and cess (without indexation).
Due to withdrawal of the indexation benefit and change in tax rate, the accounting provision for Deferred Tax created on Investment Income has been consequently
increased by H 211.26 crore as a cumulative one-time provision while computing the profit after tax for the reporting period. IT is to be noted that only a provision is being
made in the books of accounts at this point of time to record the Deferred Tax in line with the applicable accounting standards and the recently enacted tax change. The
actual payment of tax would be made at the time of redemption of this asset class. The cash outflow towards tax could be different at the time of redemption depending on
the actual gain and prevailing tax regulations.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has published the model rules for global minimum tax (Pillar Two model rules). As per the provisions
of Pillar Two legislation, the Group s Ultimate Parent Entity (UPE) has consolidated revenues exceeding the threshold prescribed under the OECD framework. Pillar Two
legislation has been enacted, or substantively enacted, in certain jurisdictions where the Group operates. Based on the current assessment, the Group does not expect a
material financial impact from the application of the Pillar Two rules on its consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of the potential exposure is based on the most
recent country-by-country reporting and financial statements for the constituent entities in the Group. In accordance with Amendments to Ind AS 12, the Group has applied
temporary mandatory relief from accounting for deferred tax that arises from implementing Pillar Two legislation.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
34. Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Basic EPS are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of Equity shares
outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the company by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding
during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into
Equity shares.
Particulars

Profit for the year (H In Crore)
10,744.21
7,324.73
Weighted average number of equity shares for basic earnings per share
279,096,661
279,103,387

Effect of dilution:

Employee stock options
418,500
511,554
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted earnings per share
279,515,161
279,614,941
Earnings per share (Basic) H (a/b)
385.0
262.4
Earnings per share (Diluted) H (a/c)
384.4
262.0
Face value per share H
10.0
35. Ratios
This requirement is not relevant at Consolidated Financial Statement level and hence the Group has not made the disclosure.
36 Share based payments (Employee stock option plans)
The Board of Directors of Holding Company at its meeting held on 30 January 2019, approved an Employee Stock Options Scheme
( ESOS ). Pursuant to the scheme stock options up to a maximum of 0.17% of the then issued equity capital of the Company aggregating
to 5,000,000 equity shares of the face value of H 10 each can be issued in a manner provided in the SEBI (Share Based Employee
Benefits) Regulations, 2014 as amended. The shareholders of the Company vide their special resolution passed through postal ballot on
13 March 2019 approved the issue of equity shares of the Company under one or more Employee Stock Option Scheme(s).
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Holding Company has approved the following grants to select senior level
executives of the Company in accordance with the Stock Option Scheme. The details of grants made as of 31 March 2026 are given in
below tables:
Particulars
31. March 2026
Grant date
17. May 2019
29. April 2021
27. April 2022
25. April 2023
18. April 2024
29. May 2025
No. of options granted
2,87,636
2,77,116
4,47,692
4,75,268
3,12,128
3,80,048
Exercise price (H)
2,942.65
3,889.75
3,892.10
4,332.10
8,919.15
8,849.00
Weighted average fair value (H)
827.52
1,091.44
959.75
1,143.72
3,029.51
2,360.01

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Total for all grants
No. of options
Range of
Weighted
Weighted
remaining
contractual life
(years)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
12,27,981
663.31 - 3550.05
1,015.83
5.36
Granted during the year
3,80,048
1939.71 - 2732.98
2,360.01
6.48
Cancelled during the year
31,295
854.21 - 3550.05
2,300.76
NA
Expired during the year
-
NA
Exercised during the year
1,33,366
663.31 - 2367.83
1,070.89
NA
14,43,368
790.94 - 3550.05
1,801.12
5.03
Vested and exercisable at the end of the year
5,36,425
790.94 - 2367.83
1,201.16
3.25
Method used for accounting for share based payment plan:
The Holding Company has used the fair value method to account for the compensation cost of stock options to employees. The fair
value of options used are estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The key assumptions used in Black Scholes
model for calculating fair value as on the date of grants are:
Grant date
Risk Free
interest rate
Expected life
Expected
volatility
Dividend yield
Price of the underlying
share in the market at the
time of the option grant (J)
17. May 2019
6.88% to 7.26%
22.18% to 23.79%
2.04%
2,942.65
29. April 2021
5.18% to 6.08%
29.35% to 26.65%
2.06%
3,889.75
27. April 2022
6.15% to 6.82%
26.03% to 28.79%
3.60%
3,892.10
25. April 2023
6.87% to 7.00%
25.93% to 28.37%
3.22%
4,332.10
18. April 2024
7.06% to 7.08%
23.79% to 26.42%
0.90%
8,919.15
29. May 2025
5.79% to 5.98%
25.26% to 27.18%
2.37%
8,849.00
For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group has accounted expense of H 70.60 crore as employee benefit expenses (See note 28) on
the aforesaid employee stock option plan (Previous year H 67.32 crore). The balance in employee stock option outstanding account is
H 163.58 crore as of 31 March 2026 (Previous year H 99.44 crore).
36 Share based payments (Employee stock option plans) (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
37. Capital management
Objectives, policies and processes of capital management

For the purpose of the Group s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, securities premium and all other
equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Company. The primary objective of the Group s capital management
is to maximise the shareholder value. The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in
economic conditions and the requirements of the financial covenants.

The cash surpluses are currently invested in income generating debt instruments (including through mutual funds) and money
market instruments depending on economic conditions in line with the guidelines set out by the management. Safety of capital
is of prime importance to ensure availability of capital for operations. Investment objective is to provide safety and adequate
return on the surplus funds.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Equity
40,220.42
35,188.75
Less: Tangible and other assets
8,676.25
4,314.78

Working capital (excluding investments)
6,901.99
1,960.10

Investments in subsidiaries/associate
169.18
3,688.27
Investments in debt and similar investments
24,473.00
25,225.60

No changes were made in the objectives, policies and processes of capital management during the year.

In order to achieve this overall objective, the Group s capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that IT meets
financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define capital structure requirements. Breaches
in meeting the financial covenants would permit the bank to immediately call loans and borrowings. There have been no
breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowing in the current period, which has significant
impact on financial statements.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Gearing Ratio
Borrowings
21,981
9,237
Less: Cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances
3,072
2,848
Net Debt (a)
18,909
6,389
Total Equity (b)
40,220
35,189
Capital and Net Debt (c)=(a)+(b)
59,129
41,578
Gearing Ratio % (a)/(c)
31.98%
15.37%

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Particulars
For the year 31 March
Change in liability arising from financing activity (See note 37a)
9,236.52
1,785.90
Changes from financing cash flows
11,120.63
7,434.18
Add: Additions due to acquisition
1,482.04
-
Add: Foreign exchange fluctuations
706.50
16.44
Other non cash changes
16.19
-
Add: Interest accrued, not paid
77.97
-
As at the end of the year
22,639.85
9,236.52
Capital Management of Financial Service Business

The Group in its financing segment actively manages its capital base to cover risks inherent to its business and meet the
capital adequacy requirement of RBI. The adequacy of the financing service business capital is monitored using, among other
measures, the regulations issued by RBI. The Company s objective is to maintain appropriate levels of capital to support its
business strategy taking into account the regulatory, economic and commercial environment.

The Group aims to maintain a strong capital base to support the risks inherent to its business and growth strategies.
The Company endeavours to maintain a higher capital base than the mandated regulatory capital at all times. The Company s
assessment of capital requirement is aligned to the mandatory regulatory capital and its planned growth which forms part of
an annual operating plan which is approved by the Board and also a long range strategy. These growth plans are aligned to
assessment of risks- which include credit, liquidity and market.

The Group monitors its capital to risk-weighted assets ratio (CRAR) in financial service business on a monthly basis through its
assets liability management committee (ALCO).

The Group endeavours to maintain its CRAR financial service business higher than the mandated regulatory norm. Accordingly,
increase in capital is planned well in advance to ensure adequate funding for its growth.

Further, the Group makes investment in Fixed deposits in banks and in mutual funds during the year. These investments are
funded by the Group through its equity share capital.
Regulatory capital
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Tier I capital
3,235.65
2,316.43
Tier II capital
572.38
55.44
Total capital (Tier l + Tier ll)
3,808.03
2,371.87
Risk weighted assets
19,485.63
9,994.45
Tier I CRAR
16.61%
23.18%
Tier II CRAR
2.94%
0.55%
CRAR (Tier I + Tier II)
19.54%
23.73%
37 Capital management (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Dividends distributed and proposed
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Dividends recognised in the financial statements
Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025 of H 210 (31 March 2024 - H 80) per equity share,
declared and paid
5,864.41
2,233.44
Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period
Directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of H 150 per equity share
(31 March 2025 - H 210). This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of shareholders
in the ensuing annual general meeting.
4,192.47
5,864.41
Approval of Buyback

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) and the rules made thereunder, as amended, applicable provisions
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended ( Buyback Regulations )
and other applicable laws, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held today, i.e., Wednesday, 06 May 2026,
recommends buy-back of up to 4,694,000 fully paid-up equity shares of the Company having face value of H 10/- (Indian Rupees
Ten only) each ( Equity Shares ) (representing up to 1.68% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid-up equity share
capital of the Company), at a price of H 12,000 (Indian Rupees Twelve thousand only) per equity share payable in cash for an
aggregate amount of up to H 5,632.80 crore/- (Rupees Five thousand six hundred thirty two crore eighty lakh only) (excluding
transaction costs such as brokerage cost, fees, turnover charges, expenses incurred or to be incurred for the buyback like filing
fees payable to the Securities and Exchange Board of India, advisors/legal fees, public announcement publication expenses,
printing and dispatch expenses, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, good and service tax, stamp duty, etc. and
other incidental and related expenses, etc.) on a proportionate basis through the Tender Offer route as prescribed under the
Buyback Regulations and other applicable law, from the equity shareholders/beneficial owners of the equity shares of the
company as on the record date, subject to approval of shareholders.
37 Capital management (Contd.)
38. Contingent liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts
231.57
214.38
Excise, Service tax, GST and Customs matters under dispute
676.92
634.38
Income-tax matters
1,089.12
1,091.80
Value Added Tax (VAT)/Sales Tax matters under dispute
93.33
93.28
Bank guarantees
48.87
-
Claims made by temporary workmen
Pending before various judicial/appellate authorities in respect of similar matters adjudicated by the
Supreme Court. The matter is contingent on the facts and evidence presented before the courts/
adjudicating authorities and not necessarily likely to be influenced by the Supreme Court s order. In all
the cases, outflow is not probable and hence not provided by the Group.
Liability
Liability

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
39 Fair value measurement
Financial instruments by category

The Group measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives, at fair value at each balance sheet date. Investment in
associates are measures at fair value at acquisition date.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to
sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling IT to another market participant that would use the asset in

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to

For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
Cost
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
Cost

Financial assets
Investments
-
Equity
12.08
3,159.40
-
4,626.75
-
-
Bonds
-
4,200.36
460.45
-
1,433.63
-
Government securities
-
224.70
-
78.30
367.55
-
-
1,126.90
-
884.18
-
-
6,369.20
-
7,640.05
-
Commercial paper
-
294.10
-
-
Fixed deposits
-
1,041.80
-
503.50
-
5,744.52
-
4,985.22
-
-
1,024.32
-
731.78
-
-
484.55
-
1,020.62
-
-
Arbitrage Funds
788.09
-
2,493.57
-
-
Alternative Investment Fund
-
2.98
-
Trade receivables
-
3,473.44
-
2,125.22
Loans
21.40
-
18,802.62
21.40
-
9,894.76

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
Cost
FVTPL
FVTOCI
Amortised
Cost

-
2,843.57
-
2,288.91
-
2,989.97
-
2,331.53
-
81.92
-
516.07
Derivative financial assets
-
231.46
-
2.51
1.14
-
8,074.96
3,618.54
41,223.88
9,715.55
4,706.19
27,985.40
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
21,980.59
-
9,236.52
Lease liabilities
-
659.26
-
73.30
-
127.64
Trade payables
-
8,804.01
-
6,372.71
10.49
14.62
-
18.56
-
1,388.86
-
775.23
10.49
14.62
32,906.02
-
18.56
16,512.10
ii) Fair value hierarchy

This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are
(a) recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the
financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Company has
grouped its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level
follows underneath the table.
Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value - recurring fair value measurements At 31 March 2026
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial investments at FVTPL
-
5,744.52
-
5,744.52
-
1,024.32
-
1,024.32
-
484.55
-
484.55
-
Derivative Asset
-
-
Loans
-
21.40
-
21.40
-
Arbitrage funds
788.09
-
788.09
-
Equity investment
-
12.08
Financial investments at FVTOCI
-
Derivative Asset
-
231.46
-
231.46
-
Government securities
-
224.70
-
224.70
-
Equity investment
3,061.10
98.30
-
3,159.40
-
Alternative Investment Fund
-
2.98
11,102.58
575.86
15.06
11,693.50
39 Fair value measurement (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
10.49
-
10.49
Financial liabilities at FVTOCI
-
14.62
-
14.62
10.49
14.62
-
25.11
Assets disclosed at fair value - At 31 March 2026
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Investment property
-
238.78
-
238.78
Financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value - recurring fair value measurements At 31 March 2025
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial investments at FVTPL
- Short-term funds
4,985.22
-
4,985.22
- Short duration bond funds
731.78
-
731.78
- Liquid mutual funds
1,020.62
-
1,020.62
- Bonds
-
460.45
-
460.45
- Derivative Asset
-
2.51
-
2.51
- Loans
-
21.40
-
21.40
- Arbitrage funds
2,493.57
-
2,493.57
-Alternative Investment Fund
-
Financial investments at FVTOCI
- Derivative Asset
-
1.14
- Government securities
-
78.30
- Equity investment
4,365.57
261.18
-
4,626.75
13,596.76
824.98
-
14,421.74
Financial liabilities at FVTOCI
-
18.56
-
18.56
-
18.56
-
18.56
39 Fair value measurement (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Assets disclosed at fair value - At 31 March 2025
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Notes
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Investment property
-
234.09
-
234.09
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices in active markets. Quotes would include
rates/values/valuation references published periodically by BSE, NSE etc. basis which trades take place in a linked or unlinked active
market. This includes traded bonds and mutual funds, as the case may be, that have quoted price/rate/value.
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined using valuation techniques
which maximise the use of observable market data (either directly as prices or indirectly derived from prices) and rely as little as
possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
included in level 2.
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is
the case for unlisted equity securities, contingent consideration and indemnification asset included in level 3.
Valuation Techniques used to determine fair value
Valuation Techniques used to determine fair value include
Open ended mutual funds at NAV s/rates declared and/or quoted
iii) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost
(H In Crore)
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
Carrying
Amount
Fair value
Carrying
Amount
Fair value
Financial assets
Investments
Bonds
4,200.36
4,152.30
1,433.63
1,403.15
Government securities
-
367.55
362.30
1,126.89
1,149.47
884.18
891.68
6,369.20
6,363.38
7,640.05
7,675.55
11,696.45
11,665.15
10,325.41
10,332.68
The carrying amounts of commercial papers, fixed deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, other financial assets/liabilities, loans,
other bank balances, short term borrowings, lease liabilities, sales tax deferral and cash and cash equivalents are considered to be
the same as their fair values, due to their short-term nature.
39 Fair value measurement (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The Group s activities expose IT to credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (including foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk).
In order to minimise any adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group, derivative financial instruments such as foreign
exchange forward contracts and foreign currency option contracts are entered to hedge certain foreign currency risk exposures.
Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments. The aim of financial risk
management is to manage and limit credit risk, liquidity risk and market risks.
The Board is regularly informed about risks that could have a significant impact on business development. The principles of financial
risk management are defined and monitored by the Board. Implementation is the responsibility of Group Treasury. This note explains
the sources of risk which the Group is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk and the impact of hedge accounting in the
Risk
Exposure arising from
Measurement
Management
Credit Risk
l Cash and cash equivalents,
financial assets measured at
amortised cost & fair value
through profit or loss.
l Derivative financial
l Trade receivables
l Risk of financial loss arising
out of customers or
counterparties failing to
meet their repayment
obligations of the Group.
l Credit ratings
l Credit Limit & Ageing analysis
l Credit risk is measured as the amount
at risk due to repayment default by
customers or counterparties to the
Group. Various metrics such as the
instalment default rate, overdue
position, contribution of stage 2 and
stage 3 assets etc are used as leading
indicators to assess credit risk.
l Diversification of counterparties,
diversification of investment limits,
monitoring of counterparties basis credit
rating
l Deal with reputed banks holding high credit
risk rating.
l No. of overdue days, monitoring of credit
limits
l Credit exposure levels, portfolio
performance, repeat customers
contributions, are monitored through
periodic reviews and portfolio analytics and
are managed by a robust control framework
by the risk unit.
Liquidity Risk
l Other liabilities
l Risk arising from mismatch
in the timing of cashflows
l Maturity analysis
l Measured by identification of gaps in
the structural and dynamic liquidity
and Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) in
accordance with guidelines issued by
RBI and board approved liquidity risk
framework.
l Maintaining sufficient cash/cash equivalents
and marketable securities.
l Monitored by periodic review of ALCO of
liquidity position and LCR position.
l Managed by the Group s treasury team
though various means like HQLA, liquidity
buffers, source of long term funds, positive
asset liability mismatch, keeping strong
pipeline of sanctions from banks.
Market Risk-
Foreign
Exchange
l Highly probable forecast
transactions and financial
assets and liabilities not
denominated in INR.
l Sensitivity analysis
l Measured by using changes in
interest rates and foreign exchange
currency fluctuations resulting impact
on net interest and other metrics.
l Forward foreign exchange contracts and
foreign currency options.
l Interest Rate Risk
l Monitored by assessment of key parameters
like fluctuations in interest rates and foreign
currency fluctuation and probable interest
rate movement in both fixed and floating
rate assets and liabilities.
Market Risk
- Interest Rate
l Term borrowings linked to
benchmark interest rates.
l Sensitivity analysis based on changes
in benchmark interest rates.
l Periodic monitoring of interest rate
movements by treasury and ALCO.
Market Risk
- Equity price
risk
l Investments in mutual funds,
bonds, FMPs, ETFs, index
funds and listed equity
instruments.
l Monitored through NAVs of mutual
funds and quoted market prices of
listed equities.
l Managed through diversification, exposure
limits and periodic review by senior
management and the Board.
The Board of Directors of the respective companies of the group provide guiding principles for overall risk management, as well as
policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative
financial instruments, and investment of available funds. The Group s risk management is carried out by a treasury department
as per such policies approved by the Board of Directors of the respective companies of the group. Accordingly, Group s treasury
department identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks.
40 Financial risk management

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)
A)
Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty may default on its contractual obligations leading to a financial loss to the Group.
Credit risk primarily arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments, financial assets measured at amortised
cost, financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and trade receivables. None of the financial instruments of the
Group result in material concentration of credit risk.
A.1 Credit risk management
For Derivative instruments exposures are extended with multiple banks holding high credit risk ratings.
In regard to Trade receivables, which are typically unsecured, credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit
limits and continuously monitoring the credit worthiness of customers to whom credit is extended in the normal course of business.
The Group follows a simplified approach for recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade receivables. Accordingly, impairment
loss allowance is recognised based on lifetime expected credit losses at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition. The
provision rates are based on days past due; and the calculation reflects the probability weighted outcome, the time value of money
and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and
forecasts of future economic conditions.
For BAIHAG (subgroup), the maximum payments terms granted were significantly reduced in the course of the restructuring
proceedings: The maximum payment term is 180 days.
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure of the Group s trade receivables using provision matrix:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As on 31 March
Estimated total gross carrying amount
3,654.76
2,139.67
Loss allowance
(181.32)
(14.45)
3,473.44
2,125.22
Reconciliation of impairment allowance - Trade receivable
Particulars
(J In Crore)
Impairment allowance as on 01 April 2024
19.37
(4.92)
Impairment allowance as on 31 March 2025
14.45
166.87
Impairment allowance as on 31 March 2026
181.32
A.2 Classification of financial assets under various stages (of Financial Service Business)
Stage 1: unimpaired and without significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition on which a 12-month allowance for ECL is
recognised;
Stage 2: a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition on which a 12-month ECL is recognised
Stage 3: objective evidence of impairment and therefore considered to be in default or otherwise credit impaired on which a lifetime
ECL is recognised.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As on 31 March
Term Loans to customers under Financing
18,834.68
9,503.28
ECL
(385.13)
(110.33)
Net carrying value
18,449.55
9,392.95
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As on 31 March
Advances to dealer
453.04
444.37
Loss allowance
(4.31)
(2.04)
Net carrying value
448.73
442.33
Collateral
Bajaj Auto Credit Limited, the Subsidiary Company (Financial Service Business) offers two and three wheelers to customers and
loans is secured by collateral. Although collateral is an important risk mitigant of credit risk, the risk the Subsidiary Company s
practice is to lend on the basis of assessment of the customer s ability to repay than placing primary reliance on collateral. Based
on the nature of product and the Subsidiary Company s assessment of customer credit risk, a loan may be offered with suitable
collateral. Depending on its form, collateral can have a significant effect in mitigating the subsidiary Company s credit risk. The type
of collateral obtained are as follows:
Product group
Name of securities
Two and three wheeler finance
Hypothecation of underlying two and three wheelers
Other financial assets:
The Group has an investment policy which allows the Group to invest only with counterparties having a credit rating equal to or above
AA+ and A1+. The Group reviews the creditworthiness of these counterparties on an on-going basis. Counter party limits maybe
updated as and when required, subject to approval of Board of Directors.
B)
Liquidity risk
The Group s principal source of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents , bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents , current
investments and cash flows that are generated from operations and investment for the purpose of maintaining liquidity ratio as per
RBI for the financial services segment of the Group. The Group believes that its working capital is sufficient to meet the financial
liabilities within maturity period. Additionally, the Group has invested its surplus funds in fixed income securities or instruments of
similar profile thereby ensuring safety of capital and availability of liquidity as and when required.
The Group s Board approves Liquidity Risk Management Framework which covers liquidity risk management policy, strategies and
practices, liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), liquidity risk measurement- currency risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk monitoring
framework. The Group exceeds the regulatory requirements of LCR which mandates maintaining prescribed coverage of expected
net cash outflows for a stressed scenario in the form of high-quality liquidity assets (HQLA). The Group s ALCO monitors assets
liability mismatch to ensure that there are no imbalances or excessive concentrations on either side of the Balance Sheet.
The liquidity risks of the BAIHAG are primarily due to the fact that cash inflows from sales revenues are below the planned
assumptions due to a weakening in demand. The BAIHAG countered this risk by maintaining a liquidity reserve in the form of unused
credit lines and, if necessary, in the form of cash holdings with banks with a high credit rating. Direct cash flow planning is carried
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)
out on a weekly basis and strict expenditure control is carried out via internal Group approval processes against the background of
the analysis of operationally necessary transactions.
Further, the Group participates in a factoring program whose purpose is to enable efficient payment processing and interim
financing. This enables the Group to centralize payments from trade receivables and at the same time maintain flexibility in liquidity
management.
On 1 August 2024, Bajaj Mobility declared to Erste Group Bank AG that IT would exercise its rights as owner of various direct and
indirect shareholdings in such a way that, in accordance with sound commercial practice, these would be financially equipped to
service their liabilities arising from the Erste confirming business relationship in a timely manner.
From Bajaj Mobility AG s perspective, this declaration dated 1 August 2024, constitutes a soft letter of comfort that does not result in
any obligation on the part of Bajaj Mobility AG to pay or any payment obligation on the part of Bajaj Mobility AG as guarantor to Erste
Group Bank AG. The legal qualification of the declaration dated 1 August 2024, is currently the subject of legal clarification. Based on
the current status, management does not expect any significant outflow of funds from this matter.
The Group s credit agreements do not contain any critical covenants entitling the holder to early maturity, which the Group evaluates
not expected to be met. Hence the Group carries a negligible liquidity risk.
Group s principal source of liquidity:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Net Working capital funds (includes)
14,638.97
7,862.12

-
Cash and Cash equivalents
2,989.97
2,331.53

-
Current Investments
7,811.66
5,902.02

-
81.92
516.07
The table below summarises the contractual undiscounted payment maturities of financial liabilities as at 31 March 2026
and 31 March 2025
Maturities of financial liabilities
(H In Crore)
Particulars
More than 1 year -
less than 5 Years
More than 5
Years
Total
As on 31 March 2026
Non-derivatives
Sales tax deferral (discounted)
-
73.30
-
73.30
Trade payables
8,804.01
-
8,804.01
Non - current borrowings
-
16,655.93
415.82
17,071.75
Current borrowings
7,816.53
-
7,816.53
Lease liabilities
184.09
400.47
165.60
750.16
1,333.53
55.33
-
1,388.86
18,138.16
17,185.03
581.42
35,904.61
10.49
14.62
-
25.11
18,148.65
17,199.65
581.42
35,929.72

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
More than 1 year -
less than 5 Years
More than 5
Years
Total
As on 31 March 2025
Non-derivatives
Sales tax deferral (discounted)
-
127.64
-
127.64
Trade payables
6,372.71
-
6,372.71
Non - current borrowings
-
6,082.74
-
6,082.74
Current borrowings
3,153.78
-
3,153.78
743.57
31.66
-
775.23
10,270.06
6,242.04
-
16,512.10
-
18.56
-
18.56
10,270.06
6,260.60
-
16,530.66
C)
Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cashflows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in the market
variables such as interest rates, equity prices and foreign exchange rates and credit spreads on investment and borrowings.
Foreign currency risk

The Group has significant exports and is therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency transactions,
primarily with respect to the US$. Foreign exchange risk arises from highly probable forecast transactions and recognised
assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Group s functional currency (INR). The risk is measured through
sensitivity analysis which shows the effects of a +/- 10% change in the exchange rate on profit and loss, other comprehensive
income and equity. The affected bank balances, receivables and liabilities of the Group as well as future inflows and outflows in
foreign currency were used as a basis. IT was assumed that the risk on the balance sheet date essentially represents the risk
during the financial year.

The primary objective for forex hedging against anticipated foreign currency risks will be to hedge the Group s highly probable
foreign currency cash flows arising from such transactions (thus reducing volatility of cash flow and profit).
Foreign Operations

The BAIHAG is influenced by global economic parameters such as changes in currency parities or developments on the
financial markets. In particular, the exchange rate development of the US dollar, which represents the highest individual risk in
the BAIHAG s foreign currency risk, plays a major role in the Group s revenue and earnings development. Due to the increasing
importance of the USD in purchasing, the foreign currency risk for the USD is significantly reduced ( natural hedge ).

BAIHAG also faces currency risks if financial assets and liabilities are settled in a currency other than the local currency of the
respective company. The majority of the Group s companies invoice in local currency and are largely financed in local currency.
Investments are mainly made in the local currency of the investing Group company. For these reasons, of course, currency
positions usually result in closed.

Currency risks from INR positions in subsidiaries whose functional currency differs from the INR were allocated to the currency
risk of the functional currency of the respective subsidiary. Risks from foreign currency positions other than the INR were
aggregated at Group level. Exchange rate-related differences from the translation of financial statements into the Group
currency were not taken into account.

For the sensitivity of profit and loss, bank deposits, receivables and liabilities of the Group in foreign currency that are not
accounted for in the functional currency of the Group company are taken into account.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)
The Group s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period are as follows
(Amount in Million)
USD
MXN
CNY
JPY
Others*
Receivables
12.48
242.64
63.77
424.51
70.22
Others (Cash)
53.55
97.59
4.48
141.42
85.19
Payables
(25.79)
(59.02)
(162.74)
(37.66)
(25.52)
Total
40.24
281.21
(94.49)
528.27
129.89
Total in equivalent EUR million
34.25
13.32
(11.49)
2.87
6.64
Total in equivalent INR crore (translated)
361.24
140.44
(121.14)
30.27
69.98
* Others mainly include Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, New Zealand dollar, Swedish krona, South African rand, Brazilian real, Indian rupee, Hungarian forint, Swiss
franc & Czech koruna.
Below is a currency risk sensitivity for the cases where the Group uses Euro as a functional currency. The results of the sensitivity
are translated in INR based on respective closing rates as at 31 March 2026 is as below:
(H In Crore)
As at 31 March
Particulars
10%
Changes in profit before tax
(43.71)
53.42
Change in equity
(33.66)
41.13
As at 31 March 2025, BAIHAG was an associate entity and hence the disclosure has not been made.
Domestic operations

The Group s risk management policy permits the use of plain foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign currency option
contracts including Foreign Currency - INR Option Cost Reduction Structures to hedge forecasted sales.

The Group also imports certain materials the value of which is not material as compared to value of exports. Currently, Group
does not hedge this exposure. Nevertheless, Group may wish to hedge such exposures.

The Group uses a combination of foreign currency option contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge its
exposure in foreign currency risk. The Group designates forward contracts in entirety and intrinsic value of foreign currency
option contracts as the hedging instrument. To the extent these hedges are effective; the change in fair value of the hedging
instrument is recognised through other comprehensive income in the Cash flow hedging reserve within equity. The change in
time value that relate to the hedged item (aligned time value) is recognised through other comprehensive income in Costs of
hedging reserve within equity. Amount recognised in equity is reclassified to consolidated profit or loss when the hedged item
(i.e. forecasted export sales) affects consolidated statement of profit or loss. The ineffective portion of change in fair value of the
hedging instrument and any residual time value (the non-aligned portion), if any, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and
Loss immediately.

The intrinsic value of foreign exchange option contracts is determined with reference to the relevant spot market exchange
rate. The differential between the contracted strike rate and the spot market exchange rate is defined as the intrinsic value.
Time value of the option is the difference between fair value of the option and the intrinsic value.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)
The Group s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
USD Million
In J Crore
USD Million
In J Crore
Receivables
63.29
600.19
59.81
511.23
Payables
(25.16)
(238.60)
(33.66)
(287.71)
Borrowings
-
Others (EEFC balances)
84.84
804.62
50.24
429.43
Below is a currency risk sensitivity for the cases where the Group uses INR as a functional currency.
The results of the sensitivity based on respective closing rates as at 31 March 2026 is as below:
Increase/decrease
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
10%
Changes in profit before tax
(116.62)
116.62
(65.29)
65.29
Change in equity
(87.27)
87.27
(48.86)
48.86
Impact of hedging activities:
Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2026:
The Group does not have any outstanding foreign exchange contracts in the nature of Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2026.
The details of impact for foreign exchange contracts taken during the year is as follows:
Nominal value
Hedge ratio*
Amount reclassified
to profit or loss
Line item affected in the
Statement of Profit and Loss
because of the reclassification
Foreign currency options
3,737.47
1:1
87.59
Revenue
The Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument match exactly with the terms of the
hedged item, so a qualitative assessment of effectiveness is performed. During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025,
the Group did not have any hedging instruments with terms which were not aligned with those of the hedged items.
Therefore, no ineffectiveness is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the years ended 31 March 2026 and
31 March 2025.
Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2025:
During the year the Group did not undertake any foreign exchange hedging contracts in the nature of Cash flow hedge. The Group
does not have any outstanding foreign exchange contracts in the nature of Cash flow hedge as on 31 March 2025.
* The foreign exchange forward and option contracts are denominated in the same currency as the highly probable future sales,
therefore the hedge ratio is 1:1.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)
Maturity of outstanding contracts
The details in respect of the maturity of outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts are given below:
On foreign currency loan receivable:
Particulars
31. March 2026
31. March 2025
Notional In
EURO Mn
(Sell)
MTM
Gain/(Loss)
(J In Crore)
Notional In
EURO Mn
(Sell)
MTM
Gain/(Loss)
(J In Crore)
Not later than 3 months
150.00
(10.49)
115.00
2.51
Total
150.00
(10.49)
115.00
2.51
While the notional amount is eliminated at the consolidated level, foreign currency exposure persists at the Group level in respect of
underlying loan.
Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes
in market interest rates. The Group s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group s
long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

The Group manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and borrowings. To
manage this, the Group enters into hedge contracts for external commercial borrowings.

For interest rate risk, the exposures as of the reporting date in the form of book values (borrowings which are unhedged for
interest rate risk exposures)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March
Variable interest rate borrowings
16,773.14
5,339.55
Variable interest rate lease liabilities
615.29
-
17,388.43
5,339.55

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans and
borrowings affected, after the impact of hedge accounting. With all other variables held constant, the Group s profit before tax is
affected through the impact on floating rate borrowings, as follows:
(H In Crore)
As at 31 March
Increase of
100bp
Decrease of
100bp
31. March 26
(173.88)
173.88
Change in Equity
(131.53)
131.53
31. March 25
(53.40)
53.40
Change in Equity
(39.96)
39.96
The assumed movement in basis points for the interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on the currently observable
market environment.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Derivative
The Group enters into certain forward foreign exchange contracts with the intention to reduce the foreign exchange risk. These
contracts are not designated in hedge relationships and are measured at fair value through profit and loss.
Impact of hedging activities in financial service business
The Group s hedging policy only allows for effective hedging relationships to be considered as hedges as per the relevant IndAS.
Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship and through periodic prospective effectiveness
assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instruments.
Disclosure of effects of hedge accounting on financial position:
Cash flow hedge foreign exchange risk 31 March 2026
(H In Crore)
Type of hedge and risk
Nominal
Carrying
instrument asset
Carrying
liability
Changes in fair
value of hedging
hedged item used as a
basis for recognising
hedge effectiveness
1,866.00
231.46
-
(231.46)
16.80
2,137.50
-
14.62
-
Total
4,003.50
231.46
14.62
(216.84)
16.80
Cash flow hedge foreign exchange risk 31 March 2025
(H In Crore)
Type of hedge and risk
Nominal
Carrying
instrument asset
Carrying
liability
Changes in fair
value of hedging
hedged item used as a
basis for recognising
hedge effectiveness
1,866.00
1.14
6.32
5.18
16.80
1,637.50
-
12.24
-
Total
3,503.50
1.14
18.56
17.42
16.80
Disclosure of effects of hedge accounting on financial performance
Cash flow hedge foreign exchange risk 31 March 2026
(H In Crore)
the hedging instrument
recognised in other
Hedge
ineffectiveness
recognised in profit
or loss
Amount reclassified
from cash flow
hedging reserve to
Line item affected in
the Statement of Profit
and Loss because of the
reclassification
(231.46)
-
14.62
-
Total
(216.84)
-
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Cash flow hedge foreign exchange risk 31 March 2025
(H In Crore)
the hedging instrument
recognised in other
Hedge
ineffectiveness
recognised in profit
or loss
Amount reclassified
from cash flow
hedging reserve to
Line item affected in
the Statement of Profit
and Loss because of the
reclassification
5.18
-
12.24
-
Total
17.42
-
The Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument match exactly with the terms of the
hedged item, so a qualitative assessment of effectiveness is performed. During the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025,
the Group did not have any hedging instruments with terms which were not aligned with those of the hedged items.
Therefore, no ineffectiveness is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
Movements in cash flow hedging reserve
(H In Crore)
Risk Category
Foreign Currency Risk
and Interest Rate Risk
Derivative Instrument
Cross Currency Interest Rate Swaps
(CCIRS) and Interest rate swap (IRS)
Balance - As at 01 April 2024
-
Add: Change in intrinsic value of foreign currency options
(32.43)
Less: Amount reclassified to profit or loss
-
Deferred tax relating to the above (net)
8.15
Balance - As at 31 March 2025
(24.28)
Add: Change in value of hedge of CCIRS and IRS
35.51
Less: Amount reclassified to profit or loss
-
Deferred tax relating to the above (net)
(8.20)
Balance - As at 31 March 2026
3.03
Equity price risk

The Group has deployed its surplus funds into various financial instruments including units of mutual funds, bonds, fixed
maturity plans, exchange traded funds, index funds and equity instruments of a listed company, which are classified and
measured as fair value through other comprehensive income . The Group is exposed to price risk on such investments, which
arises on account of movement in interest rates, equity prices, liquidity and credit quality of underlying securities.

The Group has invested its surplus funds primarily in debt based mutual funds and fixed maturity plans, and certain equity
instruments of a listed company designated at FVTOCI. The value of investment in these mutual fund schemes is reflected
through Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the Asset Management Group on daily basis, while the fair value of equity
instruments is determined based on quoted market prices on recognised stock exchange. The Group manages such risk
through portfolio diversification, by placing limits on individual and aggregate exposure, and through periodic monitoring and
review of investments. Please refer quoted investments in note 5 for total exposure to such investments price risk. Given that
the changes in fair values of the investments held are strongly positively correlated with changes of the NSE market index,
the Group has determined that an increase/(decrease) of 10% on the NSE market index could have an impact of approximately
H 2,167.22 crore increase/(decrease) on the income and equity attributable to the Group.
40 Financial risk management (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
41. Employee benefits
The Group has certain defined contribution plans as below:
Defined benefit obligations in Indian entities
Liability for employee benefits has been determined by an actuary, appointed for the purpose, in conformity with the principles set
out in the Indian Accounting Standard 19 the details of which are as hereunder.
Funded schemes
Gratuity
The Company provides for gratuity and ex-gratia payments, if applicable, to employees. The gratuity and ex-gratia benefit (if any) payable
to the employees of the Company is greater or equal to the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 (as amended from time to time,
including consequent changes arising from the Code on Social Security,2020 and related rules). Employees who are in continuous service
for period as specified under the Act are eligible for gratuity and ex-gratia, if any. This plan is a funded plan and the Company makes
contributions to approved gratuity fund.
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Amount recognised in Balance Sheet
571.55
480.45
(500.22)
(495.53)
71.33
(15.08)
Present value of unfunded defined benefit obligation
-
1.46
71.33
(13.62)
34.60
29.70
73.74
-
(0.46)
(1.77)
107.88
27.93
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
2.25
22.78
(6.66)
9.35
0.64
(11.29)
Experience adjustments
10.12
(5.03)
(0.55)
(9.86)
(1.55)
(3.70)
4.25
2.25

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Gratuity (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

480.45
478.60
34.60
29.70
73.74
-
30.47
30.26
(6.66)
9.35
0.64
(11.29)
10.12
(5.03)
Benefits paid
(51.81)
(54.62)
-
3.48
571.55
480.45
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

495.53
499.86
Employer contributions
24.93
4.57
31.01
32.37
0.56
9.87
Benefits paid
(51.81)
(54.62)
-
3.48
Assets distributed on settlements
-
500.22
495.53
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

(13.62)
(16.45)
107.88
27.93
2.00
(20.53)
Employer contributions
(24.93)
(4.57)
Impact of liability assumed or (settled)
-
71.33
(13.62)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

500.22
495.53
Others
-
Grand Total
500.22
495.53
Sensitivity Analysis
Gratuity is a lump sum plan and the cost of providing these benefits is typically less sensitive to small changes in demographic
assumptions. The key actuarial assumptions to which the benefit obligation results are particularly sensitive to are discount rate and
future salary escalation rate. The following table summarizes the impact in percentage terms on the reported defined benefit obligation
(DBO) at the end of the reporting period arising on account of an increase or decrease in the reported assumption by 50 basis points.
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
Discount
Salary
Discount
Salary
Senior staff
(2.66%)
2.55%
(2.79%)
2.86%
2.82%
(2.42%)
2.96%
(2.73%)
Junior staff
(3.56%)
3.11%
(3.49%)
3.66%
3.86%
(2.84%)
3.79%
(3.41%)
These sensitivities have been calculated to show the movement in defined benefit obligation in isolation and assuming there are no
other changes in market conditions at the accounting date. There have been no changes from the previous periods in the methods
Funding arrangement and policy
The money contributed by the Group to the fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be invested.
The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to insurance companies. The insurance companies
in turn manage these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the trustees and the asset allocation which is within the
permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations.
There is no compulsion on the part of the Group to fully pre fund the liability of the Plan. The Group s philosophy is to fund the
benefits based on its own liquidity and tax position as well as level of under funding of the plan.
The expected contribution payable to the plan next year is H 50.5 crore.
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Gratuity (Contd.)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Less than
Between
Between
3 -5 years
Over
5 years
Total

31. March 2026
Senior staff
85.83
25.71
55.45
265.12
432.11
Junior staff
81.43
35.11
77.98
448.04
642.56
31. March 2025
Senior staff
41.99
50.11
56.09
227.72
375.91
Junior staff
74.38
31.70
59.14
343.64
508.86
Particulars
As at 31 March
Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation (in years)
Senior Staff
7.80
5.75
Junior Staff
8.61
7.27
As at 31 March
Particulars
Principal Actuarial Assumptions (Expressed as Weighted Averages)
7.13%
6.85%
10.00%
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, takes into account, inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors, such as demand
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Gratuity (Contd.)
Provident Fund
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Amount recognised in Balance Sheet
Present value of funded defined benefit obligation
1,641.06
1,571.04
Fair Value of Plan Assets
(1,692.52)
(1,600.19)
(51.46)
(29.15)
51.46
29.15
Net defined benefit liability/(asset) recognized in balance sheet
-
47.98
45.85
Total expenses charged to Statement of Profit and Loss
47.98
45.85

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Provident Fund: (Contd.)
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
-
71.58
48.76
-
Experience adjustments
(50.21)
(28.22)
(41.69)
4.28
20.32
(24.82)
-

47.98
45.85

Employer contributions
(47.98)
(45.85)
-
1,571.04
1,516.11
47.98
45.85
105.66
106.56
71.58
48.76
(50.21)
(28.22)
Employee contributions
81.15
80.53
Benefits paid
(183.79)
(176.61)
(2.35)
(21.94)
Closing defined benefit obligation
1,641.06
1,571.04
1,600.19
1,566.45
107.65
110.19
41.69
(4.28)
Employer contributions during the period
47.98
45.85
Employee contributions during the period
81.15
80.53
Benefits paid
(183.79)
(176.61)
(2.35)
(21.94)
1,692.52
1,600.19

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Funded schemes (Contd.)
Provident Fund: (Contd.)
Unfunded schemes
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Compensated Absences
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
168.87
149.64
Expense recognized in the Statement of profit and loss
29.93
10.16
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
7.13%
6.85%
10.00%
Compensated absences
The compensated absences cover the Group s liability for casual and earned leave.
Entire amount of the provision is presented as current, since the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement
for any of these obligations. However, based on past experience, the Group does not expect all employees to take the full amount of
accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months. The following amounts reflect leave that is not expected to be taken or
paid within the next 12 months.
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Compensated absences expected to be settled after 12 months
133.47
118.85
Particulars
As at 31 March
Key actuarial assumptions
7.00%
6.85%
Future derived return on assets (p.a.)
8.38%
8.22%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of the investment (p.a.)
6.55%
Average historic yield on the investment (p.a.)
7.93%
7.92%
Guaranteed rate of return (p.a.)
8.25%
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Quoted
Government debt instruments
1,001.52
1,007.28
560.35
499.57
Others
66.87
30.08
Unquoted
Others
63.78
63.26
Total
1,692.52
1600.19

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Unfunded schemes (Contd.)
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
8.62
8.67
10.74
11.36
Provident fund paid to Government authorities
10.04
6.10

Others
0.70
1.62
Defined Benefit Plans
Gratuity
107.88
27.93
Provident fund paid to trust
47.98
45.85
Others
5.32
2.72
Total
191.28
104.25
Defined benefit obligations in foreign entities

Defined benefit obligations in foreign entities: Contributions are made to defined contribution plans in foreign entities as per
regulations of the respective region. i) Group is obliged to make a severance payment to all employees in Austria whose
employment relationship began before 1 January 2003 upon termination by the employer or at the time of retirement. This
performance-based obligation depends on the number of years of service and the relevant salary at the time of severance pay
and amounts to between two and twelve months salary.

For all employment relationships established in Austria after 31 December 2002, the Group pays 1.53% of the salary per month
into a employee provision fund, in which the contributions are invested in an employee s account and paid out to him or passed
on as an entitlement upon termination of the employment relationship. The Group is only obliged to pay the contributions that
are recognized in the expenditure for which they were paid in the financial year for which they were paid (defined contribution
obligation). For employees of Austrian group companies who entered into employment on or after 1January 2003, contributions
for severance payments to a statutory employee provision fund in the amount of 1.53% of wages or salaries were paid.
Details of net debts from Severance pay plans as follows:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Amount recognised in Balance Sheet
238.46
-
238.46
-
Present value of unfunded defined benefit obligation
-
Net defined benefit liability/(asset) recognized in balance sheet
238.46
-

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

76.98
-
3.03
-
80.01
-
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
-
Experience adjustments
-
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

-
Add: Increase in DBO liability due to acquisition of subsidiary
155.32
-
80.01
-
Employer contributions
-
Impact of liability assumed or (settled)*
-
3.13
-
238.46
-
Add: Increase in DBO liability due to acquisition of subsidiary
155.32
-
76.98
-
3.03
-
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Benefits paid
-
Liabilities extinguished on settlements
-
3.13
238.46
-
Employer contributions
-

-
Benefits paid
-
Assets distributed on settlements
-
Others
-
Grand Total
-

41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Sensitivity Analysis
A change (+/- 0.5 percentage points) in the actuarial interest rate and wage/salary trend parameters would have had the following
impact on the present value of future payments as of 31 December 2025:
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
Discount
Salary
Discount
Salary
(4.50%)
4.80%
-
4.80%
(4.50%)
-
These sensitivities have been calculated to show the movement in defined benefit obligation in isolation and assuming there are no
other changes in market conditions at the accounting date. There have been no changes from the previous periods in the methods

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Less than
Between
1 - 5 years
Between
6 -10 years
More than
Total

31. March 2026
12.10
53.58
55.09
119.70
240.47
31. March 2025
-
The weighted remaining terms (duration) of the severance pay obligations are 9 years as of 31 March 2026.
As at 31 March
Particulars
Principal Actuarial Assumptions (Expressed as Weighted Averages)
3.98%
-
Salary escalation rate (p.a.)
1.90%
-
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, takes into account, inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors, such as demand
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
Unfunded schemes
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Compensated Absences
As at 31 March 2026
As at 31 March 2025
69.25
-
Expense recognized in the Statement of profit and loss
-
Amount recorded as Other Comprehensive Income
-
0.00%
Salary escalation rate (p.a.)
0.00%
Compensated absences
The compensated absences cover the Group s liability for casual and earned leave.
Entire amount of the provision is presented as current, since the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for
any of these obligations.
(H In Crore)

As at 31 March
Particulars
Compensated absences expected to be settled after 12 months
-

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Jubilee/Anniversary bonuses
On the basis of collective agreements, companies of the BAIHAG-Group are obliged to pay jubilee bonuses to employees in Austria in
accordance with the achievement of certain years of service (from 25 years of service) (performance-oriented obligation). The interest on
this is recognized in other financial income.
The obligations for claims from anniversary bonuses developed as follows:
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

-
Add: Increase in liability due to acquisition of subsidiary
70.09
-
(1.97)
-
Employer contributions
-
Impact of liability assumed or (settled)
-
1.41
-
Closing net defined benefit liability/(asset)*
69.53
-
* The weighted remaining terms (duration) of the jubilee bonus obligations are 13 years as of 31 March 2026.
41 Employee benefits (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

Bonus expected to be settled after 12 months
69.53
-
(H In Crore)
Particulars
As at 31 March

-
Provident fund paid to Government authorities
-
Others
59.48
4.76
Defined Benefit Plans
Severance Pay
80.01
-
Anniversary Bonus
(1.97)
-
Others
-
Total
137.52
4.76

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
42 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24
(H In Crore)
2025-26
2024-25
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Subsidiaries (Erstwhile associates)
KTM AG
32.76
-
102.22
(91.15)
-
9.46
-
1.06
-
1.76
-
Loan advanced (subsequently reliased post acquisition)
4,601.98
-
Interest on Loan
305.81
-
KTM Sportmotorcycle GmbH
892.26
-
452.60
59.37
-
Billed
22.64
-
24.43
-
-
Unbilled
-
11.10
(11.10)
14.09
-
0.24
-
1.23
-
2.83
-
KTM Forschungs & Entwicklungs Gmbh
0.04
-
2.13
0.11
KTM Australia PTY
0.14
-
Husqvarna Motorcycles GmbH
11.31
-
89.43
(0.20)
-
Billed
0.08
-
0.47
-
-
Unbilled
-
0.05
(0.05)
Purchase of accessories & other credits
-
0.02
-
KTM North America
60.96
-
KTM Sportmotorcycle India Pvt. Ltd.
-
Billed
5.68
-
6.23
-
-
Unbilled
-
2.79
(2.79)
-
Billed
5.56
-
4.98
(0.42)
-
Unbilled
-
1.65
0.02
-
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG
(BAIHAG earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG)
Loan advanced to Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (BAIHAG
earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG)
-
-
455.59
460.45
Loan repayment from Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (BAIHAG
earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG)
-
-
(36.37)
36.84
Contribution to Capital
520.14
-
1,767.63
Interest on Loan
224.77
-
7.92
5.10
Convertible Bond
2,512.69
-
460.45
* Transaction mentioned above with BAIHAG Group are till the date of acquisition (18 November 2025). post which, the BAIHAG group became subsidiary
and hence no subsequent transactions have been shown in related party disclosures. See note 46.
Associates, joint ventures and investing parties:
Investment in shares by BHIL [95,547,251 shares of H 10 each]
-
(95.55)
-
(95.55)
(Investing party - holds 34.21% shares of
Bajaj Auto Ltd.)
Purchase of shares by BAL [3,500,000 shares of H 10 each]
-
1,111.49
-
1,111.49
Buyback of shares
-
Dividend paid
2,006.49
-
764.38
-
Dividend received
32.55
-
30.10
-
Business support service received
30.74
-
33.54
-
2.67
-
1.28
-
Key management personnel and their relatives:
Rajiv Bajaj
Short-term employee benefits (including Commission)
55.14
(35.21)
54.85
(35.21)
(Managing Director)
3.73
-
3.73
-
3.40
-
3.24
-
Deposit paid against premises taken on lease
-
1.92
-
1.92

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
Pradeep Shrivastava (Executive Director)
20.03
-
27.34
-
1.07
-
0.99
-
4.29
-
10.53
-
2.88
-
2.62
-
Rakesh Sharma (Executive Director)
14.35
-
15.94
-
0.95
-
0.87
-
1.20
-
2.88
-
2.62
-
Sanjiv Bajaj
Sitting fees
0.06
-
0.08
-
Commission
0.19
(0.19)
0.25
(0.25)
Niraj Bajaj (Chairman)
Sitting Fees
0.11
-
0.13
-
Commission
0.35
(0.35)
0.41
(0.41)
Rishabnayan Bajaj
Remuneration including perquisites
0.57
-
0.44
-
Other entities/persons: (Employee benefit plans, independent directors, and entities where persons under Ind AS 24 para 9(a) hold significant influence, control, joint control, or acts as KMP )
Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
0.04
-
0.11
-
Bajaj Finance Ltd.
Investment in shares by BFL (150 shares of H 10 each) - H 1,500
-
Service rendered
31.69
(0.08)
30.30
(0.06)
Service received
7.26
0.03
1.74
(0.34)
-
(0.21)
-
(0.21)
Investment in fixed deposit
1,041.80
223.50
503.50
(Redemption) of fixed deposit
(503.50)
-
(220.00)
-
Investment in/(redemption of) Secured Non Convertible Debentures
-
Interest income/(reversal) on fixed deposit
49.00
30.21
37.82
22.95
Interest income/(reversal) on Secured Non Convertible Debentures
-
Dividend paid
-
Bajaj General Insurance Co. Ltd. (earlier known as Bajaj
Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.)
Insurance premiums paid
30.02
7.59
29.10
15.72
Claims received/receivable
2.98
-
0.26
-
Services Rendered
-
Bajaj Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (earlier known as Bajaj Allianz
Life Insurance Co. Ltd.)
Investment in shares by BALIC (125,000 shares of H 10 each)
-
(0.13)
-
(0.13)
Insurance premiums paid/(refunded)
2.72
0.16
1.52
0.70
Services Rendered
4.67
-
Dividend paid
2.63
-
1.00
-
Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd.
Services rendered
3.04
-
2.38
-
(0.03)
-
(0.03)
Bajaj Electricals Ltd.
Purchases (including services received)
-
(0.11)
-
(0.11)
Hind Musafir Agency Ltd.
Services received
0.04
-
13.11
(0.02)
Hindustan Housing Co. Ltd.
Maintenance charges paid
0.26
-
0.23
0.03
Maharashtra Scooters Ltd.
Investment in shares by MSL (6,927,794 shares of H 10 each)
-
(6.93)
-
(6.88)
Dividend paid
144.47
-
55.03
-
Buyback of shares
-
Purchases
-
0.18
-
Sales (including capital asset)
-
Services rendered
0.01
-
0.03
-
Rishabh Family Trust
1.14
-
0.36
(0.32)
Security deposit paid
0.25
(0.25)
-
Bajaj Auto Holdings Ltd.
Business Support Services Rendered
0.01
-
Forbes Marshall (Hyd) Private Limited
Purchases
-
Forbes Marshall Pvt Ltd
Purchases
-
0.06
-
Bajaj Auto Employees Group Gratuity Fund
Gratuity contribution
14.32
-
3.70
-
42 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
2025-26
2024-25
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Bajaj Auto Senior Staff Group Gratuity Fund
Gratuity contribution
6.00
-
1.00
-
Bajaj Auto Employees Superannuation Fund
Superannuation contribution
8.33
-
8.37
-
Bajaj Auto Limited Provident Fund
Provident fund contribution (Employer's share)
47.98
(3.29)
45.85
(1.15)
Kiska GmbH
Services received
-
1.90
-
Naushad D Forbes
Sitting fees
0.18
-
0.18
-
Commission
0.57
(0.57)
0.57
(0.57)
Anami N. Roy
Sitting fees
0.15
-
0.16
(0.01)
Commission
0.47
(0.47)
0.50
(0.50)
Pradip Shah
Sitting fees
0.16
-
0.17
(0.01)
Commission
0.50
(0.50)
0.54
(0.54)
Vinita Bali
Sitting fees
0.15
-
0.11
-
Commission
0.47
(0.47)
0.35
(0.35)
Abhinav Bindra
Sitting fees
0.13
-
0.15
-
Commission
0.41
(0.41)
0.47
(0.47)
Sangita Reddy
Sitting fees
0.05
-
0.04
-
Commission
0.16
(0.16)
0.13
(0.13)
Indian School of Business
Services received
0.11
-
42 Disclosure of transactions with related parties as required by the Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Contd.)
(H In Crore)
2025-26
2024-25
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
Transaction
Outstanding
Balance Sheet
43 Assets held for sale and disposals
The Group has classified the remaining holdings from the sale of KTM Sportcar GmbH as well as the shares in KISKA GmbH as held
for sale . The resulting impact on the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Group can be seen in the table
below:
As at 31 March
Particulars
Non-current assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method (refer note a below)
13.74
-
Current assets
Inventories ((refer note b below)
60.94
-
74.68
a
At the end of December 2025, the Group made the strategic decision to sell the 20% share in KISKA GmbH. As of
31 December 2025, the Group has classified and valued these shares as held for sale because pre-contractual agreements
have already been reached with the majority shareholder in KISKA GmbH and the sale was therefore highly likely.

Subsequently, the share in KISKA GmbH held for sale was sold to the previous majority shareholder, Loxone GmbH, at a
balance sheet value of H 13.74 crore. The Group did not receive any gains from the sale as a result. The agreement provides
for payment of the purchase price in several annual tranches, starting on 1 July 2026. The last payment is to be made on 1July
2029. (Refer section B.1 of material accounting policies)
b
At the end of December 2025, the inventories in KTM Sportcar GmbH were classified and valued as held for sale on the signing
of a letter of intent to sell. The inventories relate to KTM XBOW finished products associated with the transaction, which will be
successively sold to the buyer at book value.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
44. Segment information
Segment information is based on the consolidated financial statements.
Segment wise revenue, results and capital employed for the year ended 31 March 2026
The Holding Company s Core Management Committee (CMC), examines the Groups performance both from a product and
geographical perspective and has identified three reportable operative business segments. The group s significant source of risk and
rewards are derived from Automotive business Investments and Financing business, the performance of which is reviewed by the
committee on a periodic basis and hence considered as individual operative segments.
(a) Business segment
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Automotive
Investments
Financing
Consolidated
Revenue
External sales and other income*
60,530.43
1,309.18
3,247.61
65,087.22
Inter segment sales and other income
-
Total revenue
60,530.43
1,309.18
3,247.61
65,087.22
* includes Revenue from operations: H 60,386.43 crore
Segment result**
12,016.19
1,306.98
888.58
14,211.75
Finance costs
260.21
-
260.21
Tax expense
-
3,377.04
(169.71)
-
(169.71)
11,925.69
1,306.98
888.58
10,744.21
** Components of Statement of profit and loss account like employee benefit expense, depreciation and amortisation expense and
other expenses are not separately disclosed, as these are all majorly related to the automative segment of the Group.
Segment assets
30,161.47
25,579.02
19,774.15
75,514.64
Investments in associate of subsidiary
169.18
-
169.18
Unallocated corporate assets
-
1,539.17
Total assets
30,330.65
25,579.02
19,774.15
77,222.99
Segment liabilities
13,216.26
-
16,003.17
29,219.43
Unallocated corporate liabilities
-
412.70
Total liabilities
13,216.26
-
16,003.17
29,632.13
Capital employed (excluding unallocable)
17,114.39
25,579.02
3,770.98
46,464.39
Capital employed (unallocable)
1,126.47
Total capital employed
17,114.39
25,579.02
3,770.98
47,590.86
Reconciliation of segment liabilities
Total segment liabilities as above
29,632.13
Add: Considered as part of capital employed

73.30

Non Current Borrowings (Other than financial service business)
5,305.55

Lease Liabilities
659.26

1,304.30

Government grant (current and non-current)
28.03
Total liabilities as per Balance Sheet
37,002.57
Capital expenditure
678.95
1.66
13.55
694.16
Depreciation and write downs
634.82
-
9.87
644.69
Geographic Segment
(H In Crore)
Particulars
India
Rest of the world
Consolidated
Segment revenue: External sales and other income
42,920.23
22,166.99
65,087.22
Segment assets
57,338.26
19,884.73
77,222.99
Capital expenditure
553.01
141.15
694.16

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Segment information is based on the consolidated financial statements.
Segment wise Revenue, Results and Capital employed for the year ended 31 March 2025
The Holding Company s Core Management Committee (CMC), examines the Groups performance both from a product and
geographical perspective and has identified two reportable operative business segments. The group s significant source of risk
and rewards are derived from Automotive business and Investments, the performance of which is reviewed by the committee on a
periodic basis and hence considered as individual operative segments.
(a) Business segment
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Automotive
Investments
Financing
Consolidated
Revenue
External sales and other income*
49,982.13
1,445.98
1,040.85
52,468.96
Inter segment sales and other income
-
Total revenue
49,982.13
1,445.98
1,040.85
52,468.96
* includes Revenue from contracts with customers: H 49,266.95 crore
Segment result
8,769.75
1,443.72
78.15
10,291.62
Finance costs
68.09
-
68.09
Tax expense
-
2,898.80
-
8,701.66
1,443.72
78.15
7,324.73
Segment assets
12,061.70
26,135.15
10,972.90
49,169.75
Investments in associate of subsidiary
3,688.27
-
3,688.27
Unallocated corporate assets
-
1,340.59
Total assets
15,749.97
26,135.15
10,972.90
54,198.61
Segment liabilities
8,856.16
-
8,636.57
17,492.73
Unallocated corporate liabilities
-
235.77
Total liabilities
8,856.16
-
8,636.57
17,728.50
Capital employed (excluding unallocable)
6,893.81
26,135.15
2,336.33
35,365.29
Capital employed (unallocable)
1,104.82
Total capital employed
6,893.81
26,135.15
2,336.33
36,470.11
Reconciliation of segment liabilities
Total segment liabilities as above
17,728.50
Add: Considered as part of capital employed

127.64

1,123.03

Government grant (current and non-current)
30.69
Total liabilities as per Balance Sheet
19,009.86
Capital expenditure
851.12
-
27.82
878.94
Depreciation and write downs
409.30
-
4.93
414.23
44 Segment information (Contd.)
Geographic Segment
(H In Crore)
Particulars
India
Rest of the world
Consolidated
Segment revenue: External sales and other income
36,185.65
16,283.31
52,468.96
Segment assets
47,770.76
6,427.85
54,198.61
Capital expenditure
825.63
53.31
878.94

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
45 Disclosure in terms of Schedule III of the Companies Act,2013

Current year
Parent
86.96%
34,974.67
92.91%
9,824.66
92.36%
(1,257.60)
92.99%
8,567.06
Subsidiaries (Indian)
Bajaj Auto Technology Ltd. (earlier known as
Chetak Technology Ltd.)
1.15%
463.20
0.75%
78.80
(0.06%)
0.77
0.86%
79.57
Bajaj Auto Credit Ltd. (earlier known as
Bajaj Auto Consumer Finance Ltd.)
8.40%
3,379.14
6.28%
664.11
(1.31%)
17.82
7.40%
681.93
Subsidiaries (Foreign)
PT Bajaj Auto Indonesia
-
0.81
-
(0.14)
0.03%
(0.44)
(0.01%)
(0.58)
0.03%
13.10
0.01%
0.91
(0.01%)
0.08
0.01%
0.99
0.02%
9.40
0.01%
1.01
(0.04%)
0.48
0.02%
1.49
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas LTDA
0.33%
134.70
0.54%
57.12
(0.07%)
0.91
0.63%
58.03
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV
11.67%
4,692.78
3.79%
400.49
-
4.35%
400.49
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG
9.64%
3,877.93
4.13%
437.03
-
4.74%
437.03
Bajaj Mobility AG
13.08%
5,259.65
53.61%
5,669.44
-
61.54%
5,669.44
KTM Logistikzentrum GmbH
0.25%
98.72
-
(0.21)
-
(0.21)
KTM Immobilien GmbH
1.24%
496.75
0.14%
14.97
-
0.16%
14.97
KTM Beteiligungs GmbH
0.10%
40.60
-
KTM Motohall GmbH
(0.10%)
(41.34)
-
(0.21)
-
(0.21)
KTM AG
22.89%
9,205.42
(37.51%)
(3,966.94)
-
(43.06%)
(3,966.94)
Cero Design Studio S.L.
0.06%
25.00
-
(0.21)
-
(0.21)
PIERER E-Commerce GmbH
0.01%
2.85
0.06%
5.91
-
0.06%
5.91
Avocodo GmbH
0.04%
15.50
0.23%
24.36
-
0.26%
24.36
KTM Informatics GmbH
0.01%
2.21
0.01%
1.05
-
0.01%
1.05
KTM Österreich GmbH
0.01%
4.01
(0.01%)
(1.05)
-
(0.01%)
(1.05)
KTM Sportmotorcycle Deutschland GmbH
0.01%
5.48
(0.03%)
(3.48)
-
(0.04%)
(3.48)
Husqvarna Mobility GmbH
0.69%
275.80
(0.99%)
(104.40)
-
(1.13%)
(104.40)
KTM Sportmotorcycle GmbH
3.67%
1,476.33
(2.96%)
(312.98)
-
(3.40%)
(312.98)
KTM Sportmotorcycle UK Ltd.
0.01%
4.96
(0.08%)
(8.23)
-
(0.09%)
(8.23)
KTM Sportmotorcycle Hungaria Kft.
-
0.63
-
(0.21)
-
(0.21)
KTM Sportmotorcycle d.o.o.
-
0.63
-
(0.11)
-
(0.11)
KTM Sportmotorcycle France SAS
0.12%
47.78
(0.06%)
(6.12)
-
(0.07%)
(6.12)
KTM-Sportmotorcycle Espana S.L.
0.02%
9.49
(0.03%)
(2.85)
-
(0.03%)
(2.85)
KTM Sportmotorcycle Italia S.r.l.
0.07%
29.11
(0.08%)
(8.54)
-
(0.09%)
(8.54)
KTM-Sportmotorcycle Nederland B.V.
0.01%
4.75
(0.02%)
(1.90)
-
(0.02%)
(1.90)
KTM Sportmotorcycle Benelux S.A.
0.01%
3.80
(0.03%)
(3.27)
-
(0.04%)
(3.27)
KTM Sportmotorcycle Scandinavia AB
0.01%
4.22
(0.02%)
(2.11)
-
(0.02%)
(2.11)
KTM Nordic Oy
0.01%
2.95
(0.01%)
(1.48)
-
(0.02%)
(1.48)
KTM Central East Europe s.r.o.
0.01%
3.48
(0.03%)
(2.74)
-
(0.03%)
(2.74)
KTM Czech Republic s.r.o.
-
0.11
-
KTM Switzerland Ltd.
0.02%
9.70
(0.01%)
(1.16)
-
(0.01%)
(1.16)
KTM MotoGP Racing GmbH
0.03%
13.18
0.03%
2.95
-
0.03%
2.95
KTM Offroad Racing GmbH
0.01%
2.21
0.01%
1.58
-
0.02%
1.58
CFMOTO Motorcycles Distributions GmbH
-
0.74
(0.02%)
(2.64)
-
(0.03%)
(2.64)
KTM Motorcycles SA (Pty) Ltd.
0.15%
60.64
(0.01%)
(1.37)
-
(0.01%)
(1.37)
KTM North America Inc.
1.28%
514.58
(0.57%)
(60.32)
-
(0.65%)
(60.32)
PIERER E-Commerce North America Inc
-
Husqvarna Mobility North America, Inc.
0.30%
119.92
(0.05%)
(5.80)
-
(0.06%)
(5.80)
Husqvarna Motorsports Inc.
0.04%
17.09
-
0.11
-
0.11
Particulars
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
KTM Motorsports Inc.
0.29%
116.12
(0.01%)
(1.37)
-
(0.01%)
(1.37)
KTM Canada Inc
0.03%
12.66
(0.01%)
(0.63)
-
(0.01%)
(0.63)
KTM Sportmotorcycle Mexico C.V. de S.A.
0.14%
56.32
(0.36%)
(37.65)
-
(0.41%)
(37.65)
KTM Japan K.K.
(0.02%)
(8.23)
(0.11%)
(11.18)
-
(0.12%)
(11.18)
KTM Sportmotorcycle SEA PTE. Ltd.
0.06%
25.63
0.04%
3.80
-
0.04%
3.80
KTM Australia Pty Ltd.
(0.07%)
(30.16)
(0.17%)
(17.82)
-
(0.19%)
(17.82)
HQVA Pty Ltd.
0.02%
9.91
(0.20%)
(20.98)
-
(0.23%)
(20.98)
KTM Motorcycles Distributers NZ Limited
-
0.95
(0.01%)
(0.53)
-
(0.01%)
(0.53)
KTM Australia Holding Pty Ltd.
0.11%
45.25
-
KTM Sportmotorcycle India
0.01%
4.75
-
0.21
-
0.21
KTM (SHANGHAI) MOTO CO. LTD.
0.01%
4.32
0.01%
0.74
-
0.01%
0.74
KTM do Brasil Ltda
(0.04%)
(15.40)
(0.01%)
(1.27)
-
(0.01%)
(1.27)
KTM Components GmbH
1.79%
720.55
0.60%
63.80
-
0.69%
63.80
WP Suspension GmbH
0.01%
4.85
(0.05%)
(5.38)
-
(0.06%)
(5.38)
WP Immobilien GmbH
0.70%
280.02
(0.03%)
(2.74)
-
(0.03%)
(2.74)
WP Suspension North America Inc
0.02%
6.12
(0.02%)
(1.79)
-
(0.02%)
(1.79)
GASGAS GmbH
0.28%
110.64
(0.29%)
(30.58)
-
(0.33%)
(30.58)
GASGAS Motorcycles Espana SLU
0.11%
42.50
0.17%
18.03
-
0.20%
18.03
KTM Racing GmbH
0.72%
289.72
0.80%
84.15
-
0.91%
84.15
KTM Racing North America, Inc.
0.02%
7.80
0.02%
2.11
-
0.02%
2.11
KTM Forschungs & Entwicklungs GmbH
1.28%
513.10
(0.10%)
(10.33)
-
(0.11%)
(10.33)
PIERER & MAXCOM MOBILITY OOD
0.40%
160.84
(0.06%)
(6.54)
-
(0.07%)
(6.54)
PIERER Produktion GmbH
-
1.48
0.07%
6.96
-
0.08%
6.96
PIERER New Mobility GmbH
(8.02%)
(3,226.78)
(0.80%)
(85.10)
-
(0.92%)
(85.10)
PIERER New Mobility Deutschland GmbH
0.01%
5.59
-
0.42
-
0.42
PIERER New Mobility S.A. Pty Ltd.
-
(0.21)
-
PIERER New Mobility North America Inc
(0.18%)
(71.19)
(0.39%)
(41.13)
-
(0.45%)
(41.13)
PIERER NEW MOBILITY AUSTRALIA PTY LTD
-
0.11
-
0.11
-
0.11
PIERER New Mobility Bulgaria OOD
(0.17%)
(68.03)
(0.94%)
(99.12)
-
(1.08%)
(99.12)
Felt Bicycles GmbH
0.01%
2.85
(0.04%)
(4.75)
-
(0.05%)
(4.75)
PIERER IMMOREAL NORTH AMERICA LLC
0.53%
213.47
0.03%
3.48
-
0.04%
3.48
Platin 1483. GmbH
0.01%
2.21
-
Associates (Foreign)
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (BAIH AG) (Formerly known as
'Pierer Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG') (Erstwhile associate)
-
(9.90%)
(1,047.11)
-
(11.37%)
(1,047.11)
KTM Asia Motorcycle Manufacturing Inc
-
CFMOTO-KTMR2R Motorcycles Company Limited
0.42%
168.85
0.09%
9.04
-
0.10%
9.04
LX Media GmbH
-
0.33
-
KISKA GmbH
0.03%
13.74
-
Add/(Less): Non-controlling interest in all subsidiaries
3.45%
1,388.43
(1.60%)
(169.71)
-
(1.84%)
(169.71)
Add/(Less): Inter-company eliminations
(64.22%)
(25,831.37)
(6.70%)
(708.67)
9.08%
(123.65)
(9.03%)
(832.32)
Total
100.00%
40,220.42
100.00%
10,574.50
100.00%
(1,361.63)
100.00%
9,212.87
45 Disclosure in terms of Schedule III of the Companies Act,2013 (Contd.)

Current year
Particulars
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
45 Disclosure in terms of Schedule III of the Companies Act,2013

Previous year
Parent
91.37%
32,146.94
111.29%
8,151.42
93.03%
1,223.24
108.51%
9,374.66
Subsidiaries (Indian)
Bajaj Auto Technology Ltd. (earlier known as
Chetak Technology Ltd.)
1.09%
383.63
0.23%
16.73
(0.14%)
(1.85)
0.17%
14.88
Bajaj Auto Credit Ltd. (earlier known as
Bajaj Auto Consumer Finance Ltd.)
6.81%
2,397.21
0.80%
58.30
(1.85%)
(24.32)
0.39%
33.98
Subsidiaries (Foreign)
PT Bajaj Auto Indonesia
-
0.89
-
(0.03)
0.01%
0.14
-
0.11
Bajaj Auto International Holdings BV
7.03%
2,472.39
0.26%
19.27
6.21%
81.69
1.17%
100.96
0.03%
10.69
0.01%
0.86
(0.02%)
(0.27)
0.01%
0.59
0.02%
7.11
0.01%
0.83
(0.01%)
(0.11)
0.01%
0.72
Bajaj Do Brasil Comercio De Motocicletas LTDA
0.19%
68.35
(0.09%)
(6.29)
0.10%
1.34
(0.06%)
(4.95)
Associate (Foreign)
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG
(earlier known as Pierer Bajaj AG)
10.48%
3,688.27
(4.29%)
(314.55)
-
(3.64%)
(314.55)
Add/(Less): Non-controlling interest in all subsidiaries
-
(0.01)
-
Add/(Less): Inter-company eliminations
(17.02%)
(5,986.72)
(8.22%)
(601.81)
2.67%
35.13
(6.56%)
(566.68)
Total
100.00%
35,188.75
100.00%
7,324.73
100.00%
1,314.99
100.00%
8,639.72
Particulars
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Amount
(J In Crore)
Acquisitions during the year ended 31 March 2026
Acquisition of Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (BAIH AG) (Formerly known as 'Pierer Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG').
On November 18, 2025 ( date of acquisition ), the Group through its wholly owned subsidiary, Bajaj Auto International Holdings B.V,
(BAIHBV), acquired sole controlling interest in BAIH AG and consequently, BAIH AG became subsidiary of the Group. Together with
previously held 49.9% of shares, Bajaj Auto Group now owns 100% in BAIHAG which inturn holds ~74.94% stake in BMAG. BMAG is
the holding company of KTM AG, a leading motorcycle manufacturer in Europe with brands such as KTM, Husqvarna and GASGAS.
The Group has accounted, profit of H 953.10 crore on remeasurement at fair value on acquisition date, pertaining to previously held
equity interest and has reclassified foreign currency translation gain on investment in erstwhile associate accumulated over the prior
reporting periods in Foreign Currency Translation Reserve of H 645.71 crore, to profit or loss.
Pursuant to acquisition of such controlling stake, the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been determined by
the Group and accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Ind AS 103 Business Combination as at
the date of acquisition. The excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the purchase consideration has been recognised
as capital reserve in other equity through other comprehensive income. Accordingly, the Group has consolidated BAIHAG as a
subsidiary from date of acquisition till 31 December 2025. Financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 include the impact
of the above transaction w.e.f. 18 November 2025 and are thus not comparable with corresponding previous periods.
The Group has elected to measure non controlling interests in the acquiree using the proportionate share method, i.e., based on the
present ownership instruments share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree s identifiable net assets.
46 Business combinations and acquisition of non-controlling interests

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed
The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of these entities as at the date of acquisition were:
(H In Crore )
Particulars
Fair Value
Assets
3,476.78
73.60
Right of use-assets
569.86
Intangible assets
3,924.92
1,442.30
Investments in associates
171.87
Loans
30.01
Income tax assets (net) & deferred tax assets
89.30
Other financials assets
697.96
Other assets
833.26
Inventories
4,764.29
Trade receivables
2,618.32
889.53
Assets and disposal groups held for sale
56.90
19,638.90
Liabilities
Borrowings
9,562.82
501.54
Lease liabilities
620.94
Trade payables
1,651.94
483.01
Other liabilities
283.19
Provisions
493.25
31.04
13,627.73
Total identifiable net assets at fair value
6,011.17
Non Controlling interest measured at fair value
1,533.30
Total identifiable net assets at fair value (pertaining to Group)
4,477.87
Bargain purchase gain/Capital Reserve
(21.83)
Purchase Considerations transferred
4,456.04
46 Business combinations and acquisition of non-controlling interests (Contd.)

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The acquisition date fair value of the trade receivables amounts to H 2,618.32 crore against the gross amount H 2,779.94 crore.
The full contractual amounts are expected to be realised.
From the date of acquisition, BAIHAG has contributed H 1,296.23 crore of revenue and H 871.86 crore to the losses before tax
from continuing operations of the Group. If the combination had taken place at the beginning of the year, revenue from continuing
operations would have been H 10,236.98 crore and the profit before tax from continuing operations for the Group would have
been H 6,063.52 crore.
The right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the
lease relative to market terms.
The deferred tax liability mainly comprises the tax effect of the accelerated depreciation for tax purposes of tangible and intangible assets.
Purchase Consideration
Particulars
(J In Crore)
Purchase consideration paid for acquisition of controlling stake (Exercise of call option of existing loan)
524.09
Fair Value of share held at acquisition date (49.9% in BAIH AG)
3,931.95
Total Consideration
4,456.04
Analysis of Cashflow on acquisition
Particulars
(J In Crore)
Purchase consideration paid for acquisition of controlling stake (Exercise of call option of existing loan)
(524.09)
Net cash acquired with the subsidiary
889.53
Net Cashflow on acquisition
365.44
46 Business combinations and acquisition of non-controlling interests (Contd.)
47. Capital commitments
As at 31 March
Particulars
Capital commitments, net of capital advances
186.30
139.06
Investments related commitments*
5.53
4,605
*For FY24-25
The Group had an investment in Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG (BAIH AG) (Formerly known as 'Pierer Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG') (erstwhile associate)
through its wholly owned subsidiary BAIHBV. KTM AG, which is part of Pierer Bajaj AG Group applied for court restructuring proceedings with self-ad-
ministration under Austrian jurisdiction pursuant to liquidity crisis and other adverse financial conditions. In this regard, creditors of KTM AG accepted
the restructuring plan submitted by KTM AG which provides creditors to receive a cash quota of 30% of their claims in the form of a one-off payment.
As a prerequisite to fulfil the cash quota of 30%, KTM AG was required to pay an equivalent amount with the restructuring administrator. To facilitate
such funding needs of KTM AG, all shareholders of associate were committed to pay its share of Euro 540 million.
48. MSME Disclosure
Considering the Group has been extended credit period upto 45 days by its vendors and payments being released on a timely basis, there is no liability
towards interest on delayed payments under The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act 2006 during the year. There is also no
amount of outstanding interest in this regard, brought forward from previous years. Information in this regard is on basis of intimation received, on
requests made by the Group, with regards to registration of vendors under the said Act.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
The Group, through its wholly owned subsidiary, BAIHBV, previously held 49.9% stake in one associate, i.e., Bajaj Auto International
Holdings AG ('BAI HAG' - formerly known as 'Pierer Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG'). On 18 November 18, 2025 ('date of acquisition'), the Company
through its wholly owned subsidiary, BAIHBV, acquired sole controlling interest in BAI HAG and consequently, BAIHAG became
subsidiary of the Group.
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG ( BAIHAG - formerly known as Pierer Bajaj AG or PBAG ) acts exclusively as the holding
company of Pierer Mobility AG. The Pierer Mobility Group is Europe s leading Powered Two-Wheeler (PTW) manufacturer with a
focus on highly innovative sports motorcycles and electric mobility. With its KTM, HUSQVARNA Motorcycles, and GASGAS motorcycle
brands, IT is one of the technology and market leaders in Europe, especially when IT comes to premium motorcycles.
The Group has accounted its share of consolidated loss for the period 1 January 2025 to 18 November 2025 as an associate, the
profit on remeasurement of previously held equity interest at fair value was recognised in other comprehensive income and the
accumulated foreign currency translation gain accumulated in the Foreign Currency Translation Reserve, has been reclassified to
the Statement of Profit and Loss
(H In Crore)
Particulars
Share of profit/(loss) of associate accounted for under equity method
(1,038.07)
(3,389.66)
Gain on remeasurement at fair value (see note 46)
953.10
-
Impairment provisioning*
-
(600.93)
Reclassification of Foreign currency translation gain accumulated over the prior reporting periods
in FCT Reserve
645.71
-
Restructuring Gain on write-back of liabilities of BAIH AG Group entities*
-
3,075.11
560.74
(915.48)
* During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Group has recognized a net loss of H 915.48 crore in the consolidated financial statements related to its investment in erstwhile
associate entity, Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG ( BAI HAG - formerly known as Pierer Bajaj AG or PBAG ). This comprises share of loss of H 314.55 crore, accounted
for under the equity method, and an impairment loss of H 600.93 crore on the carrying value of net investment in the associate.
The share of loss of H 314.55 crore includes a proportionate share of gain of H 3,075.11 crore recognised by KTM AG pertaining to write back of liabilities, consequent to the
creditors meeting dated 25 February 2025, which was part of the financial restructuring process of KTM AG under court approved self-administration proceedings.
The impairment loss of H 600.93 crore has been recognized on the Group s carrying value of net investment in associate forming part of automotive segment based on a
computation of value in use pursuant to restructuring of KTM AG which included comprehensive review of the underlying valuation and long-term cash flow projections of
operating entity KTM AG. The impairment assessment considered multiple scenarios and incorporated potential downside risks to future performance, including sensitivity
to macroeconomic conditions, market demand, and execution of the restructured business plan.
Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG ('BAIHAG' - formerly known as 'Pierer Bajaj AG' or 'PBAG') erstwhile associate, is a
private entity that is not listed on any public exchange.

The Group s interest is in PBAG. (Refer section B.1 of material accounting policies)
Particulars
31. Dec 2024
(J In Crore)
Current assets
11,084.64
8,451.79
Assets held for sale and disposal groups
1,843.43
Current liabilities
20,767.20
1,749.01
Liabilities in connection with assets held for sale and disposal groups
599.72
Equity
(1,736.07)
Revenue
17,011.12
Profit/(loss) before tax
(11,561.83)
Profit/(loss) for the year (continuing operations)
(9,781.15)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (continuing operations)
(9,796.27)
The associate had no contingent liabilities or capital commitments.
49 Investment in associates

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group
The Group has, as on 31 March 2026, the financial assets accounted for using the equity method. The interests in
associates that are included using the equity method are considered to be immaterial individually.

Following associates are accounted for using the equity methods:
KTM Asia Motorcycle Manufacturing Inc.,

KTM Asia Motorcycle Manufacturing Inc., Philippines, was founded in June 2016 together with partner Ayala Corp. and
started CKD (Completely-Knocked-Down) assembly for KTM motorcycles in the Philippines in mid-2017.

This share is completely depreciated due to uncertain going concern forecasts.
KISKA GmbH.

The Group has classified and valued its 20% share in KISKA GmbH as held for sale . Kiska GmbH is a design company that
provides services in the field of development and design.
LX Media GmbH;
CFMOTO-KTMR2R Motorcycles Co., Ltd.,

CFMOTO was established in financial year 2018 under the name Zhejiang CFMOTO-KTMR2R Mo-torcycles Co., Ltd. . The
company commenced operations in the financial year 2021.

In Hangzhou, China, mid-range motorcycles are produced. The Bajaj Group intensified its cooperation with CFMOTO in the
financial year 2023 and expanded production.

The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of the Group s investment in CFMOTO-KTMR2R Motorcycles
Co., Ltd., (in Chinese Yuan, which is its functional currency) acquired as an associate through business combination of BAIHAG
effective 18 November 2025: (Refer section B.1 of material accounting policies)
Particulars
31. Dec 2025
(J In Crore)
Current assets
13.09
642.49
Assets held for sale and disposal groups
-
Current liabilities
276.03
8.58
Liabilities in connection with assets held for sale and disposal groups
-
Equity
370.97
Revenue
1,184.61
75.12
Profit for the year (continuing operations)
67.46
Total comprehensive income for the year (continuing operations)
67.46
The associate had no contingent liabilities or capital commitments.
49 Investment in associates (Contd.)
50. Miscellaneous
There have been no events after the reporting date that require disclosure in these financial statements.
Amounts less than H 50,000 have been shown at actual against respective line items statutorily required to be disclosed.
The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Group for
holding any Benami property.
Companies incorporated in India forming part of the Group has performed the assessment to identify transactions with struck
off companies as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 and identified no company with any transactions.
The Group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
The Group has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties
(as defined under the Companies Act,2013), either severally or jointly with any other person other than disclosed in note 6.
g.
No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind
of funds by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries except as stated below. The Company has complied with
the relevant provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Companies Act,2013 for the said transactions,
and these transactions are not violative of the Prevention of Money-Laundering Act,2002.

The Company on 03 April 2025 has advanced loan of H 324 crore (Euro 35 million) and on 16 May 2025 invested H 1,202 crore
(Euro 125 million) in equity shares of Bajaj Auto International Holding B.V. (Netherlands) ( BAIHBV ), a wholly owned subsidiary.

Of this (including Euro 15 million out of previous year balance), BAIHBV further invested in convertible bonds amounting to H
467 crore (Euro 50 million) on 03 April 2025 and H 1,209 crore (Euro 125 million) on 22 May 2025 in its subsidiary Bajaj Auto
International Holding AG ( BAIH AG ).

BAIH AG, in turn, invested in its subsidiary, Bajaj Mobility AG, Austria, which ultimately deployed the funds into KTM AG,
Austria (a subsidiary of Bajaj Mobility AG), to facilitate the funding requirements of KTM AG towards the phased resumption of
production and its operating costs. The said transactions has been executed within the framework defined by the Administrator
in Austria.

The Company on 24 February 2025 has advanced loan of H 1,043 crore (Euro 115 million) (excluding impact of forex mark-to-
market (MTM) changes) to Bajaj Auto International Holding B.V. (Netherlands) ( BAIHBV ), a wholly owned subsidiary. Of this,
BAIHBV further granted a loan amounting of H 456 crore (Euro 50 million) on 24 February 2025 and invested in convertible
bonds amounting to H 460 crore (Euro 50 million) on 31 March 2025 ultimately into KTM AG, Austria (subsidiary of Bajaj Mobility
AG, Austria) through its associate Bajaj Auto International Holdings AG - to Bajaj Mobility AG, Austria (subsidiary of Bajaj
Auto International Holdings AG, Austria) to facilitate the funding needs of KTM AG, Austria towards the phased resumption of
production at KTM AG and its operating costs. The said transactions has been executed within the framework defined by the
Administrator in Austria.
h.
No funds have been received by the Group from any person or entity, including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Group shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
The Group has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or Government or any Government authority.
j.
The Group has not been sanctioned working capital limits from banks or financial institutions during any point of time of the
year on the basis of security of current assets.
k.
The Group does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other
relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
l.
31. March 2026

The holding company and its subsidiaries incorporated in India have used accounting software SAP-S4 HANA for maintaining
its books of account which have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, audit trail feature have not been tampered with in respect of
accounting software where the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the holding company and its subsidiaries incorporated
in India have recorded and preserved audit trail in full compliance with the requirements of section 128(5) of the Companies
Act,2013. Further, in respect of the FY 2024-25, the Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in India have preserved the
requirements of recording audit trail to the extent IT was enabled and recorded in prior year.
50 Miscellaneous (Contd.)

100. Years of Bajaj Group
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES
100. Years of Bajaj Group

31. March 2025

The holding company and its subsidiaries incorporated in India have used accounting software SAP-S4 HANA for maintaining
its books of account which have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same have operated throughout the
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, audit trail feature have not been tampered with in respect
of accounting software where the audit trail have been enabled. Additionally, the holding company and its subsidiaries have
recorded and preserved audit trail in full compliance with the requirements of section 128(5) of the Companies Act,2013.

Further, in respect of the FY 2023-24, the holding company and its subsidiaries have preserved the requirements of recording
audit trail to the extent IT was enabled and recorded in respect of those years.

For one of its subsidiary, in respect of non-integrated LMS accounting software, where the audit log is maintained for access
made to database by the DB users, audit trail have been enabled at the database level via Privileged Access Management tool
for effective governance and oversight of access activities that was active for a part of the year and continued to be effective as
on 31 March 2025. These DB users are not allowed to carry out any authorised direct changes/edits to financial transactions
in the LMS-DB, which if carried out is ill-legal. The Company has established and maintained an adequate internal control
framework and based on its assessment, believes that this was effective as of 31 March 2025.
m.
31 March 2025: The holding company holds investment in Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited (listed entity) and Yulu Bikes
Private Limited. Changes in fair value in respect of these investments is accounted for in other comprehensive income. In
compliance with Ind AS 12, the holding company was making accounting provisions for Deferred Tax as per applicable law on
changes in fair value on this investment.

For the listed entity, the Finance (No. 2) Act,2024 changed the tax rate with respect to long-term capital gains from 10% plus
surcharge and cess to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess.

Further, for the unlisted entity, the said Act withdrew the indexation benefit on long-term capital gains and the tax rate was
changed from 20% plus surcharge and cess (with indexation) to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess (without indexation).
Due to the aforesaid changes, the accounting provision for Deferred Tax created on changes in fair value has been consequently
increased by H 75.80 crore while computing the other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2025.

IT is to be noted that only a provision is being made in the books of accounts at this point of time to record the Deferred Tax, in
line with the applicable accounting standards and the recently enacted tax change. The actual payment of tax would be made
at the time of sale/transfer of these investments. The cash outflow towards tax could be different at the time of sale/transfer
n.
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) issued the Environment Protection (End-of-Life Vehicles)
Rules,2025 (ELV rules), effective from 1 April 2025. In accordance with ELV rules, Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR)
obligations are imposed on producers (including vehicle manufacturers ) for the scrapping of End-of-Life Vehicles. As the
pricing mechanism for EPR certificates has not yet been notified by MoEFCC, amongst other things, the Company is currently
unable to reliably estimate its obligation and believes that IT will be able to estimate the same once all the measurement
framework for determining the reliable estimate is established.
o.
Companies incorporated in India forming part of the Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be
registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
p.
Figures for previous year/period have been regrouped wherever necessary.
50 Miscellaneous (Contd.)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)

Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
per Paul Alvares
Partner
Membership Number: 105754
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Bajaj Auto Limited 19th Annual Report 2025-26
Salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries for the year ended 31 March 2026
Form AOC-1
In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Companies Act,2013, the salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries is
(H In Crore)
Particulars
PT. Bajaj Auto Indonesia
Bajaj Auto International
Holdings BV.
(Consolidated)
Bajaj Auto
(Thailand) Ltd.
Bajaj Auto Technology
Ltd. (earlier known
as Chetak Technology
Ltd.)
Bajaj Auto
Credit Ltd.
Bajaj Do Brasil
Comercio De
Motocicletas LTDA
a
The date since when subsidiary was acquired
20. February 2008
20. February 2008
20. December 2019
04. October 2021
06. December 2021
05. August 2021
31. March 2022
(being the effective date
of demerger of erstwhile
BAL)
(being the effective date
of demerger of erstwhile
BAL)
b
Reporting period for the subsidiary
1. April 2025 to
31. March 2026
1. April 2025 to
31. March 2026
1. January 2025 to
31. December 2025
1. April 2025 to
31. March 2026
1. April 2025 to
31. March 2026
1. January 2025 to
31. December 2025
1. January 2025 to
31. December 2025
Reporting currency as on the last date of the
relevant financial year in the case of foreign
subsidiaries
IDR (Indonesian Rupiah)
Euro
THB (Thai Baht)
INR
INR
Euro
Reais (Brazilian Real)
Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant
financial year in the case of foreign subsidiaries
1 USD = IDR 16993
1 USD = H 89.875
1 Euro = H 108.995
1 USD = THB 31.5463
1 USD = H 89.875
NA
NA
1 Euro = H 105.4675
1 USD = BRL 5.5021
1 USD = H 89.875
e
Share capital
6.50
3,520.54
12.82
470.00
2,700.00
6.33
93.92
f
Reserves and surplus
(5.69)
2,251.67
0.28
(6.80)
679.14
3.07
40.78
g
Total assets
0.85
19,101.02
14.28
533.55
19,921.57
10.66
602.45
h
Total liabilities
0.85
19,101.02
14.28
533.55
19,921.57
10.66
602.45
Investments
-
169.18
-
338.91
224.70
-
j
Turnover
0.02
1,992.69
14.12
333.48
3,247.61
20.91
779.39
k
(0.14)
70.42
0.91
105.30
888.58
1.37
84.86
Provision for tax
-
(72.80)
-
26.50
224.47
0.36
27.74
(0.14)
143.22
0.91
78.80
664.11
1.01
57.12
n
Proposed dividend
-
o
% of shareholding
99.25%
100.00%
Niraj Bajaj
Chairman
(DIN: 00028261)

Dinesh Thapar
Chief Financial Officer
Rajiv Bajaj
Managing Director
(DIN: 00018262)
Pune: 06 May 2026
Rajiv Gandhi
Company Secretary
Anami N. Roy
Chairman - Audit Committee
(DIN: 01361110)

Notes

www.indidesign.in | www.pragati.com

Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, India
www.bajajauto.com