Annual
Repor

We have been a quiet yet relentless force of growth and
innovation since our listing on the NSE in January 2000.
While the world braced for Y2K glitches, we embraced
the dawn of new possibilities - and never looked back.
Over two and a half decades, we have built a legacy of
delivering consistent value across every front: soaring
revenues, robust profitability, groundbreaking innovations
and unwavering shareholder returns. Weathering two
major global crises, three technology booms and endless
changes, this is our story of resilience. Here is how we
celebrate our journey and continue to deliver on our
strategic priorities, while bringing together the best
of technology and our people to supercharge progress.
People, Purpose, Progress
growth mantra
HCLTech's
for 25 Years

Celebration of the
25th Anniversary
of HCLTech's IPO
across the Globe
North Carolina, US
Canada
Australia
Chennai, India
Mexico
Noida, India
Romania
Poland
Texas, US
Germany
Singapore
Vietnam
Brazil
Nagpur, India

Creating Exceptional
Value for Shareholders
On January 10, 2000, HCLTech went public and its shares were listed on India s premier stock exchanges,
giving investors an opportunity to participate in India s globally famed IT technology services story.
Over the past two and a half decades, HCLTech has firmly established itself as a bellwether of India s IT industry
and delivered exceptional shareholder returns driven by innovation and excellence. The 25th anniversary of the
IPO marked a major milestone to celebrate this incredible journey and look ahead with optimism.
HCLTech is
publicly listed
Pioneered
cybersecurity
services -
Launched India s
first network
security services
business
HCL is founded
as one of the
original tech,
computing and
startups of India
Diversifying
capabilities -
Footprint
expanded to
medical devices,
aerospace and
defense,
semiconductor,
manufacturing,
financial services
and retail
industries
Pioneered
Remote
Infrastructure
Management
(RIM) by signing
deals with AMD
and NCR
Engineering
services reach
scale - Signed
engagements
with Airbus
and Boeing
Software
go upstream -
Acquired
UK-based
enterprise
applications
consultancy
firm AXON
HCLTech leadership team at the special bell-ringing ceremony at the National Stock Exchange in Mumbai, India

Pioneered
partnership
model by opening
a co-innovation
lab in London with
Deutsche Bank
to build Fintech
solutions
Strategic
partnership with
Verizon Business
to redefine wireline
service delivery
Engineering
capabilities
deepened
with purchase
of certain
assets of HPE s
Communications
Technology Group
Recognized as
World s fastest-
growing IT
Services Brand
by Brand Finance
HCLSoftware is born
with our renewed
focus on the products
business. Select IBM
products were
acquired for $1.8B
IT services ecosystem
model pioneered -
Created a new model
for partnerships with
global hyperscalers,
tech OEMs and ISVs
An investment of
for a lot of 100 shares
in the company s IPO
₹58,000
is worth
approximately
(ex-dividend)
in total dividend
₹32,00,000
₹4,50,000
Based on share price as of Jan 10, 2025
20.6%
Compound TSR
growth for
25 years
consecutive quarters
of dividend paid,
as of March 2025
Best-in-class
Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
25 Years Performance Trends (₹ Crores)
FY25
FY19
FY14
FY09
FY04
FY99
117,055
60,427
32,917
10,591
2,614
FY25
FY19
FY14
FY09
FY04
FY99
FY25
FY19
FY14
FY09
FY04
FY99
People Metrics
223,420
137,965
91,691
54,216
16,358
2,051
172x
Net Income Growth
109x
Headcount Growth
424x
Revenue Growth
CAGR: 26.5%
CAGR: 22.1%
60 countries
17,390
10,123
6,369
1,278

Contents
Corporate Overview
Message from
the Chairperson
Message from
the CEO &
Managing Director
Founder and
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Another Year of
Best-In-Class
Growth
Our Global Presence
Awards and
Recognitions
Our Businesses
AI and GenAI
Engineering and
R&D Services
IT and Business
Services (ITBS)
HCLSoftware
Scan the QR code
to view the digital copy
of the HCLTech Annual
Repor 2024-25

Value Creation
Approach
Business Strategy
Value Creation Model
Financial Capital
Human Capital
Intellectual Capital
Social and
Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
Corporate Social
Responsibility
Community Initiatives
in India
Community Initiatives
Beyond India
Management
Discussion and
Analysis (MDA)
Directors Repor
Corporate
Governance Repor
CEO and CFO
Cerificates
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability
Repor (BRSR)
Financial Perormance
Standalone Financial
Statements
Consolidated Financial
Statements
Statement under
Section 129

Message from
the Chairperson

This year, we celebrated the 25th anniversary of HCLTech going public. The company s growth has been nothing short of
spectacular, establishing itself as one of the finest global corporations out of India with world-class corporate governance,
sustainability and social responsibility at its core. We have set the benchmark with industry-leading Total Shareholder
Returns and several firsts in the industry. Thank you for your support and trust throughout this exciting journey.
FY25 marked another year of robust growth for HCLTech. Despite demand challenges, we achieved best-in-class growth
for the second consecutive year. Our services revenue exceeded ₹100,000 crores, grew at 6.5% YoY, and have outperformed
our comparable peers for the third year in a row. Our software business maintained over $1 billion annual recurring revenue.
This highlights the strength of our differentiated portfolio that enables our clients navigate the rapid changes in the
technology landscape led by technologies such as AI and quantum computing.
We continue to invest aggressively in our technology
capabilities. We have made significant progress by developing
a full-stack AI portfolio that allows clients to innovate and deploy
real-world solutions at scale. We are also ensuring that we deliver
our AI capabilities ethically and responsibly.
HCLTech is adopting AI widely across the organization and
investing in upskilling employees in AI and allied technologies.
Our focus on gender diversity has ensured a diversity rate of
29% across the company and 50% at the board level. We continue
to provide platforms for more women leaders to build long-term
careers with HCLTech.
Sustainability remains a top priority for us and we have made
considerable progress in our journey to becoming a net-zero
emission company by 2040. In recognition of these efforts, HCLTech
was included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for the third
year in a row and received Gold status from EcoVadis, placing
IT among the top 5% companies globally. We were also ranked
No. 3 in Brand Finance s Sustainability Perception Index in India.
Our uncompromising approach to high standards of
governance and integrity was recognized by Ethisphere, which
named HCLTech one of the World s Most Ethical Companies
2025. This is the second year in a row we ve earned this accolade.
HCLTech, through HCLFoundation and global CSR councils,
has strengthened its social responsibility efforts. In India, we
have increased HCLTech Grant outlay for FY26 by 45% to support
innovative projects in water management, health, education and
biodiversity. We have also pledged to lead the water stewardship
in Yamuna basin as a part of the CEO Water Mandate Water
Resilience Coalition . We believe these initiatives have the
promise to deliver impact at scale and create replicable solutions.
IT s also heartening to note the enthusiastic response we have received for the HCLTech Americas Grant initiative that supports
path-breaking climate action programs by NGOs in the Americas.
Looking ahead, the demand environment is expected to remain challenging as clients continue to exercise caution due to
uncertainties around global trade frameworks and geopolitical tensions. We remain focused on navigating these challenges
and ensuring that HCLTech remains well-positioned to leverage the opportunities available. Technology evolution, driven by
AI, is accelerating and the IT services industry is at an inflection point. Needless to say, the industry will need to reinvent itself
to stay relevant. HCLTech is prepared to adapt to these shifts.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the HCLTech leadership team and the 223,000+ HCLTechies led by our
Managing Director & CEO, C Vijayakumar, for their passion and commitment, which make HCLTech stand apart year after year.
I also thank our shareholders, clients and business partners for their continued trust and support.
Best regards,
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
We continue to invest
aggressively in our
technology capabilities.
We have made significant
progress by developing a
full-stack AI portfolio that
allows clients to innovate
and deploy real-world
solutions at scale. We
are also ensuring that we
deliver our AI capabilities
ethically and responsibly.
Corporate Overview

Message from the
CEO & Managing Director

In FY25, HCLTech once again delivered industry-leading growth and maintained steady profitability despite continued
uncertainty in the macro-economic and geopolitical environment. This marks the second consecutive year in which
HCLTech has outperformed its comparable peers, underscoring the resilience of our all-weather portfolio, AI-led
propositions and sharp focus on client excellence. Today, HCLTech has firmly established itself as the bellwether
of the Indian IT services industry.
Revenue for the year was ₹117,055 crores, a growth of 6.5%, while profit for the full year was ₹17,390 crores, a growth
of 10.8%. EBIT was ₹21,420 crores, up 7% and EBIT margin was 18.3%. Services revenue was ₹105,398 crores, up 6.6%,
while HCLSoftware continued to grow from strength
to strength with revenue of ₹12,049 crores, a growth
of 5.2%. In terms of geographies, both our dominant
markets, the US and Europe, each saw 5.2% growth,
in constant currency (CC). Among our industry verticals,
Telecom, Media, Publishing and Entertainment led with
a robust growth of 43.4%, followed by Retail and CPG,
which grew by 10.7%, while Technology and Services
grew by 6.7%, in CC.
HCLTech was named as the world s fastest-growing
IT services brand in 2025 by Brand Finance, with a brand
value of $8.9 billion, up 17% YoY - a very proud moment
for all of us. We were also the No. 1 India-headquartered
company in TIME magazine s list of World s Best
Companies 2024 and featured in Forbes list of
World s Best Management Consulting Firms 2024.
FY25 also saw us mark a very special milestone in
our growth journey. This year we celebrated the 25th
anniversary of HCLTech s IPO. Over the past 25 years,
HCLTech has delivered industry-leading cumulative
total shareholding return (TSR) with a CAGR of 20.6%.
We pioneered the Engineering and R&D and Remote
IT Infrastructure Management services in the Indian
IT industry and also built the largest enterprise software
product company out of Asia. Few Indian companies
have had the privilege of creating such tremendous value
for their investors, people, clients and the nation at large.
In a rapidly evolving technology landscape, we have
doubled down on investing in the upskilling of our
people, offering them a culture in which they can
grow and thrive. In FY25, we trained over 106,000
employees in AI/GenAI. We continue to have one
of the lowest employee attrition rates in the industry
and possibly the most stable leadership team.
For the third consecutive year, HCLTech received the
Global Top Employer recognition from Top Employers Institute, with a No. 1 rank in North America, Europe and APAC. We
were also recognized by Forbes as one of the World s Best Employers for the fifth consecutive year, making us the only
India-headquartered company in the professional services category to be among the global top 10 for five years in a row.
HCLTech s balance sheet remained very healthy, driven by efficient capital management and cost controls. During FY25,
ROIC was 37.9%, up 4.1%, and comparable to the best in the industry. The Operating Cash Flow to Net Income conversion
was 129%, while Free Cash Flow to Net Income conversion was 123%. Diluted EPS for FY25 came in at ₹64.09, a growth of
10.8%. The dividend payout for the full year was ₹60 per share, representing 93.5% of net income, which again is among
the best in the industry.
This strong performance is also reflected in the recognitions from the investor and analyst communities. HCLTech was the
most decorated India-headquartered IT services company in the 14th Institutional Investor Research Annual Asia Executive
Team survey with No. 1 rank in 21 categories in the Technology IT Services & Software sector. We received 400+ leadership
As AI adoption among
enterprises becomes
mainstream, HCLTech is
in a sweet spot to ride this
opportunity curve with its
full-stack portfolio and
leadership in software
and IP-led services. Our
entrepreneurial DNA, well-
supported by our engineering
pedigree, is enabling us to
develop new propositions
that empower our clients and
fuel their business growth.
Corporate Overview

recognitions from industry analysts across technology
capabilities and industries, with HCLTech being the only
service provider to receive a Customer s Choice rating in
all six Gartner Peer Insights Voice of the Customer (VoC)
reports across IT services markets.
We are now in a post-digital era where enterprises
are reimaging their business models with an AI-
driven philosophy. As AI adoption among enterprises
becomes mainstream, HCLTech is in a sweet spot to
ride this opportunity curve with its full-stack portfolio
and leadership in software and IP-led services. Our
entrepreneurial DNA, well-supported by our engineering
pedigree, is enabling us to develop new propositions that
empower our clients and fuel their business growth. Our
AI and Agentic offerings like AI Force, AI Foundry, AI Labs
and AI Engineering have seen healthy adoption among
our client base across all vertical segments. Our GenAI-
integrated HCLSoftware products and industry-focused
repeatable solutions (IFRS) are starting to see market
momentum. A good number of our large deal wins in FY25
have been enabled by AI Force and AI Foundry platforms,
underscoring our ability to deploy AI-led solutions at scale
and deliver real-world outcomes
Driven by the depth of our capabilities in AI, HCLTech
has become partner of choice for the world s top
technology companies. We ve established joint AI Labs
with SAP, NVIDIA and ServiceNow. Our clients will be
able to leverage these relationships to harness the
true potential of AI and its adjacencies.
Internally, HCLTech is also driving adoption of AI/GenAI
solutions across its business processes, including HR,
Finance and Sales/Marketing, to drive increased speed,
better employee experience and higher productivity.
For instance, we have deployed our own AI-based hiring
platform, Talent Navigator, to significantly improve
the quality and velocity of hiring.
We have made significant strides in integrating
sustainability into our business. Our approach to
sustainability is grounded in the principles of Act. Pact.
Impact. Since FY20, we have reduced Scope 1&2 emissions
by 46% and Scope 3 emissions by 22%. We have achieved
83% increase in renewable energy consumption from FY20
and 100% of our owned buildings are Platinum-rated by
Green Building Councils. In FY25, we replenished
31x water compared to what we consumed across
our India operations.
Our CSR initiatives in India are delivering transformational
impact at scale. With a cumulative investment of
over ₹1,680 crores through the HCLFoundation, the
interventions have positively impacted over 7.5 million
lives across India. We are taking forward these learnings
and capabilities to our global operations through grants
and partnerships as well as employee volunteering.
The HCLTech Grant Americas program has successfully
completed two editions as part of the $5 million
commitment to support climate action programs by NGOs
across Americas. Going forward, we aim to expand these
socially impactful solutions to more geographies.
At this moment, we acknowledge the uncertainties in the
business environment due to economic and trade related
headwinds as well as continuing geopolitical challenges.
While there are near-term challenges such as softness
in discretionary spends, there are also opportunities as
clients look to partners like HCLTech to help them navigate
through these times by bringing together the best of
technology and people and unlocking the art of the
possible . With our differentiated portfolio and people,
we remain optimistic and well-positioned for the large
growth opportunities that lie beyond this immediate
phase of turbulence.
I would like to extend my gratitude to the Board of
Directors of HCLTech for their constant guidance and
support to the leadership team.
I also want to thank our people for their continued passion
and commitment in serving our clients and importantly
living the HCLTech ethos and values every day.
On behalf of everyone at HCLTech, I take this opportunity
to thank our shareholders, clients and partners for reposing
their trust in us.
Best regards,
C. Vijayakumar
While there are near-term
challenges such as softness
in discretionary spends,
there are also opportunities
as clients look to partners like
HCLTech to help them navigate
through these times by bringing
together the best of technology
and people and unlocking the
art of the possible .
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Founder
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Risk Management Committee
ESG and Diversity Equity Inclusion Committee
Respective Chair of each Committee
Key to board
committee
membership
Non-Executive, Independent Directors
Simon John
England
Director
Nishi Vasudeva
Director
Shiv Nadar
Founder, HCL Group;
Chairman Emeritus
and Strategic Advisor
to the Board
C. Vijayakumar
Chief Executive
Officer &
Managing Director
Thomas Sieber
Director
Bhavani
Balasubramanian
Director
Roshni Nadar
Malhotra
Chairperson,
Non-Executive and
Non-Independent
Deepak Kapoor
Director
Lee Fang Chew
Director
Vanitha Narayanan
Director
Shikhar Malhotra
Director,
Non-Executive,
Non-Independent
Corporate Overview

Leadership Team
C. Vijayakumar
Chief Executive Officer &
Managing Director
Anil Ganjoo
TMT and RCPG Industries,
Americas
Ajay Bahl
MEGA Industries,
Americas
Ajit Kumar
Chief Information Officer
Ashish Kumar Gupta
Europe and Africa,
Diversified Industries
Jagadeshwar Gattu
President,
Digital Foundation
Services
Hari Sadarahalli
Corporate Vice President
Engineering and
R&D Services
Jill Kouri
Chief Marketing Officer
Kalyan Kumar
Chief Product Officer,
HCLSoftware
Kevin McGee
Chief Risk Officer
Nidhi Pundhir
Senior Vice President and
Global Head, CSR
Pawan Vadapalli
Corporate Vice President
Digital Business Services
Arjun A. Sethi
Strategic Segments
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Rahul Singh
Chief Operating Officer,
Corporate Functions
Ramachandran
Sundararajan
Chief People Officer
Rahul Mohta
Executive Vice President
and Head, Enterprise
Performance Office
Sriram Hariharan
Corporate Vice President
and Head of Strategy and
Corporate Development
Raghu Raman
Lakshmanan
General Counsel
Raghu Kidambi
Corporate Vice President
and Global Head, Digital
Process Operations
Rajiv Shesh
Chief Revenue Officer,
HCLSoftware
Raj Ramachandran
Corporate Vice President
and Chief of Staff to the
CEO & Managing Director
Vijay Guntur
Chief Technology Officer
and Head of Ecosystems
Swapan Johri
President,
Growth Markets
Shrikanth Shetty
Chief Growth Officer and
Global Head, Life
Sciences and Healthcare
Industries
Srinivasan Seshadri
Chief Growth Officer
Financial Services
Srimathi Shivashankar
Corporate Vice President
EdTech Business
Shiv Walia
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Overview

Free Cash Flow (FCF)/Net Income (NI) Ratio
and Dividend Payout Ratio (DPR)
Another Year of Best-in-class Growth
$13.8B
Revenue
₹117,055Cr
4.3% YoY
6.5% YoY
Earnings before other income,
tax and finance cost
7% YoY
₹21,420Cr
Profit after tax (PAT)
(atributable to owners of the company)
10.8% YoY
₹17,390Cr
Free cash flow
₹21,153Cr
New large deals
signed
New deal total
contract value (TCV)
$9.3B
Total increase in $100M+
clients over five FYs
1.5x
Segment revenue** (₹ Cr)
86,438
IT and Business Services
Engineering and
R&D Services
HCLSoftware
18,960
12,049
**Includes inter-segment revenue of ₹392 crores
Free cash flow (₹ Cr)
Net income (₹ Cr)
Dividend (on declared basis) (₹ Cr)
159%
FCF/NI
63.3%
DPR
17,714
11,145
7,054
FY21
113%
88.3%
FY22
110%
87.5%
FY23
136%
89.6%
FY24
122%
93.5%
FY25
15,255
13,499
11,920
16,348
14,851
12,994
21,400
15,702
14,076
21,153
17,390
16,250
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Revenue
from operations
(₹ Cr)
CAGR* 11.6%
117,055
109,913
101,456
85,651
75,379
21,420
Earnings
before other
income, tax and
finance cost
(₹ Cr)
CAGR* 8.5%
20,027
18,483
16,204
15,437
*4-year CAGR
Profit after
tax (PAT)
(attributable to
owners of the
company) (₹ Cr)
CAGR* 11.8%
17,390
15,702
14,851
13,499
11,145
64.09
Diluted EPS
(₹)
CAGR* 11.8%
57.86
54.79
49.77
41.07
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
Mobile World Congress 2025,
Barcelona
World Economic Forum 2025, Davos
Client Advisory Board Europe
2025, Amsterdam
Investor Day 2024, Mumbai
Client Category (Number of clients)
$100M+
$50M+
$20M+
$10M+
$5M+
$1M+
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
Corporate Overview

Powered by one global
blended network
Competency-led, value-creating
delivery centers
Innovation and
experience-led spaces
Unified global-local approach
Our differentiators
60+
Countries
220+
Global delivery centers
30+
Languages
Agile operations
across time zones
Collaboration Studios
Experience Zones
and CECs
70+
Labs
Global Presence
Our competency-led network offers seamless
and integrated services to our clients through
delivery centers, labs, experience zones and centers.
Santa Clara, CA
East Brunswick, NJ
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

APAC
Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
New Zealand
EMEA
Austria
Bahrain
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Morocco
Netherlands
Norway
Oman
Poland
Porugal
Romania
Saudi Arabia
Slovakia
South Africa
Argentina
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Americas
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
UAE
United Kingdom
Guatemala
Mexico
Panama
Peru
USA
Customer
Experience
Center (CEC)
AI and Cloud
Native Lab
Experience
Zone
Upcoming
CEC
Noida
Chennai
Bangalore
Singapore
Bucharest
Eschborn
London
Munich
Hyderabad
Corporate Overview

Awards and Recognitions
Executive Recognitions
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
Chairperson, HCLTech
conferred the Chevalier de la
Légion d Honneur, France s
highest civilian award.
C. Vijayakumar
CEO & Managing Director, HCLTech, recognized as
India s Best CEO in the IT Services - Super Large category
by Fortune India
No. 1 in the Best CEO category in the Institutional Investor
Research 14th Annual Asia Executive Team survey
Other recognitions for Roshni Nadar Malhotra
Only Indian businessperson to be included in Fortune s listing of
100. Most Powerful Women globally
Highest-ranked Indian businessperson to be featured in Fortune s
listing of 100 Most Powerful Women in Asia
Included in Forbes list of The World s Most Powerful Women
Included in India s Most Powerful Women 2024 listing by Business Today
Recipient of the Business Leader of the Year Award at the IAA Leadership
Awards 2024 and the Most Promising Next-gen Leader Award at the
FICCI Young Leaders Awards 2024
Shiv Nadar
Chairman Emeritus and
Strategic Advisor to the
Board of HCLTech was
named India s most
generous for the third
time in five years in
Edelgive-Hurun India
Philanthropy
List 2024.
He also received the
Santokbaa Humanitarian
Award for his philanthropic
initiatives.
Roshni Nadar Malhotra was
recognized as the Business
Leader of the Year at the
2024. NDTV Indian of the
Year awards. Ms Kiran Nadar
(left) received the award on
her behalf.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Corporate Recognitions
Employer Recognitions
Business Recognitions
World s fastest-growing IT services brand in Brand
Finance 2025 Global 500 and IT Services Top 25 report
Most decorated India-headquartered IT services
company in the Institutional Investor Research Annual
Asia Executive Team survey, with No. 1 rank in
21 categories, including the Best CEO, Best CFO
and Best IR Team, in the Technology IT Services &
Software sector
No. 1 India-headquartered company in TIME magazine s
list of World s Best Companies 2024
Featured in Forbes list of World s Best Management
Consulting Firms 2024
Recognized by Newsweek as one of America s Most
Reliable Companies 2025
No. 7 rank in India s Most Respected Companies 2024
listing by BW Businessworld
Global Top Employer recognition from Top Employers
Institute for the third consecutive year, with No. 1 rank
in North America, Europe and APAC
Recognized by Forbes as one of the World s Best
Employers for the fifth consecutive year. Only India-
headquartered company in the professional services
category to be among the global top 10 for five years
in a row
No. 1 rank among professional services companies
in the Forbes list of America s Best Employers for
New Graduates 2024
ATD BEST 2024 Award from The Association of
Talent Development, US
The Economic Times Human Capital Awards
for excellence in three key areas: HR Practices,
Organizational Development and Creating a
Culture of Continuous Learning and Upskilling
2025. Intel EPIC Supplier Award for Excellence
in Technology Development Services
SAP Pinnacle Award in Social Impact
category for HCLTech AquaSphere
Caterpillar Supplier Excellence Award
Highly Commended Winner for
Best Risk Management solution
at Adam Smith Awards Asia 2024
Pega Financial Services Award
2024. AI Breakthrough Award in the Best
Predictive Analytics Solution category to
Real-time Manufacturing Insights (RMI) solution
Commvault Market Builder GSI and Resilience
GSI Trailblazer partner of the year awards
Edge Computing Excellence Award 2024 for
HCLTech Intelligent Secure Edge (SSE) solution
Recognized as one of Ethisphere s 2025
World s Most Ethical Companies
FStech Awards 2025 in Consumer Finance App of the
Year, RegTech and Compliance Project of the Year
SHRM HR Excellence Award 2024 for Excellence in
Leveraging HR Technology in the Enterprises category,
from the Society for Human Resource Management
Corporate Overview

Dynamics 365
Services Partner
Partner Award for
Market Acceleration
in SI/GSI/MSP
category
2025. Partner Plus
Awards in the Hybrid
by Design category
for the EMEA region
Global Strategic
Alliance Partner
of the Year
Hybrid Cloud Partner
Global Alliances Partner of
the Year and Engagement
Partner of the Year in EMEA
2024. Partner Awards -
North America Cloud/
Technology Customer
Success Category
Americas
Transformation Partner
Data and Analytics Competency
Partner, Manufacturing and
Industrial Competency Partner,
CloudFormation Service Delivery
Partner (SDP) recognitions
Ecosystem Partner of Choice Recognitions
ESG Recognitions
Analyst Recognitions
Included in S&P Global
Sustainability Yearbook
for the third year in a row
Gold status from EcoVadis;
placed among the top 5%
companies globally
A- rating for Climate and
B rating for Water Security
from CDP
No. 3 rank in Brand
Finance s Sustainability
Perception Index in India
No. 7 rank in the
Top 50 Most Sustainable
Companies 2024 listing
by BW Businessworld
Equinix Social Governance
Award for Asia Pacific
Diversity Rising Awards
by Blue Cross Blue Shield
of Rhode Island
Recognized for Excelling
in Practices for Women
in STEM 2024 by the
Confederation of Indian
Industry (CII)
100% platinum-certified
for all owned sites
TRUE Zero Waste to
Landfill certification
2024. IFCCI Annual CSR Conclave
and Awards to HCLFoundation in
the Healthcare category
400+
leadership recognitions
across technology
capabilities and industries
Only service provider to be
rated Customers Choice in
4 out of 5 Gartner Peer Insights
Voice of the Customer (VoC)
reports across
IT services markets
(as of April 2025)
Secured 9 ISG CX Star
Performer Awards in
12 months, the highest
among service providers
One of two service providers to
be rated as a Leader in all the
Gartner Magic Quadrants
2024-25 related to Infrastructure
Services (Digital Foundation)
and Core Application
Services 2024
Only Indian heritage vendor
to be rated as a Leader
in Oracle services by both
Forrester and IDC
Rated as a Leader for
SAP services by both
IDC and Everest
Partner of the Year awards for
Global Talent Development,
Industry Solution
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

HCLTech positioned as a Leader in:
ERS
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Discrete Manufacturing
PLM Strategic Consulting Services 2024 Vendor
Assessment (doc # US52721622, Nov 2024)
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Industrial IoT Consulting
and Integration Services 2025 Vendor Assessment
(doc# US51812824, Mar 2025)
Everest Group s Connected Product Engineering Services
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024
Everest Group s Semiconductor Engineering Services
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024
DBS
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Custom Software
Development Services (Gunjan Gupta et. al,
15. October 2024)
The Forrester Wave : Oracle Services, Q1 2025
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide SAP Implementation
Services 2025 Vendor Assessment
(doc# US51272524, Feb 2025)
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Data Modernization
Services 2024 Vendor Assessment
(doc# US51234424, Sep 2024)
DFS
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Managed Network Services
(Ted Corbett et. al, 14 October, 2024)
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Service Integration and
Management Services (DD Mishra et. al, 9 December, 2024)
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud IT
Transformation Services (Mark Ray et. al, 5 August, 2024)
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital
Workplace Services (Karl Rosander et. al,
24. March, 2025)
The Forrester Wave : Infrastructure Outsourcing Services,
Q4 2024
The Forrester Wave : Application Modernization and
Multicloud Managed Services, Q1 2025
DPO
Everest Group s B2B Sales Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2024
Everest Group s Supply Chain Transformation Services
for Retail and CPG PEAK Matrix Assessment 2025
Everest Group s Lending Services Operations PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2024
Avasant s Intelligent ITOps Services 2024-2025
RadarView
HCLSoftware
HCLSoftware positioned as a Leader in 2024 Gartner
Magic Quadrant for Service Orchestration and
Automation Platforms
HCLSoftware positioned as a Leader in IDC MarketScape:
Worldwide Unified Endpoint Management Software 2024
Vendor Assessment
HCLSoftware positioned as a Challenger in 2025 Gartner
Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms
HCLSoftware positioned as a Contender in Forrester Wave:
Cross-Channel Marketing Hubs, Q4 2024
GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and MAGIC
QUADRANT and PEER INSIGHTS is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All
rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise
technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of
the opinions of Gartner s research organisation and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties,
expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be
construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor,
product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about
its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The Gartner content
described herein (the Gartner Content ) represents research opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription
service, by Gartner, Inc. ( Gartner ), and is not a representation of fact. Gartner Content speaks as of its original publication date (and
not as of the date of this Report), and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Content are subject to change without notice.
Forrester does not endorse any company, product, brand, or service included in its research publications and does not advise any
person to select the products or services of any company or brand based on the ratings included in such publications. Information
is based on the best available resources. Opinions reflect judgment at the time and are subject to change. For more information,
read about Forrester s objectivity here: https://www.forrester.com/about-us/objectivity/
AI and GenAI
HFS Horizons: Generative Enterprise Services, 2025
Avasant s Applied AI Services 2024 RadarView
Avasant s Generative AI Services 2024 RadarView
ISG Provider Lens Advanced Analytics and
AI Services - Advanced BI and Reporting
Modernization Services, Data Modernization
Services, Data Science and AI Services - Large -
U.S., Europe 2024
Scan to see the full list
of analyst recognitions
Corporate Overview

Our Businesses
$12.4B services revenue
spanning ITBS and ERS offerings
220+
global delivery
centers across
60 countries
400+
leadership
recognitions
from top
analyst firms
Parner to
50% of G500
40% of G2000
enterprises
500+
AI and GenAI
engagements
400+ clients
$1.4B enterprise
software
business with
70+ products

AI and GenAI
HCLTech s AI strategy for FY25 was centered around building and delivering
innovative, scalable, responsible and ROI-driven AI solutions that empower
businesses to navigate the complexities of the hyper-intelligent age.
By integrating cutting-edge AI technologies with a deep understanding of
industry-specific challenges and leveraging our rich ecosystem of partnerships,
HCLTech took an early lead in the market in FY25, establishing a differentiated
positioning in the swiftly evolving space.
Core Pillars of HCLTech s AI Strategy
Building Advanced AI Solutions
We have built a full-stack offering that allows us to deliver
tangible business impact for our clients. IT spans GPUs and
CPUs (Graphical Processing Units and Central Processing
Units) and the underlying cognitive infrastructure (servers,
storage and data centers) to AI models (LLMs and SLMs)
and data and AI to applications and products, culminating
in our AI consulting services for accelerated production
scale. This equips us to drive service transformation,
value stream innovation and front-office co-innovation
for our clients. We are among the very few service
providers in the world right now offering this
full-stack in AI.
Our AI and
Cloud Native
Lab Footprint
Noida
Singapore
London
Munich
Santa Clara, CA
East Brunswick, NJ
AI use case demo at HCLTech s Santa Clara office
Corporate Overview

AI Force
AI Labs
AI Foundry
AI Engineering
Our GenAI-powered service transformation
platform revitalizes the software engineering and
IT operations lifecycle for improved efficiencies
and accelerated time-to-market. The platform is
integrated with Microsoft GitHub Copilot, Google
Gemini, AWS Anthropic Claude 3, NVIDIA, IBM
watsonx and Meta Llama.
Our network of AI and Cloud Native Labs offers
consulting services and experiential spaces for
organizations to swiftly go from MVP (minimum
viable product) to production scale. Currently, our
global lab footprint covers London, Noida, Munich,
Santa Clara, New Jersey and Singapore. Our lab
network also includes partner-specific labs.
The system integration and managed services
offering provides value stream innovation by
bringing together the power of Data, AI and
cognitive infrastructure.
We deliver robotics, physical AI and AI chip design,
development and tape-out capabilities along with
a hardware engineering prowess for building
next-gen products and powering AI data centers
that handle increasingly complex AI workloads.
Agentic AI
We are now spearheading the next shift from AI-assisted processes to autonomous and adaptive enterprises
through our Agentic AI suite with its three-step Journey to Value framework that runs across our full-stack
AI offering. We have partnered with hyperscalers (Google, Microsoft and AWS), semiconductor vendors
(NVIDIA, AMD and Intel) and platform ISVs (Salesforce, ServiceNow and SAP) to build our Agentic AI solutions.
For example, we released 50 agents on Google Marketplace across multiple industries, transforming
various business processes, including IT, HR, customer relationship management, finance and sales.
Driving Service Transformation
At HCLTech, one of the key thematic pillars of our
AI go-to-market strategy is service transformation-led
and enabled by our flagship AI Force platform. This
transformation covers several key elements, like software
development (including silicon), IT operations and business
process operations. We are deploying AI Force in our own
technology environment too with a pragmatic and step-
wise approach through a 10-step methodology of discovery,
interventions, adoption, scaling and change management.
Delivering Value-stream Innovation
Our AI-led industry-focused repeatable solutions
are designed to drive innovation and efficiency across
various sectors. By leveraging advanced AI technologies,
we create tailored solutions that address specific
industry challenges, streamline operations and
enhance decision-making processes. Our approach
ensures scalability and adaptability, enabling businesses
to quickly implement and benefit from these solutions.
These solutions enable our clients to go beyond the table
stakes of efficiencies, productivity gains and accelerated
time-to-market to provide new capabilities and business
models. This allows them to innovate and launch new
products and services, resulting in revenue uplift, end-user
stickiness, new market creation and market share gains,
among others.
We will continue to invest in these solutions across the
two archetypes of Repeatable Solutions for horizontal
capabilities and Repeatable Solutions for vertical domains.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Accountability
Fairness
Security
Privacy
Transparency
Consult
Contain
Continue
AI Governance
Strategy and Design
Implementation and
Compliance Management
Monitoring, Optimization
and Evolution
Ensuring Responsible and Ethical AI
As AI technologies advance, businesses face the pressing
need to ensure that their AI systems are developed and
deployed ethically and responsibly.
HCLTech has established the Office of Responsible AI
and Governance (ORAIG), which is dedicated to guiding
organizations through the complexities of AI governance,
compliance and ethical deployment. ORAIG combines deep
expertise in AI technologies with a strong commitment to
responsible practices, so that AI systems are built to be not
only effective but also ethical, transparent and compliant
with global standards.
To support organizations in their AI transformation,
ORAIG offers the following services:
Maturity assessment and evaluation of gaps
AI management systems readiness
Technical assessments and red teaming
Responsible AI engineering and sustainability design
AI governance policy implementation for responsible AI
Responsible user adoption and change management
The ORAIG is also responsible for ensuring HCLTech s
own development, deployment and use of AI is ethical.
Collaboration and Ecosystem Leverage
HCLTech collaborates with leading technology providers,
academic institutions and industry consortia to stay at the
forefront of AI advancements and co-develop innovative
solutions with leading stakeholders. We have deep
360-degree partnerships with all hyperscalers,
major tech OEMs, ISVs and early innovators that
provide us unparalleled access to new technologies
and markets.
We are deeply involved with our partners in
co-developing AI solutions. For example, we have been
selected by Salesforce to be part of its Agentforce Partner
Network. We have been an early mover in developing
Agentic solutions on the Google, AWS and Microsoft
suites. We have also established dedicated co-innovation
spaces in the shape of our AI Lab in Munich with SAP,
with ServiceNow in London and a CoE on Responsible AI
with IBM watsonx in New Jersey.
Our Partners
Corporate Overview

Talent Development and Training
We have established an AI and GenAI skills academy for our people to continually learn and develop their skills.
We also provide dedicated training to our global sales force, so that they are better equipped to advise clients and
prospects accordingly.
We are committed to upskilling both developers and users on AI/GenAI technologies. For developers, we have developed
a set of comprehensive training modules spanning chip design to AI and GenAI modeling, as well as data science and
engineering. We trained more than 100,000 users and 4,000 developers in AI and GenAI in FY25.
For users, the focus is on fundamentals and using AI to be more efficient in their roles. In addition to its own AI and GenAI
training modules, HCLTech has partnered with NVIDIA, Intel, IBM, Dell and leading hyperscalers to upskill employees in AI.
Achievements
Service Transformation
AI Force closes the year with
57 deployments
AI Force is now integrated with all
leading hyperscalers and tech OEMs
AI Force 2.0 released with new
agentic and responsible AI features
Value Stream Innovation
AI Foundry
Cognitive Infrastructure services
integrated with Dell, HPE, VMware,
IBM Red Hat, IBM watsonx and
Nutanix
New developments within
AI Foundry solution suite for
Data Modernization (ConvertData),
Insights and Experimentation for
AI journeys
Launched HCLTech Insight, an
Agentic AI-powered Industry
Focused Repeatable Solution (IFRS)
designed to equip manufacturers
with advanced data insights and
analytics capabilities
50 AI agents launched on
Google Gemini
A new Office of Responsible AI and
Governance (ORAIG) instituted
New partnership inked with
Responsible AI Institute
AI Foundry launched and
integrated with Microsoft Azure,
Google Cloud, AWS and NVIDIA
Launched HCLTech FlexSpace for
AI PCs in collaboration with Intel
Launched AI-driven Managed
Detection and Response (MDR)
solutions with Google Cloud
Security
Rolled out Metahuman framework,
a conversational AI solution
Our solutions Virtual Recruiter,
Intelligent Insurance Claims
Processing solution and Financial
Assist won the AWS GenAI
Hackathon series
AI Force designed 50+ pre-built
agentic recipes across
requirements, development, testing,
DevOps, technical support and
supporting commercially
off-the-shelf products
AI Labs
AI and Cloud Native Labs
delivered over 500 AI engagements
for 400 clients, out of which 376
were delivered in FY25 alone
New AI and Cloud Native Labs
opened in Santa Clara and New
Jersey in US, Singapore and Munich
AI Engineering
Established a new Robotics
Intelligence CoE
Launched new solutions covering
spaces such as vision-based
inspection, predictive equipment
failure analysis and silicon
Launch of AI and Cloud Native Lab, New Jersey
Launch of our AI and Cloud Native Lab with SAP, Munich
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Recognitions
Recognized as a Leader in
all three service areas in ISG
Provider Lens 2024 reports
on Advanced Analytics and AI
Services. The three areas are
Data Modernization Services,
Data Science and AI Services
and Advanced BI and Reporting
Modernization Services
Recognized as a Leader in the IDC
MarketScape for Worldwide Data
Modernization Services 2024
Vendor Assessment
Rated as a Horizon 3 Market
Leader in the HFS Horizons
Generative Enterprise Services,
2025 report
Recognized as the Global ISG Star
of Excellence CX Star Performer
2024 for Generative AI Services,
achieving the highest customer
experience scores in ISG s Voice
of the Customer survey
Rated as Leader in the ISG
Provider Lens - Generative AI
Services - Development and
Deployment Services
Rated as a Leader in Avasant
RadarView on Generative AI
Services, 2024
AI Force featured in a report
published by TBR (Technology
Business Research) - HCLTech
AI Force: Scalable, modular and
backed by proven AI expertise
AI Force helps networking OEM accelerate
test automation
A leading networking OEM needed to maintain accelerated product
launches without compromising on quality. They required an automation
solution for their hardware testing process and chose to harness a GenAI
platform to modernize, streamline and accelerate test automation.
The goal was to ensure consistent output, increase efficiency, shorten
turnaround time and control costs while adhering to quality and
compliance standards.
The client deployed AI Force, HCLTech s GenAI platform, revitalizing
their software engineering and operations lifecycle. This led to script
generation for core product lines, minimizing manual script creation
time and providing textual summaries for easy understanding. Existing
test cases were converted into a modern scripting language, ensuring
compatibility with proprietary automation platforms. Multiple testing
phases were supported, ensuring thorough coverage across all
functionalities while secured online generative AI models were hosted
in cloud servers and local AI models.
The results included a 40% reduction in bandwidth usage for testing,
improved quality of test scripts with precise comments and
descriptions, significant reduction in debugging time and accelerated
testing services with faster script generation, reduced review time and
minor script revisions.
Blending on-prem SLMs with cloud-based
LLMs to assist healthcare specialists
A leading healthcare provider in the US invested in a clinical library to offer
healthcare specialists access to cutting-edge medical research, standard
operating procedures, best practices and treatment protocols. They sought
an AI-powered solution to enrich the clinical library with a patient-focused
conversational interface, summarize patient medical history, offer evidence-
based recommendations, ensure the system does not hallucinate, and
anonymize and secure PII (personally identifiable information) data.
We created a two-part solution with both on-prem and cloud-based
processing. On-premise processing uses small AI models (SLMs) on
specialized computers to process patient data and medical history locally,
preventing patients from repeating their medical history multiple times.
Cloud-based processing employs large language models (LLMs) to answer
doctors questions and provide real-time advice. This solution leverages
advanced Retrieval Augmented Generation techniques to enhance similarity
searches and develop specialized prompts for healthcare professionals.
The solution led to an estimated annual savings of over $100 million,
improved efficiency for over 10,000 clinicians, resulted in a better patient
experience and established the system as a trusted advisor for clinicians.
Case Study
Case Study
Corporate Overview

Clients Speak

We are thrilled to partner with HCLTech on the
development and operation of our Corporate Agentic AI
Platform. This collaboration marks a significant milestone
for GF as we leverage GenAI and automation to drive
innovation and efficiency across our business. HCLTech s
expertise and commitment to delivering concrete
business value have been instrumental in this project,
and we are confident that this platform will unlock new
opportunities and enhance our competitive edge. We look
forward to a successful partnership and the transformative
impact this initiative will have on our business.
Sacha Ghiglione, Head of Corporate AI, GF

We are thrilled to expand our partnership with HCLTech,
who shares our vision of leveraging AI to transform the
CCaaS market HCLTech is a leader in contact center
transformations and is well positioned to help customers
harness the power of AI to drive operational efficiency,
scale and growth.
Charles Lamanna, Corporate Vice President,
Business and Industry Copilot, Microsoft

As we continue our digital transformation journey, we are
confident that HCLTech s AI-led capabilities, customer-
centric approach and partner ecosystem will help us
achieve the desired outcome of improving safety and
efficiency of our port operations.
Jim Downing, Chief Information Officer, Carrix
Analysts Speak

IDC considers HCLTech s strategies around offerings,
innovation and go-to-market alliances as key strengths.
Customers highly regard the company s ability to provide
data modernization strategy and target operating model,
migrate and rationalize data across legacy and cloud
environments, provide technical insights and competency,
and address issues around data availability and latency.
Jennifer Hamel, Senior Research Director, IDC
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Data Modernization Services
2024. Vendor Assessment

HCLTech s transformational approach, which merges
human insights with advanced technologies, positions
the company as a trusted partner, enabling organizations
to navigate the complexities of AI adoption while driving
measurable business outcomes.
Gowtham Kumar Sampath, Assistant Director and
Principal Analyst, ISG
ISG Provider Lens Advanced Analytics and AI Services -
Data Science and AI Services - Large - U.S. 2024

HCLTech s AI Force and Enterprise AI Foundry empower
organizations to achieve transformative efficiencies
and AI-led strategies, focusing on responsible adoption,
security and enhanced CX across value chains.
Vartika Rai, Senior Research Analyst, ISG
ISG Provider Lens Advanced Analytics and AI Services -
Data Science and AI Services - Large - Europe 2024

HCLTech provides end-to-end data estate modernization
services and a set of accelerators to enable enterprises
to achieve tailored, real-time intelligence while ensuring
data governance and streamlined migration to cloud
platforms.
Vartika Rai, Senior Research Analyst, ISG
ISG Provider Lens Advanced Analytics and AI Services -
Data Modernization Services - Large - Europe 2024

HCLTech empowers enterprises to scale AI and GenAI
solutions with its full-stack offerings, domain expertise
and a focus on delivering business outcomes and ROI.
Its long years of AI experience and suite of IPs has
positioned IT well to turn clients Generative Enterprise
ambitions into reality.
David Cushman, Executive Research Leader, HFS Research
HFS Horizons: Generative Enterprise Services, 2025
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Hybrid Cloud Strategy in the GenAI Era
Cloud adoption is accelerating in the GenAI era as business leaders recognize the
financial benefits of successful GenAI and Agentic AI projects and the importance of
cloud models for their computational power, security and scalability. Cloud integration
is a fundamental component of every business transformation initiative, consistently
involving the modernization of applications, data and infrastructure.
With high demand for the efficiencies, automation and
innovation promised by GenAI headlines, IT organizations
must undertake several practical steps in advance to achieve
these outcomes, including modernizing legacy systems while
investing in new GenAI capabilities, upskilling the workforce
and adopting product-centric IT cloud operating models.
HCLTech offers CloudSMART as the framework businesses
can harness to achieve profitability, revenue growth and
competitive differentiation, leveraging all the capabilities
of hybrid cloud while addressing ongoing complexities
such as scalability, repeatability, automation, consistent
quality and security.
Embedded in the HCLTech CloudSMART framework are
hybrid and public cloud native capabilities that target these
complexities by providing holistic industrialized services,
factory model delivery and a signature workshop, Ideas to
Impact . IT encourages collaboration between the business
and IT to explore, plan, execute and validate projects for the
ethical development, deployment and governance of
cloud-dependent AI technologies.
Through these innovative workshops, experts and industry
principals strategize with clients and guide them through
the steps needed to accelerate their ability to modernize
their infrastructure, modernize or build new AI applications
and even reinvent commercial off-the-shelf (COTS)
applications. The workshop documents goals, existing
infrastructure, application estate and operational challenges
to define and execute a proof of value. Clients avoid costly
false starts that chip away at budgets and distract them
from mission-critical objectives.
Analyst Speak
SMART Way to AI Value
The HCLTech CloudSMART approach, the
Ideas to Impact workshop and HCLTech s
industrialized services and factory model for
delivery enable clients to realize the return
on AI investments. IT ensures resilient, reliable
applications and modernized infrastructure that
accelerates time to market and provides faster
problem resolution with greater margins and
highly satisfied clients and employees.

HCLTech has driven significant investments in
strengthening AWS-specific digital transformation
capabilities through its AWS Business Unit. IT has
enhanced its value proposition by integrating AI
across infrastructure, applications and data on security,
supported by its GenAI labs. Its industry expertise,
specifically in BFSI and HLS, combined with use
case-based solutions, make IT a preferred choice
for enterprises seeking proven cloud transformation
capabilities. Clients value HCLTech s delivery excellence,
industry knowledge and ability to deliver tailored AWS
solutions. These strengths have firmly established
HCLTech as a Leader in Everest Group s AWS Cloud
Services PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024.
Zachariah Chirayil, Practice Director, Everest Group
Everest Group s AWS Cloud Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2024

HCLTech s ambition for Industry Cloud is to deliver
engineering-led business transformation. What makes
IT stand out is the willingness to co-innovate and to
engage in ecosystems. Clients reflect on HCLTech s agile
resourcing at fair costing models underpinning those
transformation journeys.
Tom Reuner, Executive Research Leader and
Head of EMEA, HFS Research
HFS Horizons: Industry Cloud Service Providers, 2024
AI and Cloud Native Lab, London
Corporate Overview

Engineering and R&D Services
With nearly five decades of core engineering heritage, HCLTech s Engineering and
R&D Services (ERS) is the preferred partner for more than 100 of the top 250 global
R&D spenders. Our capabilities span the full product value chain: from design and
manufacturing to supply chain and after-market services, enabling clients
to deliver value aligned with their vision and priorities.
Strategic Roadmap
In a fast-changing world, G2000 companies are
constantly evolving. At HCLTech ERS, we support
this transformation through a strategic roadmap
built on deep domain knowledge, advanced
technologies and strong IP assets. Our expertise
Showcasing automotive industry capabilities at Bharat
Mobility Expo 2025
spans product engineering, digital engineering and digital
manufacturing - enabling smart products, connected
experiences and optimized production. Our leadership
in semiconductors and AI further strengthens our ability
to drive intelligent, efficient and transformative outcomes
across industries.
AI and GenAI for growth and efficiency:
We harness AI and GenAI to unlock new revenue
streams, enhance customer experiences and
improve operational efficiency - delivering
measurable value and competitive advantage.
CXO-aligned propositions:
We have developed targeted solutions for CEOs,
CIOs, CTOs and CMOs - designed to deliver
clear business outcomes at speed and scale.
Upskilling for the future:
Talent is central to our strategy. We have launched
specialized programs in GenAI development and
productivity tools, alongside multi-skilling initiatives
that offer flexible, future-ready career paths.
Fostering innovation and inclusivity is integral to
our talent development strategy and the following
initiatives illustrate this commitment:
Offerings-led growth:
We are driving growth through differentiated services
tailored to market needs. Our focus is on expanding
high-value offerings that boost margins and client loyalty,
supported by deep expertise in key industry verticals.
Key pillars of our strategic roadmap
Accessibility Hackathon: Identified 100+ digital
accessibility issues, improving user experience
for people with disabilities
Empowering Women in Tech: Through our
PyLadies Budapest mentorship program,
we hosted 15 workshops on data visualization,
machine learning, neural networks and
web development
GENOvation: A 10-day innovation event that
generated 515 breakthrough ideas
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Multi-disciplinary engineering expertise
from chip-to-cloud
AI-led cyber-physical engineering to
deliver shared enterprise outcomes
Global network of high-end labs and CoEs
Engineering talent at scale across technologies
Our differentiators
Achievements
AI and GenAI-powered propositions
The following are a few of our notable achievements in
multi-agentic AI, small language models (SLMs) and
hybrid AI.
We strengthened our focus on exploring multi-agentic AI
systems to deliver complete workflows, manage complex
tasks and ensure operational cohesion across functions
We deployed SLMs in embedded devices for efficient
on-device AI processing in scenarios where latency,
energy efficiency and data privacy are critical concerns,
such as manufacturing, IoT and real-time analytics
We invested in hybrid AI combining technologies like
computer vision, speech analytics and data analytics to
enhance accuracy, context and adaptability in AI solutions
Organizational realignment
In FY25, we invested in re-aligning our organization
structure for a better and quicker response to said and
unsaid customer needs. In addition to separating delivery
and capability teams, we invested in setting up practice
organizations for each of the verticals. The practice
organization s mandate is to enable growth in
solution-led services and to work collaboratively
with GTM teams for sales pursuits.
Innovation leadership
Innovation remains core to ERS. In FY25, we filed over
60 patents, reinforcing our commitment to cutting-edge
R&D and client-centric solutions.
Strategic partnerships
We achieved significant milestones in our partnerships
with Samsung and Intel.
Semiconductors: Strengthened our position through
the Samsung Foundry alliance and Virtual Design
Partner (VDP) qualification
Automotive: Partnered with Intel to co-develop scalable
automotive chips for software-defined vehicles, focusing
on AI-driven design, low-power architectures and
next-gen semiconductor solutions
Strategic acquisition
The acquisition of certain assets from Hewlett Packard
Enterprise s Communications Technology Group
enhanced our telecom market leadership, expanded
our global presence and strengthened our engineering
capabilities. IT helped us establish direct relationships with
global CSPs, including 20 of the top 30. We also gained
a portfolio of service offerings that includes industry-
leading IP, solutions and systems integration across
Business Support Systems (BSS), network applications,
service cloudification and data intelligence.
Analyst recognitions
Received over 50 leadership ratings from top-tier research
and consulting firms, often ranking at the top.
Advanced Automotive Engineering Lab,
Germany (ASAP Group)
MedTech Innovation Lab, Chennai
Corporate Overview

Clients Speak

HCLTech has been a crucial partner in helping us achieve
our goals by demonstrating exceptional technical expertise
and significantly enhancing our equipment through their
expertise in semiconductor technologies. Their domain
expertise and ability to collaborate closely with our internal
teams have contributed to several successful projects.
Overall, HCLTech s reliability, technical knowledge and
proactive support have made them an invaluable extension
of our team at Eugenus. We especially thank the HCLTech
leadership for their dedication and commitment.
Dr. Tejinder Singh, Chief Technology Officer, Eugenus

HCLTech has been a strategic partner, delivering critical
engineering services that have significantly contributed
to Teradyne s success. HCLTech s engineering teams
have been integral to Teradyne s product development,
sustenance and support. Our collaboration has spanned
multiple platforms, including UltraFLEXplus, UltraFLEX,
J750 and ETS. To further strengthen this partnership,
HCLTech has established dedicated Teradyne labs in India,
equipped with Teradyne testers to support training and
product development efforts.
Roy Chorev, Vice President, Semiconductor Test and
Product Development, Teradyne

We have been working with HCLTech for over 20 years
and I must say that their service has been nothing short
of exceptional. The quality of their services is top-notch
and their customer service is always prompt and friendly.
Their meticulous attention to detail and unwavering
commitment to delivering high-quality results are
commendable. They have consistently met our
requirements and adapted to our needs with remarkable
flexibility. I highly recommend HCLTech to anyone looking
for reliable and high-quality services.
Shital R Patel, Vice President, Axcelis Technologies
Analysts Speak

HCLTech s legacy of working with leading R&D
organizations across verticals and its significant
investments in advanced offerings and frameworks make
IT a strong strategic partner for manufacturers looking to
integrate AI/ML/GenAI with PLM to streamline processes
and drive innovation and efficiency.
John Snow, Research Director, IDC
IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Discrete Manufacturing
PLM Systems Integration 2024

Connected Product Engineering Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2024. The company has developed strong
capabilities in semiconductor engineering, embedded
engineering, platform engineering, 5G, sustainability,
AI and generative AI. IT continues to drive growth via
investments in labs, talent, IPs, partnerships and strategic
acquisitions. Clients appreciate HCLTech s technical
expertise, ability to bring innovative ideas to engagements
and end-to-end offerings across the value chain of
connected product engineering services.
Nishant Udupa, Practice Director, Everest Group
Everest Group s Connected Product Engineering Services
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024

HCLTech has been recognized as a Leader in Everest
Group s Software Product Engineering Services
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024. The firm has cemented
its leadership through offerings spanning the entire value
chain, a well-diversified portfolio across verticals, a strong
partner ecosystem and willingness to engage with clients
via non-conventional commercial constructs.
Mayank Maria, Vice President, Everest Group
Everest Group s Software Product Engineering Services
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024
Our Partners
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

GenAI-powered sentiment analyzer
increases game review analysis
accuracy for a global tech major
A US-based global technology major recognized the
potential to enhance its gaming review analysis process
and approached HCLTech to explore AI-powered solutions.
Leveraging the power of GenAI, we delivered a unique
solution that automated data collection, sentiment analysis
and 24/7 operation automation, resulting in a remarkable
reduction in efforts. The implementation improved accuracy,
optimized resources, reduced turnaround time and refined
program-wide complexity.
Our solution facilitated automated data collection from
relevant sources, automatic ticket logging and efficient
report generation. Overall, our AI model achieved 90%
accuracy in no time for categorizing the sentiment severity
(scale of 1 to 5), which helped us further tighten the accuracy.
We also added a Natural language AI explanation on why IT
categorized each bit of sentiment at the given severity.
Case Study
eCommerce platform modernization
for a leading athleisure brand
One of the world s leading athletic apparel companies, based in North America,
decided to move from their decade-old legacy platform to a state-of-the-art,
future-ready commerce platform that would support and drive business growth.
After a thorough evaluation, we selected Commercetools as the platform that
meets future architectural requirements of the client. We helped the client
transition from a monolithic architecture to a composable microservices-
based platform built on Commercetools. We built the platform on cloud-native
architecture for scalability and facilitated the rollout across geographies and
channels without any downtime through fully automated end-to-end delivery
pipelines and Canary-based automated release.
Our thorough business engagement and agile engineering practices delivered
exceptional results for our client. The platform is certified to support 600,000
concurrent users. During peak season, 23% more orders were processed with
zero incidents and the platform is poised to triple the online B2C business
growth for the client. Truly omnichannel experience enhanced sales and
reduced the volume of customer care calls significantly. IT enabled selective
routing of traffic and continuous monitoring for every traffic increase and
accelerated rollout of new features ensuring faster go-to-market.
Case Study
Robotics Lab, Hungary
Corporate Overview

IT and Business Services
Our IT and Business Services (ITBS) segment enables global enterprises to drive
agile, sustainable business transformation that enhances client and employee
experiences. IT is the most significant contributor to HCLTech s overall revenue
mix. ITBS offers a comprehensive suite of digital transformation solutions in
applications, AI, infrastructure, cloud and digital process operations to support
the evolving requirements of global enterprises.
ITBS comprises the following distinct service lines with a multitude of offerings: Digital Business Services (DBS),
Digital Foundation Services (DFS), Digital Process Operations (DPO) and HCLTech Career ShaperTM, the EdTech business.
Digital Business Services
To stay ahead in AI-driven innovation, enterprises must rethink their technology,
operations, skills and culture. HCLTech s Digital Business Services (DBS) help
organizations evolve, turning disruption into an advantage. We build adaptable
platforms, unlock data value and transform operations for sustainable growth.
Our approach challenges and redefines the status quo, delivering great
experiences and measurable value for all stakeholders.
Strategic Roadmap
GenAI and emerging technologies like Agentic AI speed up disruption, rendering traditional
digital transformation services insufficient. Our strategy helps enterprises evolve into autonomous
enterprises that continuously learn, adapt and optimize, enabling them to thrive amid disruptions.
Digital Business
Enterprise transformation advisory
Modern applications
Enterprise applications transformation
Enterprise platforms and edge services
Data and AI
Digital Process Operations
Digital Foundation
Career Shaper Suite
AIOps, Observability
and Unified Service
Management
Hybrid Cloud
Digital academy
Team coaching
Learning programs
Advisory services
Talent assessment
Integrated solutions
Finance and accounting
Supply chain and procurement
Human resource
Sales and marketing ops
Digital customer experience
Digital Workplace
Enterprise Network
Cybersecurity
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Key-tenets of our AI-first enterprise-
building strategy are:
Infusing AI in all offerings: We integrate
AI into every aspect of our portfolio,
to enhance efficiency and create new
business capabilities for our clients.
Investing in new capabilities: Our AI
Force accelerates application service
delivery using GenAI while AI Foundry
enables faster, industry-specific AI
adoption and innovation across the
value chain.
Training and reskilling: We are
dedicated to reskilling our teams
with AI capabilities through continuous
training, ensuring over 90% coverage.
Our programs focus on AI-driven sprint
cycle optimization, role rationalization
and quality improvement through
automated testing.
Innovation: Our 60+ Innovation
Labs and delivery centers provide
environments for enterprises to
collaborate with us in developing AI
and GenAI-driven blueprints. These
centers help enterprises create skilling
roadmaps, enhance efficiencies and
build new business capabilities with
a practical, results-focused approach.
Strategic partnerships: We are
deepening our relationships with
strategic partners, such as SAP,
Microsoft, Pega, Oracle and others,
to help clients explore industry
applications and scale their AI
initiatives. These partnerships are
critical in expanding our clients AI
programs and ensuring they stay
ahead of the curve.
Unique insights on AI for applications: We provide
our clients with unique perspectives on AI s influence
on the application lifecycle, helping them move
beyond incremental gains to achieve long-term
process improvements.
Shifting from Output to Outcome
Product-Aligned Operating Model: A product-aligned
operating model helps organizations turn
AI disruption into strategic advantage.
IT enables seamless collaboration,
informed decision-making and faster
responses to market shifts - driving
value across enterprise.
Impact-oriented programs: By focusing
on the impact that directly drives client
growth and revenue, we ensure that
our initiatives not only generate value
but also provide measurable proof of
success to our clients.
New deal construct: By combining
our product-aligned operating
model with the office of AI, we are
redefining traditional deal structures.
Our engineering excellence approach
promises superior quality and outcomes.
Building AI and GenAI client success
stories: Our client success stories
highlighting the real-world impact
of AI Force and GenAI solutions
demonstrate measurable business
improvements and long-term value.
Early adopter mindset: We apply an
early adopter approach to internal
initiatives - shifting from transactional
output delivery to transformative,
experience-led outcomes that last
and are measurable.
Seamless Total Experience integration
Agentic AI is breaking down the silos
between employee, customer and user
experience layers. This shift drives the
need for a Total Experience strategy.
By integrating these interconnected
layers, we empower clients to deliver a
seamless, unified experience, boosting
satisfaction for all stakeholders.
By embedding GenAI across all aspects of our business
- from operations to development and testing - we
empower organizations to optimize processes, enhance
efficiency and unlock new opportunities for real-time
innovation. This strategic shift enables organizations
to make autonomous decisions, adapt and continuously
optimize, ensuring long-term success in an AI-led world.
We are committed to strengthening our capabilities in
emerging technologies such as Agentic AI, reimagining
core business processes and fostering continuous
skill transformation.
Infusing AI in
all offerings
Investing in
new capabilities
Key tenets of our
Strategy
AI-first
enterprise-building
Training and
reskilling
Innovation
Strategic
partnerships
Unique insights on
AI for applications
500+
Global enterprises
that trust us for their
Digital Transformation
programs
Partners driving
breakthroughs through
collaboration with
HCLTech
Global awards from
our partners, industry
associations and
analyst community
Corporate Overview

Accelerating Fonterra s cloud migration
Fonterra Co-operative Group, New Zealand s largest company,
needed to migrate its Oracle-based systems to the cloud without
disrupting regular business operations. This complex task involved
addressing changing business requirements, legacy technical debt,
cyber compliance and performance improvement.
We successfully migrated on-prem applications, including Oracle
JD Edwards, Oracle Hyperion, Oracle WebLogic, Oracle databases
and various Oracle custom applications (APEX) to Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure (OCI). We implemented a Zero-Trust security model
for OCI and a Hub and Spoke model to manage network resources
efficiently, enhance security and facilitate connectivity in a hybrid
and multicloud environment. Additionally, a roadmap was created for
migrating Fonterra s HR applications to OCI while modernizing them to
meet current and future business needs. Several custom applications
were re-prioritized and re-classified as critical, requiring changes to
the application architecture for high availability and disaster recovery.
These initiatives helped Fonterra achieve a 30% faster performance
over on-prem data centers and a 60% reduction in Time to Recovery
(TRO) for database recovery during crises. Fonterra s IT team can
also focus on developing new applications, exploring emerging
technologies and improving processes.
FY25 Initiatives
Throughout FY25, we introduced various innovative
solutions, IPs, frameworks and partnerships.
In Q1, we unveiled AI Foundry, an initiative poised to elevate
AI effectiveness throughout enterprise value chains.
In Q2, we amplified our standing with powerful alliances
and product launches, such as our collaboration with
Denodo and AWS, the introduction of a suite of Salesforce-
based solutions to unfold GenAI capabilities and the
enhancement of HCLTech iMRO/4 on SAP S/4HANA Cloud.
In Q3, we enabled high-speed, low-touch migration to the
latest version of Blue Yonder Warehouse Management with
Advantage SPADE, our platform for application and digital
enterprise transformation. We also launched our AI and
Cloud Native Lab with SAP in Munich, Germany.
Q4 of FY25 saw expanded partnerships, like the one
with Microsoft, to transform contact centers with GenAI
and cloud-based solutions. HCLTech and Salesforce are
partnering to bring Agentic AI to PenFed Credit Union,
America s second-largest federal credit union, accelerating
its journey toward enhanced member engagement and
operational efficiency.

Working collaboratively with
HCLTech to get key resources and
insight to best practices, particularly
around APEX and JDE, was ultimately
the key to success and strengthens
our ongoing partnership.
Andrew Faid, Head of Cloud
Business Office, Fonterra
Case Study
Collaborative conversations with clients and partners
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Enhancing efficiency and customer
experience for C.H. Robinson
C.H. Robinson, one of the world s largest logistics platforms,
needed a central repository to collect and catalog each
customer s needs and related solutions. Seeking to streamline
several separate systems, the company selected HCLTech to
implement Microsoft Dynamics 365 Sales, including Power Apps
and Power BI solutions. HCLTech built a Power Apps tool within
Dynamics that works as a standalone app, allowing salespeople
to focus entirely on the customer while collecting data vital to
developing tailored solutions. To ensure this data is useful, the
team developed a Power BI report called Wallet Share, which
presents the information meaningfully and actionably. We also
trained approximately 70 C.H. Robinson employees, mainly
members of the leadership team, to promote user adoption.
The impact of these solutions included a significant reduction
in time spent searching for leads, achieving ROI breakeven in
11 months (against a target of 18 months), 500 daily launches
of the Wallet Share app and 14,000 qualification activities in
just the first six months.

When I look across this broad
relationship with Microsoft and
HCLTech - and all the things we re
thinking about, the future of the
cloud, the future of AI, the things
that we can pull back into Dynamics -
these are going to change the lives of
our sales force and make us a better
company to sell for and a better
company to buy from.
Chris O Brien, Chief Operating Officer,
C.H. Robinson
Client Speak
PenFed is collaborating with HCLTech and Salesforce
to bring a next-generation, AI-powered agent experience
to our members and employees, enhancing service and
support like never before.
Atif Munir, Chief Technology Officer,
PenFed Credit Union
Analysts Speak

HCLTech is a great choice for customers looking
for heavy frameworks, assets and industry solutions
for Oracle Cloud implementations, OCI work and
high-caliber strategy, future capability mapping
and roadmap creation.
Akshara Naik Lopez, Senior Analyst, Forrester
The Forrester Wave Oracle Services, Q1 2025
HCLTech has a very long history in the SAP
implementation services marketplace, but IT does not
rest on that reputation alone. IT is doing leading edge
digital transformations using RISE with SAP. HCLTech
is well positioned to deliver business outcomes for
client s involving all of SAP s offerings.
Gard Little, Vice President, Research, IDC
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide SAP Implementation
Services 2025 Vendor Assessment

While HCLTech is continuing to strategically enhance
its presence in asset and wealth management, investment
banking and brokerage sectors, they are also expanding in
areas such as market intermediaries and custody services.
Kriti Seth, Practice Director, Everest Group
Capital Markets IT Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2024
Case Study
Corporate Overview

HCLTech is well-aligned with the A&D sector s focus on
efficiency and cost optimization by offering end-to-end
services across product design, manufacturing and
MRO operations. HCLTech s experience in delivering
ITAR-compliant projects across the US further strengthens
its position in the defense sector, ensuring compliance
with stringent regulatory requirements while providing
mission-critical services. These initiatives reinforce
HCLTech s commitment to supporting A&D enterprises to
enhance operational resilience and maintain compliance,
securing its position as a Leader in Avasant s Aerospace
and Defense Digital Services 2024 RadarView .
Jyotika Jain, Senior Analyst, Avasant
Aerospace and Defense Digital Services 2024 RadarView

Application Management Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2025, backed by its robust frameworks
such as ASM 2.0 and FENIX 2.0, along with branded
assets such as DRYiCE, iONA SmartOps Platform and
AppScan. Enterprise clients appreciate HCLTech for its
high-quality resources and flexible approach to project
management, strengthening its role as a strategic ally
in their AMS journeys.
Ankit Gupta, Practice Director at Everest Group
Application Management Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2025
Partners Speak

AI is revolutionizing industries faster than ever before and
the HCLTech Lab for SAP Business AI in Munich is helping
customers keep pace with this transformation s speed.
The AI Lab offers them an immersive space to explore and
harness the potential of SAP Business AI. Together with
HCLTech, we re not just adapting to change - we re setting
new industry benchmarks and enabling our customers to
achieve their boldest ambitions.
Thomas Saueressig, Executive Board Member, SAP SE
Oracle s partner ecosystem is critical to our customers
success. HCLTech s achievement of Oracle Cloud Managed
Service Provider status highlights the strength of our
partnership and HCLTech s ability to deliver results through
advanced technologies and innovation. Their expertise in
cloud transformation, deployment and managed services
is crucial in advancing our shared vision for client success.
Lalit Malik, Group Vice President, Alliances and Channels,
Oracle Asia Pacific

Attaining Global Elite status demonstrates
HCLTech s commitment to and depth of knowledge
of Pega s technology and best practices. HCLTech is
well-positioned to apply the latest Pega technologies
to drive innovative and transformative client outcomes.
Judy Buchholz, Senior Vice President of Global Partner
Ecosystems, Pega

At Blue Yonder, our commitment to delivering world-class
warehouse management drives us to enhance our
offerings continuously. HCLTech Advantage SPADE is
a powerful catalyst in our customers journey, automating
their transition from older warehouse management
versions to our latest solution. This enables our customers
to unlock greater operational efficiency and maintain
a competitive edge.
Logan Kluth, Vice President, Product Management,
Blue Yonder
Our Partners
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Digital Foundation Services
Digital Foundation Services (DFS) forms the cornerstone of digital
transformation journeys, providing next-gen AI and hyperautomation-led
infrastructure services and digital solutions. These solutions focus on hybrid
and multicloud, digital workplace, next-gen networks, cybersecurity, governance,
risk and compliance (GRC) and unified service management.
Strategic Roadmap
In FY25, Digital Foundation Services (DFS) enhanced
service delivery using hyperautomation, AI and GenAI
across the client base. DFS introduced the Agentic Tech
platform, which uses multiple AI agents to improve
IT operations, such as CloudOps, NetworkOps, ITSM,
DatabaseOps and DC Ops. This platform automates
complex, repetitive tasks requiring advanced
decision-making, reducing manual work in incident
triaging, resolution and service requests.
Our partnership focus has led to HCLTech being
recognized as a strategic partner for multiple OEMs
and hyperscalers. We are helping tech leaders implement
modern infrastructure solutions for their customers.
Market momentum is fueled by growth in managed
services for cloud and edge environments, infrastructure
technology consulting and security services. Adopting
and developing AI and GenAI technologies drives
innovation and enables advanced solutions. As businesses
reassess their IT budgets and prioritize essential services,
cybersecurity and supply chain security have emerged
as critical focus areas. Core services will benefit from
large cost-out deals, renewals and churns in traditional
providers, while new investments and change-led projects
will drive growth in services spending.
Going forward, we will continue to develop market-leading
solutions and offerings that set new industry standards.
Our strategy includes establishing HCLTech AI Force as
the baseline for all Digital Foundation Services in FY26,
ensuring our services are cutting-edge and aligned with
the latest technology.
We plan to enhance the AI Force Agentic Tech platform
with Service Level Management (SLM) for IT operations,
delivering a more efficient and effective platform.
The platform will introduce advanced AI agents with
reasoning and deep research capabilities to handle
complex tasks and provide more accurate solutions.
These AI agents will integrate seamlessly with SLM,
automate high-value repetitive tasks and offer real-time
remediation and proactive resource management.
We will collaborate with ecosystem partners and tech
OEMs to develop next-generation market propositions
that address emerging needs and opportunities.
We will also accelerate our momentum in cybersecurity
and next-generation network services, ensuring robust
and secure solutions for our clients in an increasingly
digital world.
Key
Highlights
Recognized as a Leader in all Gartner Magic
Quadrants for DFS in 2024, including key
categories such as Public Cloud IT Transformation
Services, Hybrid Infrastructure Managed Services
and Outsourced Digital Workplace Services.
160+ application migrations
completed in 18 months,
with no critical incidents
and zero disruption to
business operations.
FY25 Initiatives
DFS has enhanced AI and cloud solutions through
various initiatives this fiscal year.
We launched Cognitive Infrastructure Services to
enhance AI and GenAI capabilities by providing a
resilient, agile and scalable digital foundation. These
services include consulting, assessment, building and
managing AI workloads across private, hybrid and
multicloud environments. We aim to accelerate GenAI
adoption and optimize IT infrastructure while ensuring
responsible and ethical AI practices.
In collaboration with ServiceNow, we launched
AI Labs in Noida and London to help clients pilot and
scale innovative AI solutions across their workplaces.
The labs feature proprietary assets like HCLTech s
AI Force and AI Foundry, along with accelerators and
frameworks tailored for the ServiceNow platform,
such as ValueNow for GenAI readiness assessment,
ComplyNow for security and risk identification and
AchieveNow for optimizing GenAI value and
outcomes. We are an elite ServiceNow partner
with over 13 years of collaboration, co-creating
Corporate Overview

We are the only service provider rated as a Leader
in all Gartner Magic Quadrants for DFS.
Refer to the Awards and Recognition section for more details
industry-specific solutions and joint go-to-market
initiatives. With a team of over 3,000 ServiceNow-
certified professionals, we have completed more
than 1,100 ServiceNow implementations.
In partnership with Google Cloud, HCLTech offers
AI-driven Universal Managed Detection and Response
(UMDR) solutions, leveraging the Fusion Platform and
Google Cloud Security for advanced threat detection
and response.
The Private AI on VMware offering allows organizations
to manage AI models on a shared hybrid infrastructure,
enhancing security and reducing costs.
SmartPaaS, powered by Red Hat OpenShift, bridges
virtual machines and containerized applications for
infrastructure modernization.
Enabling cloud migration
for Unilever
In one of the largest cloud migrations in the
consumer goods industry s history, HCLTech
facilitated Unilever s vision to become a cloud-only
enterprise and an innovative leader in sustainable
business within 18 months. HCLTech executed the
migration to the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) while
supporting other key migrations to MS Azure as part
of Unilever s multicloud strategy. The project involved
over 160 application migrations, utilizing the distinct
advantages of cloud service providers in line with
HCLTech s CloudSMART framework and solutions.

We are already seeing the immediate benefits
from a faster, more scalable, on-demand compute.
However, operating in the cloud is not just a source
of efficient IT and dramatically increased speed.
Cloud is the enabler for adopting a new, future-fit
and customer-centric cloud operating model, which
demands the upskilling of our people in the latest
technology trends. This combination is the real
unlock to generating competitive advantage and
driving value to the business
Phill Parr, Director, Cloud Platform Services, Unilever
The impact of these solutions was profound. The migrations were completed in
just 18 months without any critical incidents or disruption to business operations.
This transformation resulted in improved operational efficiency, significantly
reduced costs and a dynamic, future-fit estate primed for future modernization.
As a cloud-only enterprise, Unilever can now drive innovation across its business,
become data-driven and provide real-time responses to market demands,
gaining a competitive edge.
End-to-end managed
services for a leading
German bank
Mainframe as a
Service for one of
the world s largest
retail groups
Vendor consolidation
for an F100 US
insurance firm
Managed
network services
transformation
for the world s
largest telco
Case Study
HCLTech has signed multiple transformational deals in
FY25, with Digital Foundation Services (DFS) responsible
for operations and transformation across Hybrid Cloud,
Digital Workplace, NextGen Networks and Cybersecurity.
Some of these deal wins include:
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Clients Speak

Working with a company that values innovation
and embraces technology will help us accelerate
our modernization efforts, including application
maintenance for enterprise applications, cloud
migration of business applications and support for
several other initiatives critical to our business processes.
With HCLTech, we can streamline our services and delivery
operations to enhance our agility and ability to support
transformational initiatives.
Ehren D. Powell, Chief Digital Officer,
Marathon Petroleum Corporation

We couldn t have asked for a better technology and digital
transformation partner. We engaged HCLTech for a Cloud
feasibility assessment. From the outset, their team clearly
understood our unique business needs. They meticulously
analyzed our existing infrastructure, provided detailed
insights and highlighted opportunities for optimization.
Their assessment was comprehensive yet easy to
understand, featuring practical recommendations tailored
to our goals. The professionalism and responsiveness of
the HCLTech team made the entire process seamless.
Terri Zurek, Director, IT Employee and Enterprise Systems,
United Airlines

Following an extensive competitive public tender
exercise in which HCLTech UK Ltd emerged as the
successful winning proposal, the Central Bank of Ireland
has now signed a seven-year contract with HCLTech UK
with options to extend for up to three years, for Data
Centre Managed Services. The Central Bank of Ireland and
HCLTech have successfully transitioned from the previous
incumbent to HCLTech. We look forward to working with
HCLTech to mature our new services and develop
a strong partnership.
Eoin McDermott, Head of Division, IT Strategic Change,
Programme Delivery and Software Engineering,
Central Bank of Ireland

At apoBank, we welcome the expansion of our
partnership with HCLTech. In addition to world-class
capabilities in IT infrastructure and cloud-managed
services, HCLTech has extensive Avaloq expertise and
a deep understanding of apoBank. This makes HCLTech
the ideal partner for apoBank.
Thomas Runge, COO and Member of the Executive Board,
apoBank
Analyst Speak

HCLTech is a leader in transforming network environments
through comprehensive consulting and execution support.
Its proprietary PEAR methodology, which encompasses
prework, exploration, analysis and recommendations,
coupled with robust training and advanced network
innovation labs, ensures effective execution and technical
excellence. With extensive OEM partnerships, HCLTech
delivers tailored, cutting-edge solutions that combine
innovation with cost efficiency.
Yash Jethani, Lead Analyst, ISG
ISG Provider Lens Network- Software Defined
Solutions and Services - U.K. 2024 for Managed
SD-WAN Services, SDN Transformation Services
(Consulting and Implementation), Edge Technologies
and Services (including Private 5G) and Secure Access
Service Edge (SASE)
Our Partners
Authorized
Reseller
Corporate Overview

Digital Process Operations
Digital Process Operations (DPO) leverages AI to reimagine business
processes across the client value chain. We provide clients with
next-generation operating models that sustain new levels of speed,
agility, efficiency and transformation through deep domain expertise,
engineering, AI capabilities and best-in-breed partner ecosystem.
Strategic Roadmap
DPO employs AI to modernize end-to-end operations,
enhance deep decisioning, provide a user-friendly
experience to boost customer satisfaction and
unlock capital to amplify business outcomes.
Our integrated, technology-led digital operations
model reimagines clients operations across three
broad digital stacks:
Digital Workforce: digitalCOLLEAGUE (dC) platform
fosters intelligent and autonomous business operations
by combining Agentic AI with skilled professionals.
IT utilizes AI to develop pre-configured autonomous
AI agents that can analyze data, set goals and act with
minimal human supervision. These agents possess
decision-making and dynamic problem-solving abilities,
continually learning and improving through each
interaction to establish an efficient digital workforce.
Digital Process: DPO deploys functional Business
AI solutions preconfigured into the enterprise value
chain across finance and administration, supply
chain, procurement, customer service, marketing and
human resources. Our AI-powered ReOPS framework
drives transformation and re-engineering in business
processes through data-driven approach. Our three-
lever BPM approach and AI tools help create digital
target operating models and leverage comprehensive
process blueprints for efficient process discovery and
orchestration.
Digital Technology: DPO utilizes AI technologies,
including large language models (LLMs), machine
learning, text AI, conversational AI and enterprise
automation to automate complex tasks and boost
productivity. Our preconfigured, replicable and
scalable point solutions/accelerators drive intelligent
and self-evolving business processes enhancing
efficiency, agility and innovation.
Building on our strong growth over the years, we will focus
on the following in FY26:
Develop a business AI suite of solutions focusing
on autonomous operations for enterprises to drive
intelligent and self-evolving business processes.
We will continue to invest in new-age technologies
such as Agentic AI, knowledge graphs, cloud and
platform-based services and train our employees
in these new technologies.
Continue to build on a smart ecosystem of strategic
partners offering new-age and niche capabilities
across enterprises for AI led digital transformation.
Continue creating custom target operating models
and engagement constructs, balancing cost, control,
flexibility and risk. We have executed varied
engagement constructs ranging from joint venture,
carve-out, build-operate-transfer, assisted captive
and co-sourcing models in vested contracts for
higher skin-in-the-game to deliver financial
and business outcomes.
FY25 Highlights
FY25 saw DPO perform well across sales, services and
delivery functions. DPO became a strategic partner of
choice, signing large transformational deals with leading
global enterprises across industries. In addition to new
engagements, we also expanded our existing relationships.
Our focus on autonomous business processes, supported
by AI, industrialized services, innovative engagement
models and a skin-in-the-game approach resulted in
strategic partnerships that delivered long-term value
to our clients. In one such engagement, HCLTech set
up a global Center of Excellence (CoE) for a leading
software company, enabling joint GTM and deal
support for their global cloud sales in a managed
services model, enhancing booking and deal win
rates. In another engagement, HCLTech transformed a
leading manufacturing company s end-to-end spend
management process, managing indirect spend across
all product categories as part of the overall organizational
procurement strategy.
DPO made significant advances in the Business AI suite
of offerings (refer to the Intellectual Capital section for
more details). Our AI strategy focuses on value engineering
principles and full-stack, end-to-end, domain-led
Business AI offerings. Our AI Center of Excellence
focuses on creating intelligent and autonomous business
operations by developing replicable in-house productized
accelerators and scalable functional bespoke solutions
across various domains, utilizing agentic technologies, our
IPs and best-in-class third-party products. Our responsible
AI framework defines the structures and principles for
ethical AI practices across all customer engagements.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Through agentic AI solutions, we transformed
sales operations and made the invoice tax
process more compliant for a leading piping
manufacturing company
We automated the entire payor/claims management
lifecycle for a leading US-based payor organization
With state-of-the-art delivery centers across the US, Europe, Latin America, India and Asia Pacific,
DPO provides clients with the best rightshore delivery model. All this helped us deliver profitable
growth, industry-leading CSAT and multiple analyst and industry recognitions.
Leadership ratings across 20+
benchmarks (In different studies by
leading research and consulting firms)
ISG Star of Excellence
Universal BPO award
Boosting customer experience
for Cynergy Bank through AI
Cynergy Bank is a leading European bank that
partnered with HCLTech to transform its customer
service ecosystem. The client needed to address
multiple challenges such as scattered knowledge
bases, manual processes, ineffective CRM usage,
limiting customer insights and inadequate system
integration between front-office and back-office.
We helped the client streamline contact center
and back-office workflows with AI, automation
and cloud. As a result, Cynergy Bank was able to
reduce customer complaints by more than 50%,
enhance FTE optimization by 8% and improve
overall customer experience scores by 25%.

At Cynergy Bank, we believe in a
human-digital approach. So, for us, IT is very
much about marrying technology with the people
who serve our customers and HCLTech has been
a true partner in this journey. Not only do they help
us by actually bringing those people to the table
to serve our customers, but they also provide the
technology behind them that can supercharge
that relationship. This means that our customers
get the best possible experience by bringing
together technology and the right people
to up-service their needs.
Sharon Maguire, Chief Operating Officer
and Chief Product Officer, Cynergy Bank
HCLTech leveraged its deep capabilities in Salesforce
for case management, Amazon Cloud for voice biometrics
and speech analytics and GenAI for real-time agent support
to deliver a comprehensive solution. The core areas of impact include:
Process digitization: Reskilled FTEs, optimized Salesforce workflows,
automated tasks
AI and cloud integration: Amazon Connect, GenAI Agent Assist
Omnichannel enablement: Virtual bankers, callback management,
AI-powered QA and chatbot readiness
Intelligent insights: QuickSight dashboards, sentiment analysis
via Amazon services
Case Study
Key Highlights
Business AI-led industry-focused
replicable solutions and proprietary
accelerators suite
We implemented Azure OpenAI-based services and
Copilot Studio to transform disputes and chargeback
processes for a leading European bank
We automated sales order management
and transformed promotion handling through
Agentic AI solutions for a leading Swiss retailer
Examples of digital transformation of clients, including AI solutions:
Corporate Overview

Partners Speak
We are thrilled to be the Responsible AI partner of
HCLTech. We are working closely with HCLTech to help
customers safely build and deploy AI in their business
workflows. The help and support we have got from
HCLTech s leadership, development, pre-sales, delivery
and marketing teams is phenomenal and we can t wait
to see how HCLTech and Inspeq will enable more and
more Agentic AI development in 2025 and beyond!
Apoorva Kumar, Co-founder and CEO, Inspeq AI
Analysts Speak

In the rapidly evolving banking sector, driven by customer
demand for security and personalization, banks are
integrating automation and generative AI to enhance
operations, customer interactions and fraud prevention.
HCLTech meets these demands with comprehensive
banking services, utilizing AI and analytics to enhance
operations and customer experience. Its proficiency
in risk and compliance, combined with platforms like
digitalCOLLEAGUE for employee productivity, Toscana
for automation and AI tools like iKNOW and iGenie,
empowers IT to strengthen data security and facilitate
cost and productivity gains for its clients.
Its continued expansion in Europe and North America,
along with acquisitions and strategic partnerships to
enhance its wealth management and financial crime
solutions, has earned HCLTech recognition as a leader
in Avasant s Banking Process Transformation 2024
RadarView .
Surya Teja Baddila, Senior Analyst, Avasant
Banking Process Transformation 2024 RadarView

As the lending operations market faces the challenges
of a volatile economic environment and shifting
demographics, enterprises are increasingly seeking
innovative and digital solutions to optimize their
operations, HCLTech has made strategic investments
in digitalCOLLEAGUE, LoanLogics, Mozaiq, Extracto and
other initiatives. Its expertise in lending, combined with
a diversified presence across retail, commercial, student
and automotive lending operations, has helped them
achieve a Leader position in Everest Group s Lending
Services Operations PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024.
Sahil Chaudhary, Practice Director, Everest Group
Lending Services Operations PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024

HCLTech leverages its OTC 360 platform to optimize
Order-to-Cash (O2C) processes. Its solutions like
dC.Toscana and dC.Operations Command Center, drive
efficiency across Record-to-Report (R2R), Procure-to-Pay
(P2P) and Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) functions.
Its strong domain ecosystem, bolstered by strategic
partnerships with UiPath, HighRadius, BlackLine and
Microsoft enables enhanced automation, analytics and
process optimization. Additionally, HCLTech has invested
in Gen AI-powered solutions, including dC.iKnow and
dC.iGenie, while expanding its AI research footprint with
over 60 AI labs worldwide.
With its domain expertise, proprietary technology and
commitment to innovation, HCLTech is recognized as
a Leader in Avasant s Finance & Accounting Business
Process Transformation 2024-2025 RadarView .
Haril Sadhu, Senior Research Analyst, Avasant
F&A Business Process Transformation 2024-2025 RadarView

Offering a comprehensive suite of sales services -
including inside sales, contract management, account
management, sales enablement and sales operations -
and leveraging its skilled talent pool, robust partnership
ecosystem and strong suite of proprietary solutions,
B2B Sales Services PEAK Matrix 2024.
Divya Baweja, Practice Director, Everest Group
B2B Sales Services PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024
Our Partners
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Career Shaper
HCLTech EdTech, powered by its Career Shaper platform, continues
to lead global talent transformation through AI-driven skilling programs,
industry collaborations and strategic partnerships. We prioritize AI, data and
cybersecurity skilling programs to ensure professionals are well-prepared for
the rapidly evolving digital landscape.
FY25 Achievements
Strategic partnerships
with Microsoft and
Redington to power
learning centers of
excellence (CoE)
in AI, Data and
Cybersecurity
Launched India s first
learning platform
for outcome-based
education (OBE),
powered by Career
Shaper
Over 100,000
learners impacted
globally
HCLTech and PERKESO
(Malaysia s Social
Security Organization
that supports
employment and
upskilling) to skill
5,000 Malaysians
over next 12 months
Key Initiatives
Strengthened industry-academia collaboration:
To bridge the skills gap, we have expanded our
partnerships with over 30 universities, fostering stronger
industry-academia collaboration.
- HCLTech-Avantika University Center of Excellence in
Dec 2024 - Focused on AI and engineering innovation
- Partnership with ASAP Kerala - Providing industry
projects and job-readiness programs for Kerala s youth
- Sri Vishnu Educational Society partnership - Delivering
digital academies and industry projects
- Vinayaka Mission s Research Foundation alliance -
Equipping students with future-ready digital skills
- ICT Academy partnership - Establishing centers of
excellence and skilling
Driving workforce transformation at scale:
We introduced the HCLTech-NSDC Industry
Internship program to equip students with hands-on
learning. Our strategic collaboration with SAP India
empowers technology professionals in the consulting,
IT and engineering sectors to bolster their expertise. We
have also established alliances with state-level skills
missions across India to skill 75,000+ youth for industry-
aligned occupations.
Expanding global footprint: Career Shaper continues
to strengthen its international presence through
key initiatives:
- Launched Tekno Impak in Malaysia in January 2025,
a premier AI, Data Science and Cyber Learning Hub
- Partnered with BSI Learning in Australia in October
2024, offering cybersecurity certifications to Indian
and Australian students
- Partnered with the Digital Ministry of Uzbekistan
in November 2024 to advance AI, cybersecurity
and workforce skills indexing
- Partnered with Precept, a leadership development
organization in Africa, to enhance IT skills across Africa
HCLTech Career Shaper Tekno Impak facility
in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Corporate Overview

Driving digital transformation through
upskilling for a German engineering firm
Building IT talent pool for
a major Middle East nation
A government entity in the Middle East partnered with HCLTech to identify,
select and train graduates for tech operations. The focus was on ensuring
these graduates had the necessary skills and certifications as well as building
a roadmap for their professional journey. HCLTech designed a comprehensive
skilling program to enhance technical and operational skills across IT engineering,
application development, programming and analysis. Internships in Europe and
the US gave the learners valuable global exposure to the IT ecosystem. A training
academy was established with a dedicated team to ensure skilling effectiveness
and efficiencies. We delivered 14,400 hours of learning over 12 months in three
phases, achieving an LSAT score of 4.8/5 and 100% conversion of interns to
full-time employees.
Case Study
Case Study
A major German engineering firm sought to train
thousands of new engineering hires for digital
roles across diverse sectors. They needed a partner
capable of skilling learners in batches with rapid
turnaround times while ensuring high learning
quality, upholding the company s reputation
and aligning training with business objectives.
We developed a white-labeled enterprise academy
on the customer s cloud with an IP-protected
Content Management System to provide skilling
across domains, hands-on projects and detailed
reporting. The program covered embedded software,
IT software and electronics hardware across multiple
phases. Domain-infused capstone projects and
hands-on exercises with virtual labs ensured practical
job readiness in a squad-based project execution
model. Regular persona-based reporting and
active data-driven governance supported informed
decision-making and platform optimization.
Our implementation saw 100% schedule adherence
with zero platform downtime, cross-training staff
across engineering and digital domains, achieving
high learner satisfaction (LSAT score of 4.7/5) and
customer satisfaction (CSAT score of 4.3/5).
about Career Shaper
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

HCLSoftware
HCLSoftware is one of the largest enterprise software product businesses
headquartered out of Asia, built on a rich legacy of product heritage, innovation
and engineering excellence of HCLTech. Our mission is to create sustainable
value for our customers, partners and communities through cutting-edge
products and solutions.
Strategic Roadmap
To ensure the alignment with how the market consumes
software, HCLSoftware has strategically unified its product
portfolio under XDO (Xperience, Data and Operations)
go-to-market approach to deliver integrated, intelligent
and human-centric solutions across industries.
XDO empowers our clients to reimagine business
models by creating seamless experiences, unlocking
the full potential of data and driving adaptive
operations through Agentic AI and automation.
Here s how our offerings align with the XDO dimensions and their intersections:
Redefining Xperience
Crafting connected,
intelligent interactions
Reimagining Data
Fueling intelligence
through contextual insights
Reinventing Operations
Securing and scaling
enterprise foundations
Redefining Xperience - Crafting connected, intelligent
interactions: At the heart of experience lies engagement
for customers, employees and ecosystems. Our Xperience
suite focuses on intelligent personalization, omnichannel
journeys and platform-driven innovation. HCL Unica+
is modern AI-powered marketing automation for
personalized campaigns on a scale.
HCL TX platform enables seamless digital experiences
across touchpoints with low-code composability.
Packaged Business Capabilities (PBCs) provide tailored
micro-experiences embedded with AI to drive agility
and responsiveness. Together, these harmonize customer
and employee journeys - driving satisfaction, retention
and loyalty.
Reimagining Data - Fueling intelligence through
contextual insights: In an insight-driven world, data
is gold. Our Data solutions are engineered for intelligence
at scale- ingesting, managing and activating data securely
and efficiently. Actian Data Intelligence (including Zeenea)
delivers unified data management, discovery and
real-time analytics.
AI-ON Workbench provides an enterprise-grade platform
to develop, train and deploy domain-specific GenAI
models. These offerings power actionable insights
and responsible AI usage, turning data into value.
Reinventing Operations - Securing and scaling enterprise
foundations: Operational resilience is non-negotiable.
Our Operations solutions are built for autonomous, secure
and scalable enterprise operations. HCL BigFix AEM &
IO/SX & AEX provide unified endpoint management and
remediation across IT/OT landscapes. HCL Hive & IEM
supports intelligent event management to orchestrate
real-time responses across systems. AppScan on Cloud
helps with continuous application security testing for
DevSecOps integration. HCL Workload Automation
(HWA) seamlessly automates hybrid workloads with smart
scheduling and monitoring. These capabilities improve
uptime, reduce risk and drive IT and business alignment.
Data Intelligence (Intersection of Xperience and Data)
UNO Agentic - Our next-gen Agentic AI platform that
synthesizes behavioral signals and data intelligence to
co-create context-aware digital experiences. IT empowers
self-evolving systems that adapt in real time to user intent.
Xperience Orchestration (Intersection of Xperience and
Operations): HCL Foundry - A robust orchestration fabric
that connects AI-infused PBCs, experience platforms
and operational systems driving agility across business
processes and customer journeys.
Process & Data Orchestration (Intersection of Data and
Operations): UNO Orchestrator - A scalable orchestration
engine that bridges data pipelines, workflows and
AI decision systems, optimizing process intelligence
and automation.
Ecosystem - The power of convergence: At the trisection
of Xperience, Data and Operations lies our ecosystem-
centric approach where innovation flourishes and systems
thrive in concert. This unified ecosystem is enhanced by
GenAI and Agentic AI integrations across the portfolio,
ensuring continuous learning, adaptation and evolution.
Corporate Overview

Executing our Strategic Priorities
Our three-year roadmap is structured around
the following strategic priorities:
Customer Empathy - Delivering value at scale
Our newly built customer success organization works
across our 7,000+ customers globally to ensure a high
product adoption and high value realization across
industries, contributing to best-in-class renewal
and retention rates.
Segmented Growth Focus
HCLSoftware has created differentiated offerings
and approaches to serve customers according to their
segment needs and business goals. We also serve 150+
high-priority global customers directly, tailoring value
delivery with focused, white-glove engagement.
Agentic AI and Platform Innovation
HCLSoftware s flagship products, such as BigFix, Unica
and AppScan, now feature advanced AI functionalities
tailored to specific workflows. The UNO platform offers
over 27 prebuilt AI agents for intelligent automation,
proactive operations and guided decision-making.
Build, Buy, Ally Expansion
We are aligning our growth strategy around the
Build-Buy-Ally model, where we are not only focusing
on building products internally, but also acquiring external
expertise and forming new strategic partnerships to ensure
we retain our competitive advantage while adapting to
changing customer needs.
We have continued to expand our product capabilities
through strategic partnerships and investments, including
several partnership announcements throughout the year.
In FY25, we acquired Zeenea and Base22 IP to bolster
our Data & Analytics and Total Experience capabilities,
respectively.
Frugal Innovation
At HCLSoftware, we consciously and consistently
ensure that we are frugal in our R&D approach. This
helps us provide the best value for our customers while
also ensuring profitable growth that ensures continuous
investment in our products.
Partner-first Ecosystem
Our 1,100+ channel and GSI partners fuel global reach.
We empower our partners as a part of our partner-first
strategy to ensure they bring diverse value to the table
and share our ethos on customer success. Programs like
the Emerging Distributor Program and new partner portals
streamline onboarding and joint success.
Key Highlights
10k+ organizations
served globally via
direct sales and
partner network
Vast partner
network with over
1,100+ partners
across 100+ countries
50%+ of the Fortune
1000 and Global
2000 companies
are HCLSoftware
customers
Rated Leader in
multiple enterprise
software markets by
top analyst firms
Ashwini Vaishnaw (R), India s Minister for Electronics & IT,
and HCLTech Chairperson Roshni Nadar Malhotra at the
HCLSoftware pavilion at WEF 2025
Americas Business Partner Summit, Miami
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Powering STIHL migration
with HCL Workload Automation
Andreas Stihl AG & Co. KG (STIHL), a German manufacturer
of chainsaws and other power tools, is setting new standards
in optimizing its mission-critical processes. STIHL sought to
merge its IT systems into a consistent enterprise scheduler
to significantly enhance efficiency and precision, especially
in critical areas such as production, logistics and human
resources. Managing approximately 200,000 job executions
daily within a multifaceted SAP landscape, with the potential
to expand from 35 to 70 systems, and the need for real-time
data supply across global production companies, posed
significant operational complexity.

With HCL Workload Automation, we have
created a future-proof platform that not
only boosts our productivity but also allows
us to respond flexibly to market demands.
Lisa Kapanke, Service Manager,
IT Base Infrastructure Services, STIHL
After a comprehensive selection process, STIHL opted for HCL Workload
Automation due to its high fail-safety, deep SAP integration and flexible
licensing model. The cloud-native nature of the solution ensures future-proofing
while offering on-prem compatibility with STIHL s existing infrastructure. The
migration was carried out via a wave-based approach to manage the complexity
of the transition and ensure minimal interruptions and maximum efficiency.
The platform enhanced efficiency across all mission-critical areas, laying the
foundation for future growth with cloud readiness. Other key outcomes include
achieving a single pane of glass with HCL Workload Automation, leading to
increased operational efficiency.
Driving ACC data governance
with Zeenea Data Catalog
Advanced Cell Components (ACC), a fast-growing
European battery cell manufacturer, faced a major
data governance challenge due to a rapid growth
in structured and unstructured data and unclear
data ownership. After evaluating several vendors,
ACC chose Zeenea Data Catalog for its intuitive
graph-based interface, robust access controls,
business glossary integration and scalability.
The implementation delivered clear visibility into
data quality, streamlined access management
and improved collaboration between technical
and business teams. Users praised its ease of
use and the reduced friction in working with data.
Case Study
Case Study
Our Partners
Corporate Overview

Analysts Speak

BigFix UEM s ability to manage a wide array of devices,
including specialized ones like ruggedized and Apple
devices, provides HCL with a competitive edge. The
platform s focus on advanced security features and
compliance management appeals to organizations
prioritizing cybersecurity and deep integration with
Windows environments, including advanced features
like offline domain join and certificate management.
Phil Hochmuth, Program Vice President,
Endpoint Management & Enterprise Mobility, IDC
IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Unified Endpoint
Management Software 2024 Vendor Assessment

Organizations would thrive by implementing an
automation strategy synchronized with overarching
business goals to fuel optimal outcomes. Innovative
and affordable automation software, such as the HWA
and UnO suite from HCLSoftware, liberates organizations
resources to focus on positively impacting and
augmenting value.
Estelle Quek, Former Senior Research Manager,
Cloud and Enterprise Software Strategies, IDC
IDC Perspective: Democratization of Enterprise Software
and Workload Automation with HCLSoftware Workload
Automation Suite

AI advancements have been introduced that leverage
the larger portfolio of HCLSoftware - specifically
HCL AION, an AI workbench for delivering contextual
conversational responses with multilanguage multilingual
support. The latest release includes capabilities focused
on predictive modeling and decision making, intelligent
lead nurturing and an intelligent marketing assistant that
can be integrated into Unica instances.
Liz Miller, VP and Principal Analyst, Constellation Research
Market Pulse- B2B Marketing Automation for the
Enterprise: HCL Unica

HCLSoftware continues to invest in HCL Unica as a proven
CCMH solution for existing customers and IT attracts new
customers with specialist data and application integration
requirements, especially within regulated industries.
Rusty Warner, VP, Principal Analyst, Forrester Research
The Forrester Wave : Cross-Channel Marketing Hubs,
Q4 2024
HCLSoftware driving technology innovation for the Scudderia Ferrari F1 team
Disclaimer: Forrester does not endorse any company, product, brand, or service
included in its research publications and does not advise any person to select the
products or services of any company or brand based on the ratings included in such
publications. Information is based on the best available resources. Opinions reflect
judgment at the time and are subject to change. For more information, read about
Forrester s objectives here: https://www.forrester.com/about-us/objectivity/
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

107B+
Liters water
122K+
Animals
treated and
protected
145K+
People linked with social
security schemes
7.5M+
Lives impacted
(54% female)
3.2M+
Saplings
planted
Corporate Social
Responsibility

Community Initiatives in India
HCLFoundation drives the CSR agenda of HCLTech in India. IT seeks to drive
equity, sustainability and inclusive growth in communities across the country
through well-planned and executed programs aligned with UN SDGs.
With a cumulative investment of ₹1,680 crores, we have impacted 7.5+ million
lives till FY25 - empowering women, nurturing grassroots leaders and bridging
the digital divide through our programs. Girls and para-athletes are winning
laurels, farmers are adopting sustainable practices and biodiversity is thriving
as a result of these interventions.
Flagship Programs
Supporting environmental action
Active in nine states, Harit is restoring ecosystems, fostering
sustainability and creating a greener, more resilient future.
Wags of Change: Cen-UPHAR s mission
for compassionate coexistence
A pioneering effort in humane animal welfare, Cen-UPHAR (Center
for Upholding Human Animal Relationship), was operationalized by
HCLFoundation on October 28, 2024, in partnership with the Greater Noida
Industrial Development Authority. This initiative promotes compassionate
coexistence through community street dog sterilization and awareness
programs for schools, colleges and resident welfare associations.
With a dedicated team, Cen-UPHAR has performed 150+ sterilizations and
engaged 50+ HCLTech volunteers in meaningful activities. A WhatsApp-
based chatbot streamlines service requests, while an advanced data system
ensures efficiency. An Activity Hut fosters education and climate-controlled
shelters safeguard animal well-being, creating a model for sustainable,
community-driven animal welfare.
Case Study
Impact
Saplings planted,
including mangrove and
shelterbelt: 1,896,799
Water body rejuvenated:
3,087 acres
Ghost nets and marine
debris retrieved:
174,271 kg
Animal lives impacted:
116,250
Human lives impacted
(environment education
and awareness): 52,254
All data points are cumulative
Rejuvenated waterbody at
Khandera Girirajpur village, UP
Sterilization program for
street dogs
A graffiti wall outside the newly operationalized
facility in Greater Noida, UP
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Transforming rural communities
Samuday drives sustainable rural transformation through an integrated approach
across agriculture, education, environment, health, livelihoods and WASH (water,
sanitation and hygiene). Since 2015, IT has impacted 3 million people across
2,200 villages in Hardoi (Uttar Pradesh) and Thoothukudi (Tamil Nadu).
Beating Tuberculosis
with community support
Anita, a young girl from Chaupal Tola, in Hardoi district in
Uttar Pradesh, faced a harrowing battle with Tuberculosis (TB)
amid financial hardships. Still coming to terms with her sister s
death due to TB, Anita was terrified when she developed similar
symptoms. A Samuday-led Active Case Finding initiative
confirmed her worst fears. Heartbroken, she lost all hope.
Ram Sewak, a dedicated TB Champion, lent her unconditional
support, ensuring she received timely treatment and emotional
guidance. Initially frail, Anita gradually regained strength, and
with Ram Sewak by her side, she finally won the battle against
TB. Her journey from despair to recovery inspired her community
to seek timely care, proving that awareness, support and
perseverance save lives.
HCLFoundation supports TB patients by providing monthly
nutrition baskets. Additionally, TB Champions, who are peers
of the patients, offer continuous counselling to help them.
Each TB Champion receives ₹8,000 per month to assist
TB patients and to raise awareness about the disease.
Case Study
Impact
Agriculture and Livelihoods: In FY25, supported 10,658 new
farmers with scientific agricultural practices (104,138 cumulative);
linked 2,739 farmers with the dairy ecosystem (39,835 cumulative);
established 1,135 enterprises, with entrepreneurs earning over
₹3,000/month.
Healthcare and Nutrition: Delivered 179,725 consultations via
Mobile Health Clinics and Telemedicine Centers; screened 41,048
adolescents for anaemia; facilitated immunization 10,766 children;
managed 4,464 children with severe acute malnutrition through
home-based nutrition camps.
Education and Literacy: Provided 122,912 students with essential
resources and an improved learning environment; enabled 16,770
adults to achieve literacy (160,116 cumulative).
Renewable Energy: Installed 417.4 KW of renewable energy
infrastructure, bringing the total capacity to 1.99 MW.
Strategic Partnerships
(MoUs signed)
With Uttar Pradesh State Rural Livelihood
Mission for strengthening livelihood
models, handicraft development and
market access
With Department of Basic Education,
Uttar Pradesh to support digital literacy,
coding and AI education in upper
primary schools
With Uttar Pradesh New and Renewable
Energy Development Agency to provide
technical support for solar mini-grid
With Department of Animal Husbandry,
Uttar Pradesh for upgrading veterinary
services with a refurbished hospital,
advanced labs and AI-based
healthcare tools
Industry awareness program for rural
artisans in Lakhimpur, UP
Handicraft workshop for rural artisans
in Hardoi, UP
Corporate Overview

10 years of nation-building
In its 10th year, HCLTech Grant saw unprecedented participation in FY25, with 13,925
NGOs registering for the Grant and 1,615 submitting applications - an impressive
40% increase from the previous year. Over 2,200 NGO representatives participated
in the eight symposiums the Grant held across India, strengthening sector collaboration.
Since its inception, the HCLTech India Grant has committed ₹152.8 crores
(~$18.40 million) to 59 high-impact projects, reaching 2.2+ million lives across
131 districts in 22 states and 2 union territories. With 22 active projects spanning
78 districts, the grant continues its mission to drive transformative, scalable change.
Breaking the cycle of urban poverty
Uday is breaking the cycle of urban poverty through equitable and sustainable development
for the most vulnerable. An urban CSR initiative, Uday delivers integrated solutions targeting
entire families.
Uday s Health and WASH programs have enhanced essential and preventive healthcare
and improved water and sanitation access. Institutional births increased from 67% to 97%
in 17 urban slum communities. Our Early Childhood Care and Development (ECCD) program
mobilized 7,000 parents, including 700 men. We connected 8,000 women to livelihoods
and placed 51,900 youth in 70+ industry trades through Yuvakendras. Uday has positively
impacted 1.2 million people across 11 cities where HCLTech operates.
Clearing the Water: Fisherfolk s
fight against invasive weeds
For the 800 inland fishing families of Vembanad
Lake at Ernakulam, Kerala, invasive water hyacinth
threatens their livelihood, clogging waters,
damaging nets and entangling boat propellers.
Project Vembanad s Macro Fight (VMF), funded
by HCLTech India Grant, empowers fisherfolk
to reclaim their waters. Through regular weed
removal at Njanodaya Fish Landing Center,
the community actively clears the infestation,
ensuring uninterrupted fishing. More than just
an environmental effort, this initiative safeguards
their livelihood, sustenance and way of life,
turning the tide against an ecological threat.
Case Study
ASHA workers facilitating Maternal
Mental Health Awareness
Fisherfolk removing hyacinth from
the Vembanad Lake, Kerala
Revived Anganwadi
in Mysuru, Karnataka
A pasture undergoing restoration
in Kutch, Gujarat
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Impact
In FY25, 1,319 Anganwadi workers trained
in innovative teaching methods to enhance
child development
Supporting 295 government schools and 59 Gurukul
centers, impacting 80,000+ students and teachers
Eight Nanhe Parinde Vans, being run with GB Nagar
Police Commissionerate and Lucknow Police,
serve 2,600+ children in urban slums
30 STEM and Digital Labs were set up,
empowering 37,000 students (70% girls)
63,000+ youth trained in 50+ industry-relevant
trades; 82% employed, earning ₹21K-₹24K/month
8,000+ SHG women generating ₹8K-₹8.8K/month
through livelihoods (cumulative)
110,000+ program participants connected to
government social security schemes (cumulative)
Partnered with Stanley Black & Decker to
establish Unnati Labs in Chennai and Pune,
training 500 ITI students
Facilitated ₹1.75 cr in government funding for
improved Water, Sanitation and Health (WASH)
facilities and social security schemes
1.57M liters water harvested through
32. RWH structures
3,766 mothers and children supported through
Matra Shishu Swasthya Sangini in Noida
Enhanced mental health literacy for 4,000+
community members in 57 Bengaluru slums
with the National Institute of Mental Health
and Neurosciences (NIMHANS)
13,582 program participants reached through
Comprehensive Primary Healthcare in Bengaluru
Educating young girls about menstrual health through
gamified sessions in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
ITI strengthening project in Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Fostering cleanliness, seeding sustainability
HCLFoundation s My Clean City initiative drives a waste and litter-free
future by strengthening solid waste management in urban spaces
in Noida and Greater Noida.
Impact
1,924 tons of waste efficiently managed (20,224.5 tons)
47,979 citizens sensitized on sustainable practices (755,666)
23,142 stakeholders trained in waste management (65,093)
43 shops made single-use plastic-free (532)
111,500 sq. ft. of public spaces beautified with messages
of cleanliness and sustainability (436,272 sq. ft.)
(The numbers in bracket are cumulative data since the inception of the program)
Cleaning drive in
Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP
Corporate Overview

Flagship Programs
Enabling our people to give back to society
Through HCLTech s Power of One volunteering program,
5,700+ HCLTechies dedicated 27,550 hours in FY25,
positively impacting 64,612 lives. To date, 92,833
employees have collectively contributed an impressive
734,549 volunteering hours, driving meaningful change
in communities.
Transforming outcomes through play
Sports for Change is shaping the next generation
of athletes and leaders and reached out to 22,245
participants in FY25. A Special Sports Shiksha
workshop trained 144 coaches, role models
and program teams in biomechanics and injury
management. Athletes showcased their skills in
2,300 tournament participations across all levels.
Paralympian Preeti Pal, who was previously supported
by HCLFoundation, received the Arjuna Award, India s
second-highest sporting honor, from the President of
India, for her achievements in the Paralympic Games
in Paris, France and the World Championship
in Kobe, Japan.
HCLTechies delivering flood relief
in Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP
Preeti Pal receiving the Arjuna Award from
the President of India, Smt. Droupadi Murmu
Sports for Change Nationals, Chennai
6th Edition of the Sports for Change
North Zone Championship, Greater Noida
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Crafting quality, providing livelihoods
Since its inception in 2021, the initiative has empowered
over 5,500 artisans by promoting their handmade products
through online platforms and national exhibitions. In FY25,
the second My E-Haat Conclave at the National Crafts
Museum, Delhi brought together over 350 industry leaders,
NGOs and academicians to advance artisan livelihoods.
A proud milestone was the recognition of Chikankari
artisans in the Livelihood Case Study Compendium
by Access Development Services, shortlisted from
over 500 entries across India.
A pottery artisan from Khurja cluster
Sustainability-focused learning platform
A global platform for collaborative learning,
Academy empowers professionals to conceptualize
and implement high-impact development initiatives.
IT emphasizes flexibility, interdisciplinary learning and
real-world relevance. Development professionals are
equipped to drive measurable, transformative change
aligned with the UNSDGs.
Impact
1,400+ learners enrolled across programs
Over 694 certificates issued, reflecting
skill enhancement
Programs impacted 23,624 program participants
in education, health and sustainability
Stitching her way to success
Seema, a skilled Chikankari artisan from Lucknow,
struggled to turn her craft into a stable livelihood.
A chance meeting with the HCLFoundation team in
2020 transformed her life. She joined HCLFoundation-
supported Artisans Self-Help Group (SHG), where she
received valuable training and mentorship that set
her on a path to financial independence. She soon
opened a bank account and invested in insurance.
She expanded her market reach, encouraging
more women to join the SHG. Seema managed her
embroidery work through her smartphone, ensuring
consistent work for the women in her group. Events
like Hunar Haat boosted her confidence and helped
her advocate for women s economic empowerment.
Today, Seema is a role model, shaping her family s
future and redefining her societal role with
newfound confidence and financial security.
Case Study
Seema sharing her tailoring skills within her community
Corporate Overview

Community Initiatives beyond India
Americas
HCLTech employees across the Americas actively
engaged in various community service initiatives in
FY25. In the US, over 200 HCLTech employees across
Cary, Seattle, New Jersey and the Bay Area dedicated
500 hours of service through 20+ events, distributing
more than 90,000 pounds of food. In Canada, HCLTech
reinforced its commitment to social responsibility
by organizing quarterly blood donation drives in
partnership with Canadian Blood Services, contributing
over 50 units of blood. Additionally, employees
collaborated with A Greener Future for a shoreline
cleanup at Jack Darling Memorial Park in Mississauga,
removing over 3,200 pieces of litter.
Across the broader Americas region, HCLTech employees
in Brazil, Mexico and Guatemala participated in fundraising
initiatives supporting local charities, hospitals and
educational programs. In Brazil, HCLTech supported the
Eu-Cidadão Project that seeks to fill gaps in access to
information and promote technological inclusion training.
In Mexico, HCLTech employees participated in a donation
campaign to provide foster homes with supplies to care
for local children in need. In Guatemala, HCLTech donated
280 pounds of food to Casa del Alfarero, furthering
its commitment to combating food insecurity.
France
Since 2020, HCLTech has partnered
with Apprentis d Auteuil to bring
coding education to middle school
students through the Coders of
Tomorrow project. Our employees
participated in the end-of-class
challenge, offering a mentoring
workshop to inspire future career
opportunities in technology.
Germany
We sponsor FC Mühlhausen 1927 e.V.
football club to support its training
programs and social initiatives,
including inclusivity programs
for people with disabilities.
Romania
We have multiple strategic
partnerships with NGOs across
Romania covering four main activity
pillars: education, environment,
health and livelihood. HCLTech
collaborated with Salvati Copiii
(Save the Children Iasi) on
numerous initiatives to help
children requiring support.
Poland
Krakow Food Bank Partnership
This initiative significantly alleviates
community hunger by providing
essential food supplies to those
in need.
Poland Business Run: This event
raises funds and increases awareness
about mobility impairments, fostering
a more inclusive society.
Sarigato Foundation Partnership
By donating refurbished computers
and equipment, we enable students
to continue their education remotely,
bridging the digital divide and
promoting equal opportunities for all.
Europe and Africa
In April 2024, we announced the winners of the first edition
of the Climate Action Grant in the Americas. Through this
program, HCLTech has committed $5 million in grants
over five years to support not-for-profit organizations
with innovative projects focused on combating climate
change, restoring ecosystems and biodiversity across
the Americas. Brazil-based Argilando, Canada-based
No. 9 Contemporary Art and the Environment and US-
based The Longleaf Alliance were the recipients of the
first edition of the HCLTech Grant Americas. For the
second edition of the Grant, we received more than 160
applications, an increase of 72%, highlighting the growing
popularity of the program.
Community service initiative at Sunnyvale, CA
Krakow Food Bank partnership, Poland
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Australia
For the sixth consecutive year,
we partnered with the McGrath
Foundation for its flagship
fundraising event, The Jane
McGrath High Tea, demonstrating
our commitment to supporting
cancer patients with expert care.
South Africa
We have a long-standing partnership
with Safe-Hub, a non-profit of South
African origin that supports initiatives
to break the cycle of poverty,
inequality and unemployment.
We collaborated with Northwestern
University and the University of
Johannesburg to make higher
education more inclusive for
students living with disabilities.
New Zealand
For the second year in a row,
HCLTech sponsored a She Sharp
event in Hamilton, New Zealand.
This year s topic was The Role
of Technology in Sustainable
Development. She Sharp is a
New Zealand not-for-profit that
works towards gender parity in
technology by:
Influencing Wahine decisions
to understand their future role
in technology
Sweden
Renewed partnership with the Gota
Traneberg club, supporting youth
ice hockey in Stockholm.
UK
HCLTech has supported the King s
Trust for over a decade, empowering
young adults through the Get Started
programs. In 2024, we funded
four Get Started with Technology
programs, benefiting over 45 young
adults with essential technical skills.
Many of our employees in the UK also
participated in fundraising initiatives
like Walk the Talk.
Singapore
Our participation in Singapore
University of Technology and Design s
FACT (Freshmore Asian Cross-
curricular Trips) program involved the
installation of solar panels in under-
privileged communities.
We helped create a dashboard with
SUTD to track and gather data for
the University to support future
implementation, maintenance
and management of water usage.
Employees from HCLTech Singapore
participated in this effort, visiting
Kampong Terban village in Indonesia
with SUTD and their partner
University Gaja Mada in Indonesia
to install solar panels and support
with project-based learning.
Asia Pacific
Some of our initiatives include:
The gala Zambet in Dar brought
together generous individuals
to change vulnerable children s
lives during the winter holidays
ShoeBox Santa, through which
we collected and distributed
Christmas gifts to children
Galantom fundraising event,
through which we supported
270 vulnerable children from
Asociatia Salvati Copiii Iasi
Participated in a semi-marathon
to raise funds for the education
of vulnerable children
Fundația pentru Copii Ronald
McDonald: Through this
partnership, HCLTech actively
supports families who need a
safe place close to the hospital
bed of children under treatment.
Since last year, we have proudly
supported their mission by
adopting a room and participating
in activities for families in need
We also funded an IT lab for
SA Guide-Dogs, supporting visually
and physically impaired individuals,
including children with Autism,
to live independently through
enhanced mobility and essential skills.
Providing access to education,
female technology leaders and
their networks
Supporting women into
employment, helping them to
build capability and contribute to
New Zealand s economic growth.
Semi marathon in Romania
Jane McGrath High Tea, Australia
She Sharp event in New Zealand
Corporate Overview

Value Creation
Approach
Financial
Capital
Social and
Relationship
Capital
Human
Capital
Intellectual
Capital
Natural
Capital

Business Strategy
Strategy helps an organization to make choices and, more importantly, trade-offs. An effective strategy aligns
stakeholders - clients, employees, partners, society and shareholders - to pursue shared goals of success and
value creation. This shared focus ensures mutual interlocking and reinforcement of numerous decisions made
daily across various aspects of the business. The key to the success of any strategy is to ensure the right choices
are made consistently by all stakeholders by articulating the strategy clearly.
For over four decades, HCLTech has built a culture of empowerment and innovation. Our leaders play a crucial role
in translating strategy into practical, flexible guidelines that can be easily followed and implemented by everyone.
To unleash the creative potential of our people, our strategic framework has remained simple and clear, aligned to
the art of the possible. This simple yet effective approach ignites passion and ownership among our employees. We set
forth a small set of priorities vital for our success and empower our people to execute them with enthusiasm and boldness.
Aligned to this approach, we have our five medium-term
strategic objectives:
Leadership through differentiated services and
products leveraging our engineering pedigree
Employer of choice for professional services talent
across chosen geographies
Preferred digital and AI partner for Global 2000,
equivalent and emerging enterprises in chosen markets
Weave ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance)
into business strategy
Continue to deliver top quartile TSR (Total Shareholder
Return) over the medium-term
These medium-term strategic objectives (SOs) address
the critical components necessary for business success,
ensuring that all aspects of the organization, including
goals, resources and activities, are coordinated and
aligned to achieve the desired outcomes. We regularly
assess and update our strategic objectives to ensure
they remain relevant, leading to revisions in FY25. We have
expanded further on each of these strategic objectives in
the Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) section.
The underlying principles that guide us in pursuing
and attaining these strategic objectives are as follows:
Our culture of empowerment and innovation -
Our commitment to excellence is deeply embedded
in our cultural DNA. Our culture combines optimism
with realism, driving passion and innovation.
Talent is at the center of every decision - Our employee
value proposition, Find your Spark, aims to inspire and
empower employees by aligning our business model
and talent strategy with their aspirations. We focus on
creating enriching experiences and a next-gen work
environment to help employees reach their full potential.
Enablement to drive execution - HCLTech ensures
strategic objectives are clear and achievable
by breaking them into specific initiatives, more
importantly supported by enablement frameworks
and cross-functional collaboration. This approach
aligns initiatives with broader objectives, driving
organizational interlock, key to success and growth.
Beyond benchmarking - HCLTech uses benchmarking
to identify and adopt best practices and drive strategic
objectives, focusing on parameters like stakeholder
satisfaction and financial performance. This approach
aims to advance strategic objectives rather than just
aligning with competitors.
Benefit from current and future opportunities -
We use a structured approach to detect market
disruptions early, converting risks into opportunities for
both short-term and long-term growth. We continuously
monitor market signals to identify and capitalize on
opportunities across existing and new domains and
act promptly to gain competitive advantage.
Rethink competitive advantage through
non-linear approach - HCLTech is focusing on achieving
non-linear growth by leveraging AI/GenAI and other
emerging technologies to enhance client experiences,
drive innovation and improve efficiency. The company
aims to decouple revenue from traditional models
through AI-driven innovation and integration
of advanced technologies, fostering a dynamic
and customer-centric ecosystem.
Enhance value through efficient capital allocation -
HCLTech practices disciplined budgeting and strategic
investment to ensure efficient capital use, driving value
through sustainable growth and competitive advantage.
This approach enables resilience and long-term
stakeholder value.
Align the larger ecosystem to strategic objectives -
We communicate our strategic goals and progress
to key external stakeholders through regular updates
and transparent reporting. This approach attracts
clients, investors and partners, fostering trust, driving
growth and aligning them with our long-term journey.
Peter Drucker s epithet that strategy is a commodity,
execution is an art is often mentioned to reinforce the
importance of culture in executing strategy. This assertion
underscores the idea that while formulating a strategic
plan is imperative, the true test lies in its implementation.
The organizational culture sets the tone for how strategies
are perceived, accepted and executed. At HCLTech,
through the intelligent integration of both culture and
strategy, we execute impeccably to supercharge progress.
Corporate Overview

Value Creation Model
Inputs
Shareholders fund
₹69,655Cr
Borrowings
₹2,291Cr
Financial Capital
Natural Capital
Social and
Relationship Capital
Strategy and process
Medium-term strategic objectives
Driven by full-stack porfolio and well-defined
strategic objectives to create value for our
stakeholder
100%
Owned buildings Platinum-rated
by Green Building Councils
323,445GJ
Renewable energy
consumed
10.2L
Water consumption
intensity per full-time
employee per day
$5M
HCLTech
Americas Grant
- over 5 Years
₹1,680Cr
India CSR
investment
734,000+
Hours of employee
community volunteering
Employees
223,420
Hours of employee training
(Total person hours)
8.63M
Human Capital
₹66,755Cr
Employee benefits
and expense
R&D expenditure
₹1,658Cr
HCLTech Labs
70+
Employees trained
in GenAI
106,000
Intellectual Capital
Software
AI and GenAI
Digital
Cloud
Engineering
Client
Planet
People
Governance
Continue to deliver top-quartile TSR
(Total Shareholder Return) over the
medium-term
Weave ESG
(Environmental, Social
and Governance) into
business strategy
Employer of choice for
professional services
talent across chosen
geographies
Leadership through
differentiated services
and products leveraging
our engineering pedigree
Preferred digital and AI
partner for Global 2000,
equivalent and emerging
enterprises in chosen
markets
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Outputs
Outcomes
Best-in-class TSR in the
last 10 years
Fastest service revenue growth
among peers for the last 3 years
No. 1 rank in 21 categories in
the Institutional Investor
Research Annual Asia Executive
Team survey
Recognized as Top Employer
for three years in a row
Best-in-class employee
experience and learning
Safe and inclusive workplaces
Stable senior leadership
Partner to 50% G500
enterprises and 40%
G2000 enterprises
400+ leadership rankings
in analyst recognitions
Inclusive growth of local
communities
Conservation of environment
in geographies of operation
Recognized as one of the
World s Most Ethical
Companies by Ethisphere for
two years in a row
Leader in water stewardship
Top ESG ratings from
leading agencies
Employees motivated to be
climate champions
Women in workforce
28.2%
Gen Z employees
28%
Freshers hired
1,800+
Return to work rate
of women employees
that took parental leave
99.6%
Employees trained
in core skills
173,000+
PWDs reached
(35% women) till date
15,000+
Lives impacted
(54% women) till date
7.5M+
Revenue
₹117,055Cr
ROIC
₹37.9%
Return on equity
25%
PAT
₹17,390Cr
Dividend payment
₹16,250Cr
Taxes paid
₹4,649Cr
GenAI engagements
with 400 clients till FY25
Ideas generated
17,000+
Customer signed-off
values delivered
$1.6B
Patents granted till FY25
(315 pending)
1,179
Ideas implemented
8,000
Liters of water
107B+
SHGs provided
bank credit linkages
10,000+
Acres of farm lands
reclaimed
1,192
31X
Times water replenished
than consumed in India
46%
Reduction in Scope
1 and 2 emissions
from base year FY20
22%
Reduction in Scope
3 emissions from FY20
83%
Increase in renewable
energy in overall energy
consumption
32.2%
Decrease in freshwater
consumption from FY20
Corporate Overview

Managing Financial Capital
As a company with significant cash generation,
we recognize the critical role that financial capital plays
in supporting our strategic initiatives, ensuring operational
efficiency and promoting sustainable growth. Our financial
stability enables us to utilize financial capital effectively,
thereby creating long-term value for our stakeholders
and maintaining our competitiveness in the market.
Our robust cash flow supports investments in growth,
aids in navigating economic downturns and ensures
value is returned to shareholders. This year, we achieved
Free Cash Flow (FCF) of ₹21,153 crores ($2.5 billion),
representing 123% of our Net Income (NI). With this
strong cash position, we can finance strategic
initiatives without over-relying on external funding,
thereby minimizing financial risk and increasing resilience.
With robust forex management, we seamlessly handle
multi-currency operations across diverse time zones and
international markets, leveraging automated rate updates,
hedging strategies and real-time reconciliation. To ensure
predictability and stability in our income statement,
we mitigate financial risks associated with foreign
currency fluctuations and geopolitical instability.
We generate strong cash flow by optimizing global
operations with automated billing and collection
processes, supported by efficient working capital
management. Our efforts have significantly reduced
Days Sales Outstanding (DSO), placing us among
the industry s best.
HCLTech s capital allocation strategy aims to
enhance shareholder value through careful planning
and investments. By maintaining strong return ratios and
improving Free Cash Flow (FCF), the company ensures a
solid financial foundation. This supports both organic and
inorganic growth, dividends and a healthy balance sheet.
By investing in advanced technologies such as GenAI and
AI, HCLTech remains at the forefront of industry trends to
meet client needs. Moreover, a return on invested capital
(ROIC) of 37.9% underscores efficiency in capital allocation,
maximizing shareholder value and ensuring prudent use
of financial resources.
Sustainable
Cybersecurity,
data protection
Sustainable
procurement
Governance
Material Topics
Financial Capital
HCLTech leverages Financial Capital as a foundational pillar in its
holistic Value Creation Model, enabling sustainable growth, innovation
and stakeholder returns. The company s healthy growth and profit
margins reflect efficient operations and effective cost management.
Supported by strategic investments and prudent risk management,
HCLTech maintains liquidity and stability, offering attractive returns
to shareholders while aligning with long-term objectives.
By prioritizing innovation and operational excellence, HCLTech,
equipped to handle future challenges and seize new opportunities
in the technology sector, is well positioned to help steer our clients
favourably in an ever-evolving landscape. Our strong financial health
and strategic foresight enhance our competitive edge and foster
enduring stakeholder relationships for continued market success.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Value Creation for
Shareholders
HCLTech is committed to creating
long-term value for shareholders
through a balanced approach
focused on delivering strong
financial returns and sustainable
growth. The company consistently
achieves top quartile Total
Shareholder Return (TSR),
demonstrating its ability to
outperform industry peers and
translating operational success
into financial benefits for investors.
HCLTech has delivered the best-in-
class compound TSR (15.1%) in the
last 10 years.
HCLTech s success in maintaining
this stellar TSR performance can
be attributed to a strategic blend
of factors. First, the company s
relentless commitment to
sustained growth, backed by a
meticulous focus on profitability,
has been a cornerstone of its
operational strategy.
This commitment extends beyond
mere financial metrics, encapsulating
the company s dedication to delivering
value to its clients and staying at the
forefront of technological innovation.
A key element of HCLTech s
shareholder strategy is its commitment
to returning capital. The company
has pledged to distribute a minimum
of 75% of net income cumulatively
from FY22 to FY26 through dividends,
reinforcing its focus on delivering
tangible returns to shareholders.
This strategy enhances investor
confidence and is aligned with
HCLTech s broader goals of
maintaining financial stability
and growth.
By balancing capital returns with
strategic investments, HCLTech
continues to drive long-term value
creation, solidifying its reputation
as a reliable partner in delivering
sustained shareholder benefits.
Visit Strategic Objective 5 of the MDA section for more details
Free Cash Flows
(In ₹ Crores)
4-year CAGR: 4.5%
37.9%
33.8%
30.4%
28.9%
27.7%
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
ROIC
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
Dividend
Payout Ratio
93.5%
89.6%
87.5%
88.3%
63.3%
21,153
21,400
16,348
15,255
17,714
Human Capital
Human capital
Local hiring
Diversity, equity
and inclusion (DEI)
Talent atraction
and retention
Work environment
Material Topics
As AI adoption grows, talent acquisition and development are becoming
strategic priorities. We believe business value can be unlocked only at the
intersection of human intelligence and AI. We are committed to upskilling
and reskilling our workforce to stay future-ready. As AI, automation and
digital transformation reshape industries, organizations are focusing on
continuous learning and leadership development. Hybrid work environments,
the growing importance of emotional intelligence in tech roles and the shift
towards flexible, purpose-driven work models are trends that will redefine
the workplace dynamics of the future.
Corporate Overview

Core Values
The following core values
guide how we innovate,
collaborate and grow.
Integrity
We maintain the
highest ethical
standards and are
committed to doing the
right thing, all the time.
Inclusion
We create an
environment where
everyone can succeed and
be encouraged to be their
best and most authentic selves.
We believe in providing equal
access and opportunities to all.
Value Creation
We are obsessed with
creating value for our
clients and supercharging
their progress. We always
go the extra mile to deliver on
our commitments and identify
new opportunities for growth.
People-centricity
We encourage our
people to find their
spark and shape their career
journeys. We empower people
to be entrepreneurs and
creators and to surface ideas,
big and small.
Social Responsibility
We give back to our
communities and we are
focused on doing the right
things for our planet and
the communities where
we work and live.
Employee Value Proposition
Our employee value proposition, Find Your Spark, is designed to
create meaningful opportunities that enhance employee engagement
and cultivate a positive workplace culture. IT is built on four tenets:
Upskilling and Training
HCLTech is deeply invested in upskilling and re-skilling
its people to keep itself future-ready. In FY25, almost 80%
of our employees were trained in core skills, over 115,500
were trained in digital skills and over 116,200 people were
Employee Health and Wellness
HCLTech champions employee wellbeing through comprehensive
health benefits comprising annual check-ups, specialist consultations
and life coaching, creating a supportive environment that enhances
productivity. We also offer stress management programs and access
to employee assistance programs (EAPs), empowering employees
to maintain their mental health.
We provide enriching sessions, including yoga, pilates, meditation
and workshops on work-life balance, promoting both physical and
mental vigor. Our flagship BE WELL program fosters resilience through
activities like musical concerts, fitness challenges, therapeutic crafts
and guided meditation, all led by certified professionals.
We are committed to helping our people:
Build the skills and capabilities
that the industry needs
Map skills with the right opportunity
and bring diversity into the talent mix
With a supportive and inclusive culture
to maximize their potential
Embracing next-gen work
environment and culture
Creating job-enriching
experiences
Delivering employment
that fuels confidence
Providing exciting
employee experiences
trained in GenAI. More than 131,000 employees benefited
from behavioral and leadership development courses
while over 4,800 women employees benefited from
our Women Career Development Program.
Fitness center in the Lucknow campus
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Early-career Initiative and Campus Hiring
Gen Z constitutes 28% of our workforce and their
influence continues to grow. They are recruited through
campus hiring initiatives and the TechBee program.
While campus hiring targets college graduates, TechBee
provides opportunities for high school students to acquire
technological skills and pursue full-time careers. The
early-career program integrates skill development into
the selection process, ensuring that candidates joining
our organization are equipped to address business
challenges and create value.
Talent Localization
HCLTech s talent localization strategy is exemplified
through its Nearshore and New Vistas programs, which
aim to build a diverse and skilled workforce across various
The MentorMe and Aspire platforms are designed
to democratize learning and provide access to expert
guidance. In FY25, over 4,600 additional people signed
up as mentors and more than 9,000 mentoring meetings
were organized, clocking over 61,000 mentoring hours.
Our Future Bytes program offers learning opportunities
to our workforce on new-age technologies, including AI,
Big Data, Internet of Things and Cloud Computing,
to help them remain future-ready.
HCLTech s Certified People Manager Program equips
people managers with an effective mindset, skillset and
toolset to foster inclusive leadership and have meaningful,
development-focused performance conversations with
team members. In FY25, over 6,000 managers completed
the foundation level, over 4,500 finished the intermediate
level while over 4,400 managers accomplished the
advanced level.
geographies. The Nearshore program focuses
on establishing delivery centers in close proximity to
clients, enabling better collaboration, cultural alignment
and faster response time.
The New Vistas program, on the other hand, targets
tier-II and tier-III cities in India, creating job opportunities
and fostering economic growth in these regions. In FY25,
HCLTech hired more than 4,400 employees through the
New Vistas program, out of which over 1,300 were women
and over 1,900 were fresh graduates. This initiative not
only helps in tapping into untapped talent pools but also
contributes to the socio-economic development of these
areas. Through these programs, HCLTech demonstrates its
commitment to talent localization and inclusive growth.
Rights and Redressal Mechanisms
HCLTech is deeply committed to upholding
employee rights and fostering an inclusive and
equitable work environment. The company has
established comprehensive policies to ensure fair
treatment, non-discrimination and equal opportunities
for all employees. These policies are designed to protect
the employees rights and promote a culture of respect
and dignity within the workplace. To address employee
concerns, HCLTech has implemented robust grievance
redressal mechanisms. These mechanisms provide our
people with multiple channels to report grievances,
including anonymous reporting options. The company
ensures that all grievances are addressed promptly and
transparently, with a focus on resolving issues amicably
and maintaining a positive work environment.
HCLTech s commitment to inclusive and equitable
growth is reflected in its various initiatives aimed
at promoting diversity and inclusion. The company
actively works towards creating a diverse workforce by
implementing programs that support underrepresented
groups, including women, differently-abled individuals and
people from diverse cultural backgrounds. For example,
our Inclusion In Action: Allyship is a virtual instructor-led
(VILT) learning program that aims to create DEI champions
to help address inclusion practice internally and call out
non-inclusive behaviors. Over 5,400 people managers
have gone through the session and developed a gender
inclusion promise. Women Career Development Programs
like Ignite (entry level), Momentum (mid level) and Surge
Ahead (senior level) prepare women working at HCLTech
for career advancement across all stages of their careers.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
298%
Increase in PwD*
employees in the
last 5 years
99.6%
Return to work
rate of women
employees post
parental leave
5,400+
People
managers
completing
Allyship program
4,800+
Women employees
participating in
career development
programs
28.8%
Women in
workforce
37%
Increase in
leadership
diversity in the
last 5 years
*people with disability
Ensuring diverse and inclusive workplaces
Corporate Overview

Skilling and Career Advancement
8.63M
Hours of
employee
training
173,000+
Employees
trained in
core skills
106,000+
AI and GenAI
trained
people
51,000+
People who
undertook
the Aspire
32,000+
Employees
who enrolled
for MentorMe
11,000+
Employees who
advanced their
careers via
TalentXchange
Visit the following sections of the annual report for more details:
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Directors Report
Strategic Objective 2 - Management Discussion and Analysis
BRSR Principles 3, 5 - Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
These offerings have also enabled us to build
industry-focused and horizontal-focused solutions
and drive agentic AI capabilities. We also believe that
AI and GenAI have to be built on the principle of trust
and reflect our core values. HCLTech has established
the Office of Responsible AI and Governance (ORAIG)
to ensure that AI systems are developed and deployed
ethically and responsibly.
For more details, visit the AI and GenAI section.
Intellectual Capital
Sustainable
Cybersecurity,
data protection
Material Topics
Our investment in advanced technologies enables us to develop
solutions that address evolving business needs and unlock new
opportunities. We partner with leading technology companies to form
a robust ecosystem to help enterprises navigate business challenges more
efficiently. We harness the power of cloud, GenAI, IoT, blockchain, DevOps,
data science, edge computing and quantum computing, among others,
to drive innovation and sustainable growth for our clients.
Responsible and Full-Stack AI Offering
We have built a unique, full-stack AI offering that
spans the entire ecosystem - from chip design and data
engineering to large language models and AI-powered
applications. Our focus is on two key pivots: a) Driving
time to acceleration and productivity through service
transformation b) Driving business outcomes through
value stream innovation. The key components of these
two pivots are our four major AI offerings - AI Force
for service transformation and AI Foundry, AI Labs
and AI Engineering for value stream innovation.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Innovations Across Businesses
Our Engineering and R&D Services (ERS) division remains
at the forefront of innovation. ERS contributed over 1,000
patents over the last decade, working closely with G2000
companies. At the core of the AI strategy of ERS is a dual
focus on leveraging AI to drive both value stream
innovation and extensive service transformation across
products, processes and assets. IT achieves this by building
powerful multimodal AI solutions that seamlessly leverage
cutting-edge Vision AI, GenAI and Data Analytics to
understand context across different types of sensory
inputs to deliver tangible business outcomes.
Our Digital Business Services business helps build
composable apps that adapt at market speed, unlock
value from data for our clients and transform their
operations for sustainable value creation. By embedding
GenAI across every aspect of the value chain, we enable
organizations to transition seamlessly into an Autonomous
Enterprise, driving real-time innovation, efficiency and
adaptability. With a focus on AI, industry-specific platforms
and strategic partnerships, we deliver scalable, innovative
solutions that create lasting, tangible value.
HCLTech s Digital Foundation Services (DFS) is
advancing platform-based Managed Services through
focused R&D in AI, GenAI, automation, hybrid cloud,
service management, cybersecurity and user experience.
Our investments span Agentic AI, Cognitive Infrastructure,
AI-powered Threat management, Digital Workplace and
Network transformation solutions. These investments aim
to transition customers from traditional IT operations to
intelligent, autonomous and user-centric environments.
By co-innovating with ecosystem partners, DFS
enables enterprises to modernize their IT infrastructure,
transforming IT into a resilient, reconfigurable and
autonomous foundation for their digital transformation
initiatives. This modernization results in a high user
experience and engagement index. We empower
customers to reconfigure their IT at the speed of business,
improve resilience and enhance employee engagement.
This drives agility, cost efficiency and long-term
competitiveness in a rapidly changing digital landscape.
Our Digital Process Operations (DPO) division delivers
Business AI that focuses on creating intelligent
autonomous operations. IT has full-stack AI accelerators,
AI agents and end-to-end domain-intensive solutions
powered by our digitalCOLLEAGUE (dC) platform.
Our AI accelerators include iKnow, an intelligent
platform for continuous learning and assessment; iGenie,
a humanoid multilingual text and voice agent; Exacto+,
a patented deep data extraction and generation engine;
Toscana+, a proprietary intelligent business process
management and automation solution; OCC+, Operations
Command Center for advanced analytics and insights
and Agent Anywhere Customer Anywhere (AACA), a multi-
lingual platform to enable customer service from any-shore.
Some of our AI-powered solutions developed for
diverse sectors include Autonomous Accounts Payable,
Zero Touch Order to Cash, Contract Lifecycle Management
(CLM), Automated KYC-AML, Banking Chargeback Copilot
and Healthcare Payor Claims Management. We also have
over 50 preconfigured AI Agents that can be orchestrated
in a multi-agent scenario along with human agents in
a seamless operating model. They can learn, improve
and perform a variety of tasks across enterprise functions,
including automatic review of tender portals for qualified
RFPs and creating proposals, mismatched product
description resolution, cross/upsell opportunities based
on customer buying pattern, automated order allocation,
service chat and technical support, anomaly detection
in documents, duplicate transactions identification
and auto tax calculation, among others.
At HCLSoftware, a dedicated IP Management Council
oversees its IP Management (IPM) program while innovation
initiatives like HCL SPARC and HCL SYNC accelerate its
technology leadership. HCL SPARC focuses on intellectual
exploration, fostering collaboration among experts,
engineers and scientists, to solve complex technological
challenges and create cutting-edge software solutions with
an aim to build a portfolio of new-gen products. A few areas
in which the program helped create innovative solution
include GenAI, SLMs, Copilot solutions and machine
learning for operational intelligence.
HCL SYNC, launched in April 2024, functions as an
open-innovation hub and a startup accelerator.
Its primary role is to amplify the efforts of our internal
R&D teams by immersing them in an environment ripe with
fresh ideas and cutting-edge technologies from startups.
FY25 initiatives included connects with deep-tech startups
and our Unica and Commerce teams, resulting in multiple
PoCs, such as multilingual audio-to-text conversion and
sustainability tracking.
HCLSoftware delivered more than 130 product releases,
including HCL UNO (Agentic AI), Unica+, AppScan 360 v1.4,
BigFix Workspace+, BigFix Enterprise+ and HCL Zen 16.
The HCLSoftware Marketplace and My HCLSoftware (MHS)
platform support over 20 products, from trials to
post-sales. Knowledge-sharing is promoted through
Connect-to-Collaborate, the Product Manager Guild
and HCLSoftware U - offering role-based, self-paced
learning and certification to boost internal
collaboration and capability.
HCLSoftware s IP Portfolio
Patents granted and
460 patents filed
Trademarks and
176 copyrights
AI patents
granted
At the end of FY25
Corporate Overview

Startup Accelerator
Our distinctive ecosystem unites startups, venture
capitalists and trade missions globally. Through our
startup accelerator and innovation initiative, Startup
Ecosystem Innovation Platform and Program (eSTiP ),
we facilitate the co-creation of technology solutions
via an open innovation model. Governed by HCLTech s
Enterprise Technology Office, eSTiP operationalizes
innovation and fosters extensive collaboration among
diverse stakeholders. Employing a systematic and
scalable approach to idea funnel management,
prototyping, deployment and commercialization of
these technology solutions, eSTiP helps accelerate
the creation of innovative solutions that offer tangible
benefits to clients. We have partnerships with Sydney
Quantum Academy, the National University of Singapore
and the University of Calcutta to help accelerate the
development of the quantum technology ecosystem.
Intellectual Property
Effective intellectual capital management is critical to
the continued success and growth of HCLTech. Whether
we are working closely with our clients to translate their
requirements into tangible solutions or creating our
breakthrough products through targeted R&D investment
and strategic partnership models, we transform knowledge
into marketable and strategic assets. A total of 89 patents
were filed and 65 granted during FY25.
HCLTech s Value Creation Portal is a unique grassroots
innovation platform that enables employees to contribute
ideas and create value for its clients. In FY25, over
28,660 employees leveraged the platform, generating,
reviewing and approving over 17,300 ideas and
implementing more than 8,100 ideas that delivered
customer signed-off value worth $1.6 billion.
Technology Absorption, Adaptation and Innovation -
Annexure 4 to the Directors Report
Research and Development - Annexure 4 to
the Directors Report
BRSR Principle 2 - Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report
Noida, India
New Jersey, US
Customer Experience Centers
Sustainable Solutions
HCLTech s commitment to Green IT is evident in its efforts
to minimize the environmental impact of its IT operations.
The company prioritizes using energy-efficient hardware,
implements virtualization and cloud computing to reduce
physical infrastructure and adopts sustainable practices
in data centers. HCLTech has developed innovative
solutions like NIO, which leverages best-in-class advanced
technologies and analytical engines to optimize energy
consumption by any organization. Solutions such as the
Track and Trace IoT for optimizing delivery routes and AR
Remote Assist for facilitating remote site visits further
reduce fuel consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and
operational costs. Partnerships with AWS, Azure, SAP and
niche sustainability players like Waterplan, GoCodeGreen
and others enable us to design bespoke ESG solutions.
With our CloudSMART approach, we help clients reimagine
their cloud journey with a sustainability-first mindset.
Through these initiatives, HCLTech reduces its own carbon
footprint and helps clients achieve their sustainability
goals, reinforcing its position as a leader in environmental
responsibility and innovation.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Customer
Voice
Measurement
Analyze and
Implement
Solutions
CRISP
Driving
Continuous
Engagement
Enabling
Grassroot
Innovation
CREST
Engage
Value
Creation
Analyze Customer Voice
Action Plan Creation
Action Communication Closure
Action Tracking
Action Plan Assessment
Customer Advocacy Framework
PCSAT
Project-level Customer
Satisfaction Surveys
ACSAT
Account-level Customer
Satisfaction Surveys
Helping Clients Unlock Value
HCLTech drives digital transformation for its
clients through its full-stack portfolio, with AI at
the core. Our solutions unlock tangible business value,
boosting efficiency, improving customer experiences and
accelerating time-to-market. This helps global enterprises
stay ahead of the curve in a digital-first world.
Engagement with Clients to Foster Growth
and Innovation
HCLTech considers client engagement a strategic
collaboration to meet client expectations and foster
mutual growth. We have a dedicated Customer Advocacy
Group (CAG) for building and enhancing customer
relationships over their lifecycle.
Citizenship
Sustainable
Sustainable
procurement
Governance
Social and Relationship Capital
Material Topics
HCLTech follows an inclusive approach to business and ensures
IT engages all key stakeholders, fosters trust and builds long-term
relationships. Our approach of always being relevant to our clients
and partners and positively impacting local communities wherever
we operate reinforces HCLTech s responsible business ethos.
Corporate Overview

IT implements a comprehensive client feedback framework
that captures and facilitates actionable client insights. The
CAG also leads our Value Creation program, encouraging
employees to propose operational and transformational
ideas to exceed customer expectations.
CAG s customer advocacy framework consists of project-
level customer satisfaction surveys (PCSAT), account-
level customer satisfaction surveys (ACSAT), Customer
Relationship Improvement Solutioning Partnership (CRISP)
to act on client feedback and improve the relationship
and CREST, an initiative to enable a structured client
cadence mechanism across all HCLTech engagements.
Besides, we have a dedicated mobile app called Engage
for engagement with clients.
Strategic Partnerships and Ecosystem
Innovation
At HCLTech, our strategic partnerships with hyperscalers,
leading OEMs and ISVs form a robust global ecosystem.
The collaborative process of continuous innovation
allows us to deliver best-in-class solutions that
significantly accelerate digital transformation and
generate long-term value for our clients.
Our ecosystem strategy guarantees that all stakeholders,
including clients, partners and HCLTech, stay agile and
adapt quickly to this constantly changing landscape.
Internally, IT also focuses on upskilling our employees in
new technologies and collaborating with our partners. This
integrated approach has helped us stay ahead of the curve
in advanced fields like AI, where we have been working to
deliver ROI through our future-ready solutions since 2016.
Analyst Engagements that Yield Enhanced
Market Positioning
HCLTech maintains strong engagement with the global
analyst community through a structured, insight-driven
approach. In FY25, we conducted over 1,000 briefings, over
500 inquiries and workshops and more than 20 Analyst
Days across various verticals and regions. These efforts
deepened analyst relationships with a 44% increase in
leadership recognitions compared to FY24, with the count
rising from 285 to 411 leader ratings. HCLTech achieved
the highest number of Leader ratings in cloud services
assessments and was ranked with the highest number
of Leader ratings across all Gartner assessments.
We were also the only service provider rated Customers
Choice in 4 out of 5 Gartner Peer Insights Voice of the
Customer (VoC) reports across IT services markets
(as of April 2025). Additionally, HCLTech was named
a CX Star Performer in ISG s Star of Excellence for
GenAI services. These recognitions reflect HCLTech s
differentiated positioning, trusted delivery and client-
centric innovation across the industry.
Engagement with the Investor Community
HCLTech proactively engages with the investor community,
enabling them to have a deeper understanding of our
business. Our well-defined Investor Relations (IR) program
encompasses in-person and virtual meetings, Investor
Days and Annual General Meeting. This approach ensures
that the capital markets clearly understand our investment
proposition. Timely and transparent communication
are the hallmarks of our Investor Relations program.
Our consistent efforts have led HCLTech to be recognized
as the most decorated India-headquartered IT services
company in the Institutional Investor Research Annual
Asia Executive Team survey, with No. 1 rank in 21 categories,
including the Best CEO, Best CFO and Best IR Team,
in the Technology IT Services & Software sector.
Community Initiatives Drive Sustainable
Progress and Global Impact
HCLTech engages in community development initiatives
through HCLFoundation, which delivers the CSR agenda
of HCLTech, running impactful programs in education,
health, skill development, livelihood, environment and
disaster response. These initiatives have positively
impacted over 7.5 million people across India. For more
details on the programs and their impacts, read the
Corporate Social Responsibility section.
In addition to the HCLFoundation initiatives in India,
HCLTech contributes to community causes through
partnerships with development agencies, charitable
organizations and employee volunteering programs
outside India. Through the Climate Action Grant for
the Americas, HCLTech has committed $5 million in
grants over five years (from FY24) to support not-for-profit
organizations with innovative projects to combat climate
change and restore ecosystems and biodiversity across
the Americas.
Achieving Sustainable Business Growth
HCLTech s sustainable sourcing strategy integrates
environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria into its
procurement processes. The company prioritizes suppliers
who adhere to sustainable practices, ensuring that their
Zack Kass (R), AI Futurist and Ex-Head of GTM at OpenAI,
in conversation with C Vijayakumar, at WEF 2025
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Strategic Objective 4 - Management Discussion and Analysis
CSR Impact Assessment Report - Annexure 3
to the Directors Report
Conservation of Energy and Water - Annexure 4
to the Directors Report
Sustainability Best Practices and Initiatives - Annexure 4
to the Directors Report
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct and related policies -
Corporate Governance Report
BRSR Principles 1, 2, 4, 7, 8, 9 - Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
operations align with HCLTech s commitment to reducing
environmental impact and promoting ethical labor
standards. HCLTech monitors supplier performance and
compliance with sustainability benchmarks by leveraging
technology and data analytics. This approach minimizes
the carbon footprint and fosters a culture of transparency
and accountability within the supply chain. Additionally,
HCLTech collaborates with suppliers to innovate and
implement eco-friendly solutions, further enhancing the
sustainability of its products and services. Through these
efforts, HCLTech aims to create a resilient and responsible
supply chain that supports long-term business growth and
contributes to global sustainability goals.
Natural Capital
Climate change
Eco-efficiency
Material Topics
To maximize our contribution towards the United Nations
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we have woven sustainability
into our business strategy with three objectives in mind: to meet our
own sustainability goals, help our clients achieve their sustainability
goals and create a positive impact for all stakeholders. These objectives
are underpinned by our three guiding principles:
Our Leadership team at Investor Day 2024, Mumbai
Corporate Overview

Water Management
Through HCLFoundation, our initiatives have helped
recharge more ground water in India. We have managed
to recharge 31 times more water than we consume through
our efforts. This gives us a better understanding of the
scale of our initiatives.
26.1B
Liters water
Water bodies
revitalized
Structures created
for rainwater
harvesting
We are the first company headquartered in India to
join the Water Resilience Coalition and we endorse
the CEO Water Mandate, a collaboration between
the UN Global Compact (UNGC) and the Pacific
Institute, aimed at promoting corporate water
stewardship globally.
1,224,117
699,759
675,866
863,373
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
834,013
FY25
Water consumption (in Kiloliters)
737,685
FY24
Act
Acting in the most
responsible and sustainable
manner and ensuring every
resource is used efficiently
to maximize value.
Pact
Working for a sustainable
future in collaboration
with our clients, partners,
communities and all
stakeholders.
Impact
Focusing on
creating sustainable
impact through
all initiatives and
activities.
Greenhouse Gases (GHG) Emissions
Through strategic initiatives and proactive measures, we are ahead of our
planned emission reduction goals. We selected FY20 as our baseline for various
metrics, ensuring data integrity and alignment with our Net Zero target for 2040.
This approach, rooted in industry best practices and stakeholder engagement,
drives continuous improvement in energy management and sustainability
performance. Our GHG emissions calculations include a comprehensive range
of all sources aligned to international standards, allowing us to accurately
assess our environmental impact and develop targeted reduction strategies.
347,637
201,973
22,121
FY20
138,953
202,920
FY21
19,858
FY22
143,642
229,973
18,765
FY23
157,865
277,267
15,878
FY24
154,918
247,460
12,508
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions (MTCO2e)
Scope 3
in MTCO2e
Scope 2
(MTCO2e)
Scope 1
(MTCO2e)
FY25
109,074
269,567
12,900
Environmental Targets
50% reduction in
absolute Scope 1 and 2
emissions by FY30
Sourcing 80% of our
electricity from renewable
energy sources by the
year 2030
42% reduction in
absolute Scope 3
emissions by FY30
Eliminating waste to
landfill at all owned
facilities by FY25
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Energy Management
Our strategy on energy management is two-pronged,
first to reduce our energy consumption through energy
efficiency initiatives and then to source the energy
from renewable sources. Our energy consumption has
decreased by 29% in comparison to our baseline year
of FY20, with a notable 23% reduction in non-renewable
energy usage, signaling a strategic shift towards more
sustainable energy sources. Our utilization of renewable
energy during the same period has seen a 83% increase
in renewable energy consumption (against baseline FY20).
We prioritize building green infrastructure and
100% of our owned buildings hold Platinum
certification from Green Building Councils and over
13 million square feet of our space is recognized as
green by bodies like the US Green Building Council
(USGBC) and the Indian Green Building Council
(IGBC). All HCLTech campuses are LEED Platinum
certified by USGBC or IGBC. In addition to this,
Chennai, Bangalore, Madurai and Noida campuses
are also certified under ISO 50001: 2018 Energy
Management System.
1.88
1.26
1.08
1.00
0.90
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
0.80
FY25
Total energy consumption intensity GJ/Million INR
Plantation drive by HCLTechies
Strategic Objective 4 - Management Discussion and Analysis
Conservation of Energy and Water - Annexure 4
to the Directors Report
Sustainability Best Practices and Initiatives - Annexure 4
to the Directors Report
BRSR Principles 2, 6 - Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Waste Management
At HCLTech, we prioritize the 3Rs - Reduce, Recycle,
Reuse - in our waste management program, meticulously
measuring, categorizing and processing all waste
generated. We also engaged an independent third party
to conduct a detailed gap assessment study to improve
our existing waste management process.
In FY25, we received TRUE Zero Waste to Landfill
certification for all our campus facilities.
We also achieved 100% Platinum ratings
for all our campus facilities from GBCI.
Expanding our environmental stewardship beyond our
walls, we established a strategic partnership with the
Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority. Through
a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), we are actively
involved in the My Clean City program, dedicated to
fostering a circular economy. This initiative aims to
empower informal waste collectors, improve waste
segregation and enhance recycling processes.
Corporate Overview

One of the World's
Most Ethical
Companies for the
second year in a row
as per Ethisphere
No. 1
India-headquarered
company in TIME
magazine's World's
Best Companies 2024
Management
Discussion and
Analysis (MDA)
World s
fastest-growing
IT Services brand
in 2025
Highest
cumulative TSR
among peer
group for the
past decade
Total Contract
Value (TCV)
in net
new deal wins
$9.3B
Consolidated
revenue
4.7% YoY (CC)
$13.8B
Only service
provider to be
rated Customers
Choice in 4 out of 5
Garner Peer
Insights Voice of
the Customer (VoC)
repors across IT
services markets
(as of April 2025)

Business Highlights
In FY25, HCLTech demonstrated resilience and growth
supported by its diverse and all-weather portfolio despite
uncertainty in the global economy and geopolitics.
HCLTech reported a consolidated revenue of $13.8 billion
in FY25, an increase of 4.7% from the preceding year in
constant currency (CC). The growth is attributed to our
strategic emphasis on differentiated offerings, robust
client relationships, adaptability to market conditions
and ability to seize emerging opportunities. Earnings
Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) for the fiscal year
was at 18.3%, an improvement of 7 basis points (bps)
year-over-year (YoY). The net income was at $2.0 billion,
a 7.6% increase YoY and the net income margin was 14.7%.
Our Operating Cash Flow (OCF) and Free Cash Flow (FCF)
were $2.6 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively. The Return
on Invested Capital (ROIC) was 37.9%, up 411 bps YoY.
Our client base grew considerably across various
revenue categories in FY25.
HCLTech received several global recognitions in FY25,
the most notable being recognized as the No. 1 India-
headquartered company in TIME magazine s list of
World s Best Companies 2024 and one of America s
Most Reliable Companies 2025 by Newsweek.
Our innovative technology services and software
portfolio garnered over 400 leadership positions
in analyst recognitions and we were the only service
provider to be rated Customers Choice in 4 out of 5
Gartner Peer Insights Voice of the Customer (VoC)
reports across IT services markets (as of April 2025).
Brand Finance declared us the world s fastest-growing
IT Services brand in 2025, with our brand value
increasing by 17% YoY to $8.9 billion.
HCLTech was named a Top Employer by the Top
Employers Institute for the third consecutive year,
achieving top honors in North America, APAC and
Europe. Forbes recognized us as one of the World s
Best Employers for the fifth year in a row, making us
the only India-headquartered company in the
professional services category to consistently rank
among the global top ten. Sustainability remains at the
core of our operations, as evidenced by our Gold Status
from EcoVadis and recognition as one of Ethisphere s
2025 World s Most Ethical Companies for the second
consecutive year. HCLFoundation continues to drive
meaningful social change, impacting over 7.5 million
lives in India.
In the Institutional Investor Research Annual Asia
Executive Team Survey, HCLTech was the most
decorated India-headquartered IT services company,
achieving the No. 1 ranking in twenty-one categories
within the Technology IT Services & Software sector.
In FY25, we also celebrated the 25th anniversary of
our Initial Public Offering (IPO). We maintained industry
leadership in Total Shareholder Return (TSR), delivering
a compound TSR with a CAGR of 20.6% over the past
25 years since IPO, thereby enhancing shareholder value
and sustaining our leadership position among the peer
group for shareholder returns.
We grew significantly during periods of high discretionary
spending as well as during times when spending
softened during the last 25 years. Our superior execution,
irrespective of market conditions, positions us well for
growth, as reflected in our sustained robust performance
and decade-long industry-leading compound TSR.
This impressive performance over the years can be
attributed to several key factors. Our cultural DNA
instills a commitment to excellence in everything
we do. Our all-weather portfolio ensures resilience
through varying market conditions, while our emphasis
on client experience guarantees satisfaction and loyalty.
Our dedicated and talented people with their skills and
passion drive our achievements while a relentless focus
on profitable growth and enhanced efficiency ensures
success. Our approach to ESG (Environmental, Social
and Governance) integrates these considerations into
our decision-making processes. Lastly, a strong corporate
governance framework provides a solid foundation for
sustainable growth and ethical practices. Collectively,
these elements create a robust framework for continued
success. With our diverse portfolio, engineering expertise,
global presence, impeccable execution and trusted
brand, HCLTech is well positioned to cater to clients
evolving expectations and needs.
While we have recorded modest growth during
challenging market conditions, we grew the fastest
among our peers for the second year in a row. We are
actively working on improving our performance further,
especially towards larger market participation, higher
bookings and increased cost efficiency. While we
maintain strong relationships with many Global 2000
clients, there is a significant opportunity to expand
our client base within this universe. There is also an
opportunity to expand the universe itself. In this regard,
we are increasing our market participation in client
groups such as Global 2000 equivalents, emerging
companies and the public sector. We also believe
there is a scope to improve our bookings run rate.
Given the current trend of deal sizes becoming smaller
and tenures shorter, we are aligning the organization to
focus on winning more small and mid-sized deals with
a high chance of renewal. When achieved, an increase in
bookings will ensure sustained and sturdy growth year
after year. We have been diligently expanding the wallet-
share from our existing clients through cross-selling and
new propositions. To drive efficiencies and to improve
EBIT, we launched Project Ascend during the fiscal year.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Our Business
We are committed to supercharging progress, delivering
pioneering services and products that positively impact
our clients, employees, communities and the planet.
We are a full-stack global technology company
underpinned by a strong engineering DNA.
Our areas of expertise include AI & GenAI, Digital,
Engineering, Cloud and Software.
We operate our business and report financial
performance as three segments: IT and Business
Services (ITBS) and Engineering and R&D Services
(ERS), the two services businesses and HCLSoftware,
our products and platforms business. These segments
represent our primary lines of business comprising a
portfolio of offerings that collectively address our clients
traditional, transformational, modernization and future
needs. Structuring the business as segments provides
management and investors with a comprehensive market-
aligned financial view of our strategies and business
execution. In addition to reporting revenues by segment,
we also report revenue by geographic market and industry
group for our services business. Our go-to-market (GTM)
organization is structured around key industry verticals
of Financial Services, Manufacturing, Lifesciences &
Healthcare, Technology & Services, Public Services
(Energy & Utilities, Travel-Transport-Logistics and
Government), Retail & CPG and Telecommunications,
Media, Publishing & Entertainment.
HCLTech s services business, comprising IT and Business
Services (ITBS) and Engineering and R&D Services (ERS),
has seen a year-over-year revenue increase of 4.8% in CC,
with EBIT of 17.3%. Our Digital revenue has increased by
IT is an internal transformative initiative that aims to
improve the cost structure and drive efficiencies across
technology, the workforce and geographies to support
growth. More about Project Ascend later in this report.
In the near term, the technology services sector
may encounter some challenges due to uncertain
macroeconomic conditions globally. But the outlook
remains positive over the medium to long term as
technology intensity increases across the entire
global economy. The industry is adjusting to changes
in discretionary spending as clients develop their AI
investment plans. Although a short-term slowdown
may occur, the total addressable market for enterprise
IT services, which is the largest segment of enterprise
technology spending, is forecasted to be approximately
$1.5 trillion by 2028 with a CAGR of 4.9%.
Over the years, the global economy has seen significant
technological shifts, each benefiting us all significantly.
The current advancements in AI also represent a similar
but even more significant inflection point. AI, specifically
Generative AI (GenAI), is propelling growth and
transforming how we live, work and play. The traditional
services business model, which relies on increasing staff
to boost revenue, is at risk, being challenged by the rise
of AI. At the same time, there is a tremendous opportunity
to leverage AI to drive deeper and larger client
relationships as we partner to solve business problems.
Our early investment in AI gives us an edge to benefit
from today s fast-growing AI services market. We are
also exploring non-linear business models, with a focus
on industry-focused repeatable solutions, IPs and
services as software plays. We are well-positioned to
capitalize on these changes and maintain our leadership
position. Regardless of evolving market dynamics,
enterprises continue to seek strategic partners for
technology transformation, presenting substantial
opportunities for us to sustain our growth momentum.
HCLTech has emerged clearly as one of the top and
preferred global partners to enterprise clients.
8.6% YoY in CC and contributes to 39% of overall services
revenue. HCLSoftware s revenue has grown by 3.5% YoY in
CC, while achieving an EBIT of 26.6%, up 200 bps from the
previous year. The ROIC for Services was up by 376 bps at
45.5% and for HCLSoftware up by 370 bps at 19.9%.
IT and Business Services (ITBS)
ITBS offers a comprehensive suite of digital
transformation solutions in applications, infrastructure,
cloud, AI and digital process operations to cater to the
evolving needs of global enterprises. IT accounted for
73.8% of the company s revenue in FY25. ITBS revenue
grew 4.6% YoY in CC driven by all its service lines: Digital
Business Services (DBS), Digital Foundation Services (DFS),
Digital Process Operations (DPO) and HCLTech Career
Shaper . The EBIT margin for the fiscal year was 17.1%.
Digital Business Services (DBS) offerings include Digital
Consulting, Custom Application Services, Commercial
Application Services and Data & AI Services. In FY25,
the primary growth driver was Commercial Application
Services and Data and AI Services. While the former was
led by SAP and other platforms, the latter experienced
growth by helping enterprises modernize data, provide
actionable insights, scale AI, reduce tech debt and deliver
personalized experiences. The year was marked by multiple
wins, numerous accolades from partners and analysts and
the launch of labs and offerings, both independently and
in collaboration with strategic partners such as Microsoft,
SAP and others. Market trends indicate that businesses
are embracing autonomous enterprises, leveraging GenAI
for modernization, integrating unified DevOps platforms,
adopting people-centric frameworks and utilizing modern
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

partnerships and creating custom operating models
for future AI-led digital transformation.
HCLTech Career Shaper stands at the forefront of
our EdTech Business Services, driving innovation in talent
acquisition, transformation and mobility for enterprises,
educational institutions and government skill initiatives.
IT serves as a dynamic learning and assessment hub,
integrating advanced solutions to prepare the workforce
for the future. Career Shaper continues to expand its
impact globally, gaining momentum among G2000
enterprises, government bodies and higher education
institutions. The global EdTech market is expected to
grow fast, driven by factors such as the increasing shift
towards ebooks, the integration of AI and the rising
demand for distance learning, which in turn is boosting
adoption of innovative technologies and technology
spend. As organizations worldwide prioritize talent
readiness and digital transformation, we remain
committed to delivering impact, driving innovation
and unlocking new growth opportunities -
for enterprises, learners and stakeholders alike.
Engineering and R&D Services (ERS)
With its decades of engineering excellence, serves
as a trusted partner to more than 100 leading R&D
organizations across industries. ERS offerings comprise
Product Engineering, Digital Engineering, among others,
comprehensively covering the entire engineering
spectrum. ERS proprietary solutions and accelerators
such as CARE and iDoRAN have driven growth and
efficiency across healthcare, telecommunications and
technology verticals by improving operational efficiencies,
enhancing network performance and fostering innovation.
To strengthen our leadership and capitalize on global
market opportunities in the telecom engineering sector,
in FY25 we acquired select assets of Hewlett Packard
Enterprise s Communications Technology Group (CTG).
This strategic move aims to enhance HCLTech s telecom
services by drawing on CTG s top engineering talent
and advanced intellectual property.
In FY25, ERS achieved a revenue growth of 5.5% YoY
in constant currency and an EBIT of 18%. We received
multiple accolades, including being recognized as a
Leader in Everest Group s Semiconductor Engineering
Services PEAK Matrix Assessment 2024, underscoring our
leadership in engineering services. This performance was
driven by significant advancements in the semiconductor
and technology sectors, coupled with multiple deal wins
and renewals. Our collaborations with Microsoft, Google,
Meta, AWS and other partners resulted in new offerings,
several deal wins and an increase in our market presence.
The demand for outsourced engineering services
is healthy, led by semiconductors, technology and
healthcare sectors and driven by advancements in AI, 5G
and IoT. Based on the current growth trend, the market for
application development services. The market for DBS
offerings is projected to be around $600 billion by 2028
and the business is well-positioned to capitalize on the
above trends.
Digital Foundation Services (DFS) portfolio includes
Hybrid and Multicloud, Digital Workplace, NextGen
Networks, Cybersecurity and Governance, Risk &
Compliance (GRC), Unified Service Management and
Intelligent Operations. DFS has consistently delivered
market-leading results over the years, achieving robust
growth despite market fluctuations. In FY25, we won
multiple significant deals spanning end-to-end managed
services, mainframe as a service, managed network
services transformation and vendor consolidation,
among others. Leveraging hyperautomation, AI and GenAI,
we have successfully enhanced our service delivery and
improved our margins. Our focus on partnerships led to
our recognition as a strategic partner of various original
equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and hyperscalers,
strengthening our ecosystem. Leading analysts continue
to rate us as a leader across all Digital Foundation
Services. In fact, we are the only service provider to
be rated leader in all Gartner Magic Quadrants for DFS
offerings (see the Awards and Recognitions section).
Market momentum in the DFS space is expected to
be fueled by growth in managed services, especially
in cloud and edge environments, GPU as a Service, AI
and cybersecurity, with significant spending focused on
innovation and advanced solutions. Core services impetus
is anticipated from large cost-out deals and renewals.
The enterprise market for infrastructure services is
expected to grow to $400 billion by 2028. To continue
its growth momentum, DFS is enhancing AI, cloud and
cybersecurity services, focusing on innovation, operational
efficiency, service transformation, ecosystem collaboration
and emerging market needs.
Digital Process Operations (DPO) portfolio mix is
evolving. With a focus on AI-first and domain-intensive
services, the integrated technology-led digital operations
model aims to transform client operations across three
broad digital stacks: Digital Workforce, Digital Process
and Digital Technology. Digital Workforce is driven by our
digitalCOLLEAGUE (dC) platform, creating intelligent and
autonomous business operations that combine agentic
technologies and skilled professionals to generate value
for enterprises. In FY25, DPO experienced notable growth
and acclaim by leveraging our AI suite of offerings,
forming key partnerships and maintaining a robust global
delivery model, leading to high client satisfaction and
analyst recognition. DPO secured multiple contracts from
prominent enterprises across industries while renewing
and expanding existing partnerships. The business process
services market is projected to grow to $280 billion by
2028, primarily driven by technological advancements
and cost-efficiency demands. DPO will continue to
build differentiated solutions to drive intelligent and
self-evolving business processes by investing in modern
technologies, training employees, forging strategic
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Engineering Service Providers (ESPs) is expected
to potentially exceed $175 billion by 2028.
HCLTech ERS is committed to fostering growth
and sustaining its leadership position in the
global engineering services market.
HCLSoftware
Asia s largest enterprise software business, HCLSoftware,
is fueling the Digital+ Economy. As businesses across
all industries prioritize data, experience and operations
optimization, our portfolio offers solutions that enhance
data utilization, streamline workflows and improve
operational efficiency. In FY25, we curated and redefined
our offerings into distinct portfolio segments - Total
Experience, Business Applications & Industry, Data &
Analytics, Intelligent Operations, Security & Compliance,
Specialized Software and Sovereign Collaboration - to
provide solutions that align with evolving client needs,
fostering innovation and synergy across industries.
In FY25, HCLSoftware s revenue grew by 3.5% compared
to the previous year in constant currency. The Annual
Recurring Revenue (ARR) at the end of March 31, 2025,
was at $1.03 billion, an increase of 1.8% YoY in constant
currency and a robust EBIT margin of 26.6%. This success
resulted from our unwavering commitment to client
success, increasing adoption of our products and our
AI-led capability augmentation to our products.
Market trends indicate that enterprises are increasingly
leveraging AI and data intelligence to provide personalized
experiences while maintaining data governance and
cybersecurity. We are pushing the limits of innovation
to develop solutions that help our clients stay ahead by
integrating AI, GenAI and Agentic AI across our entire
product portfolio.
FY25 has been notable, with several major deals secured,
including the State Bank of India (SBI) deal. Our innovation
and new product features helped us win against intense
competition. A notable win was State Bank of India,
India s largest bank, choosing HCLSoftware to automate
its digital marketing using the HCL Unica Martech
platform. This aims to enhance customer interactions
and deliver hyper-personalized experiences while
ensuring data privacy.
We also launched new offerings, made over 130 products
releases and introduced initiatives to strengthen our GTM
ecosystem. We launched HCL Startup SYNC to boost
R&D with startups and expanded our Data and Analytics
portfolio by acquiring Zeenea, enhancing our metadata
management and data discovery capabilities. Prominent
analysts, including Gartner, IDC and Everest, have
recognized the significance and impact of our products.
The market that we currently participate in is expected
to be around $200 billion by 2028, growing at a low
double-digit CAGR. Looking ahead, we remain committed
to advancing and expanding our offerings to meet the
evolving needs of our clients.
Ecosystem
Our Ecosystem organization, while not a distinct
reportable segment, collaborates closely with all other
teams to deliver value to our clients. As an ecosystem
orchestrator, we provide our clients curated, best-in-class
components from a network of technology partners and
innovators, including platform, product, OEMs, cloud and
SaaS leaders. We work with many of the world s leading
technology providers and innovative startups to address
complex business challenges. HCLTech made noteworthy
progress in FY25, winning multiple deals through
partnerships with Microsoft, Google, AWS, SAP,
Intel and others. Notable accomplishments include
advancements in AI and cloud transformation, the
development of industry-specific AI solutions such
as InSight for Manufacturing and NetSight for Telecom
powered by Gemini and the creation of enterprise AWS
GenAI solutions that utilize a chat-based AI employing
large language models to streamline business processes.
HCLTech is collaborating with Microsoft on AI and data
modernization projects, including deploying Microsoft 365
Copilot and GenAI to enhance customer experiences, like
boosting fan engagement for Cricket Australia.
In partnership with SAP, we established the SAP Business
AI Innovation Lab in Germany to promote digital
transformation for clients. In FY25, HCLTech received
multiple recognitions, including the HPE Hybrid Cloud
Partner of the Year, Dell Technologies Global Alliances
Partner, Intel Epic Distinguished Supplier Award and
Cisco CX Hero Award. Future priorities involve leveraging
new AI capabilities and maintaining leadership in
AI-driven enterprise solutions by leveraging our
ecosystem partnerships.
AI and GenAI
The rise of GenAI coupled with the rapid democratization
of AI across industries has ushered in an unprecedented
era of productivity, efficiency and innovation for global
enterprises. HCLTech s AI and GenAI Practice assists clients
in navigating AI-enabled opportunities and challenges
through a practical portfolio of platforms and services.
In FY25, we witnessed a lot of traction on AI/GenAI-related
opportunities, winning many opportunities that allowed us
to deliver tangible value to our clients and gain recognition
from top analysts. Through its practical portfolio, HCLTech
aids clients in their AI journey with platforms such as
AI Force, which boosts software development and
engineering lifecycles, and AI Foundry, which simplifies
and scales enterprise AI with cognitive infrastructure.
HCLTech s AI Labs offer consulting and experimental
spaces, while AI Engineering supports chip design and
development. The AI Force platform is model agnostic
and has been integrated with Azure OpenAI, GitHub
Copilot, Anthropic Claude 3 in Amazon Bedrock and
Google Gemini. AI Foundry launched on Microsoft Azure
is enabling enterprises to combine their data and AI assets
with Microsoft s Azure Data & AI services to accelerate
their GenAI-driven transformation journeys and
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

time-to-value. We have opened AI Labs in key global
locations including Santa Clara (California), Austin (Texas)
and East Brunswick (New Jersey) in the US, Munich in
Europe and Singapore in Asia. This further expands our
presence outside of London in UK and Noida in India to
help clients accelerate their AI journey. In addition, our
partnerships with OEMs, hyperscalers, semiconductor
companies and AI innovators enable us to offer a
full-stack solution to our clients.
CloudSMART
HCLTech s CloudSMART is a comprehensive cloud
consulting and solutions platform designed to help
enterprises achieve profitability, revenue growth and
competitive differentiation. IT leverages the agility
and speed of cloud technology to enable advanced
technologies like GenAI and supports sustainability
targets. CloudSMART offers a framework for transforming
businesses by modernizing applications, optimizing data
management and enhancing network and infrastructure
operations. IT also focuses on security and governance,
making IT a robust solution for enterprises looking to
innovate and stay competitive.
Moving forward, we will continue to develop our offerings
in each of these segments to align with the business
outlook based on market trends and the evolving spending
patterns of clients. Our commitment to innovation and
excellence remains steadfast as we confidently pursue
our purpose of driving positive change, creating a better
future and accelerating progress.
Business Outlook
Technology and, therefore, the IT services market, is a key
growth driver of the global economy and is a multi-trillion-
dollar industry. IT has historically grown faster than the rest
of the economy and the trend is likely to continue over the
next decade. Enterprises recognize that technology has
transitioned from being merely an enabler to becoming
a strategic driver of growth. Today, technology is integral
to business outcomes and with the latest advancements,
pausing innovation is not an option for enterprises.
The rapid integration of AI, cloud computing and other
emerging technologies is reshaping industries and creating
new opportunities. Enterprises that adopt and invest in
these technologies quickly are likely to gain a competitive
edge, driving innovation and efficiency across sectors.
Thus, the IT services market is poised for expansion, driven
by technological advancements and clients increasing
reliance on technology to achieve business objectives.
Various practices within the IT services industry continue to
experience substantial growth. Identifying and capitalizing
on these opportunities can significantly enhance our
potential for growth. Key market opportunities include
Data and AI, enterprise business applications, cloud
migration, cybersecurity, Engineering and R&D,
business process services and verticals like Banking,
Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) and Telecom,
Media and Technology (TMT). These opportunities span
the service lines mentioned earlier. Additionally, horizontal
offerings like Data & AI encompass both infrastructure and
application services.
Data & AI is anticipated to grow at high teens
CAGR with the services market projected to
reach $150-170 billion by 2028. This encompasses
AI, GenAI and outsourced AI services that support
cloud and digital transformation, highlighting IT
as a substantial growth opportunity.
The enterprise business applications market
is expected to grow significantly, reaching
$350-370 billion by 2028 with a CAGR in the low
teens. Significantly, the SAP cloud platform services
market is expanding rapidly above 20% due to the
transition from SAP ECC (ERP Central Component)
to SAP S/4HANA, reflecting strong demand and
widespread adoption.
Cloud migration and cybersecurity present
substantial market opportunities. By 2028, IT is
estimated that 70% of tech workloads will operate
in a cloud-native environment, a significant increase
from 25% today. The security market demonstrates
promising growth, anticipated to expand at a high
teen rate over the next decade, underscoring the
increasing importance of cybersecurity.
The engineering and research and development
(ER&D) market for engineering service providers is
expected to be approximately $170 billion by 2028,
growing at an annual rate of 8%, driven by digital
engineering opportunities in sectors like telecom,
semiconductors, automotive and more.
The business process services market is projected
to reach $280 billion by 2028, driven by digital
business process-as-a-service (BPaaS) and AI,
with an anticipated CAGR of 5%. Business process
outsourcing continues to present substantial
growth opportunities as clients seek to leverage
advanced technologies for improved cost
efficiency, performance and quality.
The two largest verticals, Banking, Financial
Services, and Insurance (BFSI) and Telecom,
Media, and Technology (TMT), account for over
40% of the market. These sectors are expected
to maintain or exceed market growth rates
through 2028. They represent a significant share
of market expenditure and offer opportunities
for differentiation and growth.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

These market trends highlight the evolving role of
technology as a strategic driver of business growth
and innovation, prompting enterprises to partner with
technology providers and invest in AI, cloud, data, legacy
modernization and emerging technologies amidst
their cost optimization efforts. Moreover, the industry
is experiencing a paradigm shift towards non-linearity.
With the focus on revenue growth becoming independent
of headcount growth, intellectual properties (IPs),
outcome-based models and platform-based services
are becoming more prevalent. This presents service
providers with a significant opportunity to capitalize on
these developments by offering flexible business models
and innovative solutions and leveraging advanced
technologies to meet the growing demands of the market.
HCLTech is leading the industry with specific programs
to address these that can drive growth, enhance client
experience and solidify its leadership position.
Our top priority is developing
full-stack AI solutions to help
clients quickly go from idea to
MVP (minimum viable product) to
production. We are continuously
enhancing our portfolio of platforms
and services described earlier,
including AI Force, AI Foundry,
AI Labs and AI Engineering.
We are prioritizing
vertical digital engineering
opportunities across sectors
such as telecommunications,
semiconductors and automotive,
as these verticals are seen as key
areas for growth within
the ERS segment.
Expanding market participation in
Focus and New Frontier markets,
such as Germany, France, Japan,
Mexico, Brazil and others is a
strategic goal. We have made
impressive progress in these
markets over the past few years
and we plan to continue
expanding our participation.
The cybersecurity services
industry has been experiencing
significant growth, with expansion
rates surpassing 20%. We intend
to capitalize on this trend to
further our expansion and
increase our market share
in the cybersecurity sector.
We aim to target current and
future Global 2000 companies,
their equivalents and emerging
enterprises as a source of growth.
We seek to be the preferred digital
and AI partner for these entities
and continue to expand our target
client base.
We aim to deliver industry-
leading growth by leveraging
our strengths, creating industry-
differentiated propositions and
deepening client engagements
through integrated offerings
across our services.
Full-stack AI solutions enabled
by AI Force and AI Foundry
Vertical digital engineering
opportunities:
Expanding market participation in
Focus and New Frontier markets
Continue growth leadership
in BFSI and TMT
Take advantage of growth
in cybersecurity services:
Growth through G2000
equivalents and Future G2000
Key Growth Vectors
We have identified 12 key growth vectors or near-term priorities to capitalize on the market opportunities and to sustain
our growth leadership. We believe these key vectors encompassing various strategic areas will provide the necessary
momentum for our growth and we are making substantial progress around each of them.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

We continue to enhance our
capabilities in the enterprise
applications space with a key focus
on SAP. We have strengthened our
partnership with SAP, establishing a
migration factory for efficient S/4HANA
and cloud migrations. This collaboration
aims to simplify and accelerate SAP
transformations for clients. Additionally,
the acquisition of Star Schema in
2022 and the enhancement of related
capabilities enable us to advance our
focus on data and AI.
We have been always leveraging an
engineering-led approach for Digital
Process Operations (DPO) to transform
the traditional labor-intensive business
process outsourcing (BPO) model.
We believe we now have a competitive
advantage in the AI era leveraging
GenAI to drive 30%-50% efficiency
gains through optimized processes
and automation. IT is anticipated that
platform-led DPO will become one
of our fastest-growing businesses.
While this is an enabling trend, we are
starting to see the business benefit of
being recognized by Brand Finance as the
world s fastest-growing IT services brand
in 2025. The brand plays a critical role in
attracting new clients and retaining existing
ones as well as in energizing employees.
This has played a role in improving market
perception and influencing many new
clients to seek our services, guided by their
advisors and partners.
We integrated our ITBS and ERS
sales teams to form a unified services
go-to-market (GTM) structure, which
significantly enhances client relations,
service capabilities and cross-selling
opportunities. This strategic move aims
to better understand client challenges,
offer comprehensive solutions and
increase our wallet share, while
simplifying the management of multiple
vendors for clients. This has become a
growth vector on its own as we are able
to offer better integrated solutions.
Differentiated challenger in SAP, other
enterprise applications, Data & AI, etc.:
Gain share in DPO through an
engineering-led approach:
Supercharging Progress as the
fastest-growing IT services brand:
Integrated services
GTM organization
We aim to consolidate our leadership
in infrastructure services by developing
market-leading offerings, particularly
in cloud modernization. Cloud
transformation remains a promising
opportunity, especially with AI-led
opportunities, for us to help clients
fully leverage modern cloud
capabilities and build scalable,
future-ready environments.
We are expanding our partner
ecosystem beyond the top technology
companies, OEMs and hyperscalers
to address new opportunities in the AI
era. We currently have several strategic
partners but are developing a broader
set of partnerships to create attractive
propositions. By collaborating with a
diverse range of partners, we aim to
improve our strategic offerings and
strengthen our market position.
Collectively, these key vectors are poised to help HCLTech sustain the growth leadership IT has achieved over the past
few decades, ensuring continued success and innovation in the future. Alongside these vectors, Project Ascend, an internal
transformative initiative aimed at achieving margin expansion to fund growth is being implemented. IT focuses on improving
operational efficiencies and leveraging advanced technologies to meet these goals. The project encompasses several key
aspects, such as using GenAI to transform delivery processes, leveraging AI for automation and using solution accelerators to
streamline processes and enhance efficiency. IT also plans for strategically deploying new talent to optimize resource utilization,
implementing global delivery models to improve service delivery and operational efficiency by growing nearshore and offshore
locations. Additionally, we aim to leverage GenAI to optimize our general and administrative spending, to expand work from
prime locations to New Vistas, which are sites located in smaller urban areas across India, the US and Europe. The efficiencies
gained will be partly used to offset costs related to investments in GenAI solution development and the increase in sales
headcount to enhance market participation. We are confident that our key vectors combined with Project Ascend will help
us achieve our medium-term strategic objectives.
Consolidate our infrastructure
leadership via cloud modernization:
Larger partner ecosystem
beyond OEMs and hyperscalers:
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Medium-Term Strategic Objectives
In FY22, we announced five medium-term Strategic
Objectives (SOs) to accelerate our progress. Over this
period, we have made considerable progress towards
achieving these objectives. As we evolve in an ever-
changing environment, remaining relevant requires
us to continuously reassess and refine our SOs. In FY25,
we appended our existing SO on leadership in market
offerings to leverage our engineering pedigree, as we
strongly believe this differentiates us and is highly
valued by our clients as IT forms a core part of our value
proposition. The revised version reads Leadership through
differentiated services and products leveraging our
engineering pedigree. Similarly, in alignment with our
Leadership through differentiated
services and products leveraging our
engineering pedigree
Strategic Objective 1
Achieving leadership in technology requires creating
relevant, differentiated services and products that
meet the evolving needs of enterprises. HCLTech
continues to lead technological innovation, affirming
our position as a trusted partner in the global technology
sector. Our leadership position is powered by our
industry-leading capabilities centered around AI
and GenAI, digital, engineering, cloud and software,
coupled with a broad portfolio of technology services,
products, IPs, accelerators and, most importantly,
an engineering mindset.
Our strong engineering DNA is at the heart of
our differentiated services and product offerings.
Our reputation for having an exceptional engineering
heritage, combined with an art of the possible approach,
has enabled us to create and deliver unique solutions
that effectively address our clients needs.
Clients increasingly recognize the value of an engineering
mindset in developing and delivering technology solutions.
Our approach to strengthening our leadership
position includes continuously evolving our services and
software portfolio, embedding AI/GenAI in all our offerings,
developing industry-specific technology offerings, forging
strategic partnerships with the ecosystem, acquiring
specialized capabilities and more, while leveraging
our over four-decade-old engineering pedigree.
On AI & GenAI, we started our journey early as an
engineering company and that has given us a head-start
to provide our clients with offerings that deliver real value.
Our pragmatic and focused portfolio of platforms and
services span AI Force, a GenAI platform; AI Foundry,
a set of system integration and managed services; AI Labs,
offering consulting services and experiential spaces to
aspiration to enhance our market participation and be the
preferred partner to our clients, we modified our objective
to be a preferred digital partner to clients to include AI. With
the level of automation and innovation possible using AI, we
believe we are in a position to address the needs of G2000
equivalent and emerging companies. Our revised SO is now
Preferred digital and AI partner for Global 2000, equivalent
and emerging enterprises in chosen markets. Finally, we
added the phrase Continue to to the existing objective
on shareholder returns as we have consistently delivered
top-quartile TSR in the past and intend to continue pursuing
IT. Now IT reads Continue to deliver top-quartile TSR (Total
Shareholder Return) over the medium term. The rest of this
section is devoted to discussing our progress on the SOs.
Leadership through
differentiated
and products
leveraging our
pedigree
Preferred digital and
AI partner for Global
2000, equivalent,
and emerging
enterprises in
chosen markets
Weave ESG
(environmental,
social and
governance)
into business
Strategy
Employer of
choice for
professional
services talent
across chosen
geographies
Continue to
deliver top-
quartile TSR
(total shareholder
return) over the
medium-term
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

help clients swiftly go from idea to MVP to the production
scale; and AI Engineering for chip design, development and
tape-out. HCLSoftware is pushing the limits of innovation
by integrating AI, GenAI and Agentic AI across their product
portfolio to help businesses stay ahead in an ever-evolving
market. Multiple analyst recognitions for our AI/GenAI
solutions, including an endorsement from Technology
Business Research (TBR) of our AI Force platform,
underscore the positive impact our services and
products are making.
To strengthen our leadership in the telecom sector,
we acquired certain assets of Hewlett Packard Enterprise s
Communications Technology Group (CTG) and gained a
portfolio of service offerings that includes industry-leading
IPs, specialized Engineering and R&D talent and access
to top global communication service providers (CSPs).
We also acquired Zeenea, an innovator in data catalog
Employer of choice for professional
services talent across chosen geographies
Talent is crucial to success in the technology industry.
Companies that attract, train and retain skilled employees
will continue to grow. The IT services industry is navigating
a complex landscape where technological advancements,
particularly in AI, are driving productivity and altering talent
requirements. Organizations are responding by ramping
up hiring of talent with higher expertise across levels,
including fresh graduates, and offering them opportunities
to work on AI that attracts and retains top talent.
For HCLTech, a strong talent strategy is essential to
meeting client needs. Our skills-first talent management
approach orchestrates the various talent sub-functions
towards this objective. Recognition of the maturity of
this successful multi-faceted approach in external
benchmarks ensures we remain a top employer globally.
The success of our talent strategy is reflected in our
headcount, people metrics and recognition. As of March
31, 2025, our team comprises 223,420 employees across
60 countries and includes 167 nationalities. Our IT services
voluntary attrition rate stands at 13.0%, one of the lowest
in the industry. Recognized for our successful approach,
we have been named Global Top Employer by Top
Employers Institute for three consecutive years, achieving
top honors in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific - our
three primary regions of operation. Additionally, we were
recognized in Forbes World s Best Employers list for the
fifth consecutive year and were recognized as the highest-
ranked India-headquartered company in TIME magazine s
World s Best Companies 2024.
Our proactive people strategy, focused on hiring the
right talent, customized learning, workforce agility and
employee well-being, helps us be an employer of choice
and one of the best places to work, as well as cater to
client needs more effectively. Priorities that have been
key to our success include attracting Gen Z and
developing entry-level talent. Currently, over 25% of our
workforce comprises this generation and our TechBee
program has been a significant contributor. Developing
local talent through New Vistas and nearshore programs
expand our talent access beyond traditional IT hubs in
India and worldwide. Our New Vistas locations in India now
represent over 15% of our India headcount as we continue
to ramp up. We also continue to witness higher retention
rates in these locations. This year we have expanded our
New Vista locations by opening centers in Kochi and
Patna in India. We are effectively managing the careers of
employees - entry-level, laterals and rebadged - through
personalized career development paths, curated training
programs and initiatives like MentorMe, TalentXchange and
Aspire. Multiple awards from Brandon Hall Group, Business
World HR Excellence Awards 2024, SHRM HR Excellence
Award 2024 and People First HR Excellence Awards 2024
affirm our effective People strategy.
Considering the criticality of building the next level
talent at scale and at the right cost, the organization
has refreshed its operating model around well-defined
capabilities and skills. These capability units serve as
the base structure that anchors employee development,
talent mobility, career growth and selection of right
Strategic Objective 2
and governance solutions based in Paris, to enhance
HCLSoftware s Data & Analytics offerings.
Increasing global clients and C-suite references,
consistent delivery of successful transformation and
revenue growth and recognition from leading industry
analyst firms like Gartner, Forrester, IDC, Everest, Avasant,
HFS, ISG, Zinnov and others are all strong testaments
to our unwavering commitment to Leadership through
differentiated services and products leveraging our
engineering pedigree. The most important of these
recognitions is our position as the only service provider
to be rated Customers Choice in 4 out of 5 Gartner
Peer Insights Voice of the Customer (VoC) reports
across IT services markets (as of April 2025). This and
many other accolades affirm our strategic progression
and technological prowess, highlighting our ability to
consistently deliver exceptional value and innovation
across various service lines and industries year-over-year.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

external talent, while the delivery units maximize delivery
execution, client-centricity and client wallet share
expansion. Each of the capability units is aligned
with our business strategies and our talent.
Apart from building hi-tech solutions for our clients,
we leverage technology to empower our people
and functions. For instance, we use GenAI in talent
management, enhancing our ability to staff, engage
and grow. Our AI-powered Talent Navigator platform
has enhanced the hiring process by enabling data-driven
decisions. IT automates tasks, boosts internal mobility and
reduces time-to-hire, driving measurable business impact.
Our MentorBot, a GenAI-powered virtual mentor, helps
employees with work challenges and dilemmas, acting
as a personal coach to enhance their experiences.
We believe that the intersection of AI and human
collaboration is where value creation gets unlocked.
We empower individuals at all levels to harness innovative
AI technologies to develop their skills, gain a competitive
advantage and unlock their true potential.
Our priorities going forward will continue to strengthen
how we hire, train and deploy our talent aligned to
our strategy. Specifically, next year s focus will be on
building skills and talent for an AI-first future. We intend
to do this through our refreshed operating model that
places skills at the center of talent decision-making.
We are increasing the transparency of data about skills,
proficiencies, deployment and its linkage to rewards
and progression to all employees. Our entry-level talent
and proactive hiring strategy will focus on specialization
through upskilling to build future skills at scale.
The refreshed operating model opens an opportunity
to look at roles and organizational hierarchies to create
a more market-agile and customer-centric organization.
To deliver people services, we will continue to expand
the use of data science, AI and GenAI thoughtfully and
responsibly across employee and talent supply chains.
Preferred digital and AI partner for
Global 2000, equivalent, and emerging
enterprises in chosen markets
HCLTech aims to be the preferred digital and AI partner
for Global 2000, equivalent and emerging enterprises.
To cater to our desired clients better, we have structured
our go-to-market (GTM) organization around industry
verticals and geographies. We primarily go to market
as per the following verticals: financial services,
manufacturing, life sciences & healthcare, technology
& services, public services, retail & CPG and
telecommunications. We categorize geographical
markets into Core, Focus and New Frontier based on
size, growth stage, technology spend and participation
rate. Core markets represent regions that are large
technology markets where HCLTech already has a
durable base. Focus markets represent geographies
where technology spending is significant and where
enterprises are increasing their outsourcing and
adaptation of new delivery models. New Frontier
markets are the fast-growing economies with
growing technology markets, especially digital spend.
This strategic segmentation helps target regions and
clientele with significant technology consumption and
potential for growth. About 70% of large enterprise IT
spending is attributed to the G2000, equivalent and
emerging firms and over 85% of global technology
expenditure comes from just 20 countries/regions,
underlining the importance of these clients and markets.
To capitalize on the growing demand from the Public
Sector and reinforce our leadership position, in FY25,
we established HCLTech Public Sector Solutions (PSS),
a subsidiary dedicated to serving state and local
government and education (SLED) organizations
as well as federal civilian and defense agencies in
the US. This enhances our public sector presence and
positions us to drive AI-led technology transformation
for government agencies.
In FY25, HCLSoftware reorganized its go-to-market
(GTM) structure into five regions - Americas, Europe,
APJ (Asia-Pacific and Japan), India and MEA
(Middle East and Africa) to enhance software sales
and customer retention. HCLSoftware has further
strengthened its network, which includes over 1,000
channel partners and strong relationships with GSI
partners to support indirect sales.
We continue to grow our desired client base and wallet
share by prioritizing client experience, offering a diverse
range of services and products, employing an engineering-
led approach to problem-solving and focusing on the
art of the possible, which delivers real value to our clients.
Our revenue comes from a healthy mix of clients across
industry verticals and geographies. We recorded a total
contract value (TCV) of $9.3 billion in net new deal wins
in FY25.
Strategic Objective 3
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

As a trusted technology partner, HCLTech aligns with
enterprise strategic goals and leverages its deep technical
expertise to offer innovative solutions that address clients
business challenges. Our proven track record of success
instills confidence in our clients, while our experience and
domain knowledge enable us to deliver tailored solutions
effectively. Furthermore, our shared vision and relationship
beyond contract philosophy ensure that our technology
solutions remain efficient and aligned with enterprise
goals, thereby supporting long-term growth and success.
HCLTech understands the key tenets of becoming a
preferred partner and has refined each of them over
the years to better serve our clients.
To become the preferred digital and AI partner for
our clients, we prioritize enhancing our leadership
with unique services and products and partnerships
with top technology firms to develop exclusive
intellectual properties and solutions that accelerate
client transformations. We consistently listen and learn
from our clients through our global
Client Advisory Boards (CAB) and programs like CREST
(client cadence governance program), which keep us
ahead of the curve. Our passion for client satisfaction
ensures our ACSAT (account-level client satisfaction
indices) scores and our total client experience index
continue to be in the top quartile.
Furthermore, we continue to expand our go-to-market
organization and increase our sales presence to serve
clients better and boost market participation, leverage
our brand and strengthen relationships with advisors
and analysts. We are expanding our Customer Experience
Centers (CECs) that offer a bespoke HCLTech experience
through immersive demos and interactive journeys. These
centers, equipped with advanced technology, provide
personalized walkthroughs to enhance client engagement
and showcase HCLTech s offerings. These efforts are
supported by our commitment to continuous innovation
and improvement, ensuring that we stay ahead of industry
trends and deliver innovative solutions to our clients.
Client mix by revenue contributions
FY25 contributions across verticals
12.9%
Telecommunications, Media,
Publishing & Enterainment
8.3%
Public Services
15.9%
Lifesciences
and healthcare
14.6%
Technology
and services
9.7%
Retail & CPG
18.5%
Manufacturing
20.1%
Financial services
Client category
FY24
FY25
$100 million+
$50 million+
$20 million+
$10 million+
$5 million+
$1 million+
in constant currency
Services revenue
growth was led by
USA
5.2%
Europe
5.2%
HCLTech s
services revenue
growth of 4.8%
had significant
contributions from
all major verticals
Telecommunications, Media,
Publishing & Entertainment
43.4%
Retail and CPG
10.7%
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Weave ESG (environmental, social and
governance) into business strategy
Our ESG governance strategy, based on Act, Pact, Impact,
drives us to act responsibly, collaborate with stakeholders
and create lasting positive impact. These principles guide
us toward a sustainable and ethical future. As a part
of our net-zero strategy, we are committed to limiting
greenhouse gas emissions aligned to the 1.5oC pathway
by 2030 and to achieving net zero by 2040. Through our
strategic initiatives towards our environmental goals, we
have achieved 100% TRUE Zero Waste to Landfill Platinum
certification for all campuses in India and reduced our
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 46% from our baseline of
FY20. Through our community-based initiatives, we have
developed 358 water structures and rejuvenated 265
water bodies, replenishing 31 times the water we consume
across India. Our unwavering commitment to sustainability
has earned us prestigious accolades. HCLTech was ranked
the No. 1 India-headquartered company in TIME magazine s
World s Best Companies in 2024. EcoVadis awarded us
Gold for our advanced sustainability performance and
MSCI rated us AA . We have also been recognized as
one of the world s most ethical companies by Ethisphere
for the second year in a row. HCLTech is a constituent
company in FTSE4Good for more than 5 years, and for
the third consecutive year, we have been included in the
S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for our transparent
communication of ESG data and processes (for more
information, please refer to our Sustainability Report).
HCLTech integrates corporate social responsibility (CSR)
into the core of its business, aiming to contribute to
the socioeconomic and environmental advancement
of the planet while adhering to the United Nations
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our global CSR
policy centers on the environment, health, education and
disaster risk reduction and response. HCLFoundation
has driven our CSR efforts in India, investing over $202
million to date to impact more than 7.5 million lives
positively. By building ecosystems of impact, our initiatives
have made a significant mark on the global landscape,
supporting multiple social initiatives worldwide. HCLTech s
commitment to climate action extends to the Americas,
where Argilando (Brazil) emerged as the recipient of the
inaugural HCLTech Grant for Climate Action (Americas).
In the second edition too, the initiative has received a
highly encouraging response. Through this grant, HCLTech
has committed $5 million over five years to support NGOs
dedicated to combating climate change and restoring
ecosystems and biodiversity across the Americas region.
To cater to our clients needs better, we have
strategically realigned our sustainability offerings to
address the growing market demands for sustainability
solutions. Our current offerings include Sustainable
Product Engineering, Sustainable Operations & Supply
Chain, Energy Transition & Electrification, Sustainable
IT and Sustainable Finance. The acquisition of ASAP
Group has strengthened our sustainable mobility-
related engineering services, particularly in advanced
technology and testing capabilities in e-mobility
and connectivity across Europe and other key global
markets. Our Eco Design Advisory Services combine our
strong product engineering heritage with design for
sustainability principles to facilitate eco-design in client
design processes. Through AI for Sustainability, we build
custom models addressing key ESG use cases such as
ecosystem integrity monitoring and patient assistance
chatbots. Furthermore, we are focusing on the CleanTech
business to underscore our commitment to innovative and
sustainable technological advancements. HCLTech has
been positioned as a Leader in Everest Group s Sustainable
Engineering Services PEAK Matrix Assessment for 2025.
Additionally, HCLTech s Aquasphere solution received the
SAP Pinnacle award in the Social Impact Category. These
accolades underscore HCLTech s unwavering commitment
to excellence in sustainable services.
Strategic Objective 4
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Continue to deliver top-quartile TSR (total
shareholder return) over the medium-term
HCLTech is one of the Top 5 IT services companies globally
by market capitalization, exceeding $50 billion thanks to
our investors trust in our differentiated offerings, strong
client base, ability to deliver and governance. HCLTech
is committed to delivering top-quartile TSR and we have
delivered the highest compound TSR among our peer
group for the past decade, showcasing our dedication
to long-term value creation.
Our simple formula for delivering superior TSR
performance includes driving profitable growth,
expanding profitability, enhancing cash generation,
improving capital allocation and strengthening our
governance practices. We use this formula to review
every business decision we make.
Our sustainable growth strategy focuses on capturing
opportunities globally and in FY25, we secured new deals
TCV worth $9.3 billion. In the fast-changing technological
landscape, our priorities include offering a range of
differentiated products and services, targeting the right
clients and markets, enhancing our domain capabilities
and prioritizing client satisfaction. By staying relevant
and integrating GenAI offerings, we have increased client
trust and expanded our wallet share across service lines.
Over the past decade, we achieved a CAGR of 10% in
constant currency, consistently outperforming the industry.
Our commitment to increasing profitability is driven
by a multifaceted approach. Offering differentiated
services and products and targeting the right clients and
markets ensures better margins. We maintain an efficient
workforce pyramid with a focus on entry-level hiring and
improving utilization through expedited onboarding and
timely training. This approach, coupled with upskilling and
reskilling for future technologies, enhances our workforce s
efficiency. Leveraging automation tools, AI/GenAI-based
solutions and software, we minimize manual efforts
and drive operational efficiency. Expanding nearshore
delivery locations allows us to work closely with clients
and mitigate operational risks. Our New Vistas program
enhances employee retention by offering work flexibility.
These initiatives collectively optimize our cost structure,
improve operational efficiencies and enhance service
delivery, resulting in improved margins and a stronger
financial position that enables reinvestment in growth
opportunities. Our EBIT and NI for this fiscal year are
$2.5 billion and $2 billion, representing an increase
of 4.7% and 7.6%, respectively.
Enhancing our cash generation has been a priority,
achieved through superior working capital management,
improving Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) and other
processes related to the cash conversion cycle.
By streamlining our invoicing processes and proactive
collections, we have significantly improved our cash inflow
and reduced working capital requirements. Our asset-light
approach, with minimal CAPEX investment requirements,
further bolsters free cash flow, enabling us to maintain
robust liquidity. This effective cash conversion has not
only strengthened our liquidity but also contributed to
an industry-leading average FCF/NI conversion rate of
127% over the last five years. Looking ahead, we anticipate
maintaining this strong cash conversion, ensuring
continued financial stability and growth.
HCLTech s prudent capital allocation strategy is focused
on enhancing shareholder value through meticulous
planning and strategic investments. By maintaining a
strong focus on return ratios and continuously improving
Free Cash Flow (FCF), the company ensures that its
financial foundation remains robust. This allows for both
organic and inorganic growth opportunities, dividends,
share buybacks (if needed) and a healthy balance
sheet. Investments are prioritized in high-growth areas
such as AI/GenAI, digital, engineering, cloud services,
cybersecurity, semiconductor and telecom, aligning
with long-term strategic objectives.
The company s commitment to improving Return on
Invested Capital (ROIC) is shown by our consistent yearly
increases in overall ROIC. For FY25, IT was 37.9%, up 411
bps YoY. The ROIC for HCLTech Services and HCLSoftware
are 45.5% and 19.9%, respectively. By maintaining a strong
focus on return ratios, we ensure that our investments
generate significant value for our shareholders. Notably,
the HCLTech Board s announcement in October 2021 of
a five-year plan to allocate at least 75% of net income to
investors from FY22 to FY26 underscores this dedication
to providing consistent and attractive returns. In FY24 and
FY25, the company had a payout ratio of 89.6% and 93.5%,
respectively. This disciplined approach ensures that capital
Strategic Objective 5
37.9
33.8
30.4
28.9
27.7
FY25
FY24
FY23
FY22
FY21
ROIC (In %)
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

allocation decisions are made with sustainable growth
and shareholder value in mind, positioning HCLTech
for continued success.
HCLTech values regular communication with investors
and analysts, making IT a cornerstone of our governance
philosophy. We recognize the significant contributions
that investors and analysts bring to our business strategy
through their valuable insights. To demonstrate our
commitment to market engagement, we continuously
benchmark and improve our disclosure norms, ensuring
transparency and fostering trust. We also host regular
sessions with investors and analysts. We hosted the
latest one on August 28, 2024, at Mumbai, India and
the presentation is available in our investor website.
Our commitment to growth, profitability, cash generation,
return ratios, prudent use of capital and strong governance
will help us continue to deliver top-quartile TSR.
Risk Management
HCLTech recognizes the critical role of risk intelligence
and management in achieving its strategic objectives,
enhancing stakeholder value, maintaining strong
governance, building business resilience and delivering
high-quality services to its clients. Our Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) is based on the ISO 31000:2018
Risk Management standard and the COSO ERM
Integrated Framework. This enables us to systematically
and proactively identify, assess, mitigate, monitor and
report on enterprise risks that may impact our strategic
and business objectives while maintaining the highest
standards of corporate governance.
We use an integrated risk intelligence framework to
monitor and manage internal and external risks. We use
PESTLE (political, economic, social, technological, legal,
environmental) analysis to prepare for regulatory changes,
socio-political shifts and emerging global challenges.
This comprehensive approach enables us to navigate
the various risks that could affect our strategic plans
and business.
Risk Governance and Oversight
Our risk management organization integrates risk
management practices seamlessly with our business
strategy and operations:
Leadership and Framework: The Board of Directors
and the Risk Management/Audit Committee lead the
Risk Governance and Oversight function. They are pivotal
in framing and reviewing our ERM policy and identifying
and assessing HCLTech s key business risks.
Shared Responsibility: Senior executives and employees
collectively bear responsibility for risk management.
The ERM initiative is driven by the Risk and Compliance
Apex Committee (RCAC), the Chief Risk Officer,
a dedicated working group and designated risk
owners across the organization.
Role of Risk Owners: Usually senior executives from a line
of business (LOB) or corporate function, risk owners are
responsible for mitigating specific risks. They implement
mitigation strategies, coordinate risk management
activities across their LOBs, functions and geographies
and ensure efficient information flow to the working group.
HCLTech Cumulative TSR
1 year
10%
70%
150%
230%
310%
390%
2 years
4 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 years
10 years
7.3%
57.4%
50.9%
82.8%
314.5%
233.9%
269.1%
303.3%
341.9%
270.6%
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Risk Governance Structure
Board of
Directors
Risk Governance
and Oversight
Risk Committees
and Management
Risk
Ownership
Audit Committee
and Risk Management
Committee
Risk and Compliance
Apex Committee (RCAC),
Chief Risk Officer
Tone at the top
Transparent risk oversight
Setting culture toward effective risk management
Review the risk appetite of the company on a periodic basis
Review the adequacy of risk management system
Monitoring the environment for risks and opportunities
Assist the Board in framing, implementing and monitoring ERM plan
Lead the risk management initiative
Ensure key risks are brought down to acceptable levels
Assist the Board and the Executive management in determining
organization s ERM objectives and direction
Implement risk reporting mechanism
Facilitate execution of ERM practices in the enterprise
Working with business and risk owners in deploying
mitigation strategies
Periodic update to the executive management
Timely updates and review of risk register
Implement risk management initiative based on
management directions
Ensure preparation of suitable mitigation plan
Working Group
Line of Business - Risk Owners
HCLTech classifies its risk universe into five principal categories: Strategic, Financial, Cyber and Resilience, Operational
and Governance and Compliance, as depicted in the accompanying graphic. Below, we discuss the primary risks within
each category along with their respective mitigation measures.
HCLTech s Risk Universe
Financial
Cyber &
Resilience
Strategic
Governance &
Compliance
Operational
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Strategic Risks
Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Business Model
HCLTech operates in a fast-paced
industry. An inability to keep up with
changing client needs, attract quality
talent and adapt to evolving operating
models can affect business growth.
Moreover, emerging technologies such
as GenAI pose a threat to the existing
business model and an opportunity
to offer new services.
Our strategy office has developed a Strategic Risk &
Opportunity Management (SROM) framework that helps
to scan signals and identify risks and opportunities ahead
of time. Such signals are evaluated for their strength,
scope of impact, time horizon to impact etc. and are then
planned through a strategic planning process and enabled
for execution. Over the past few years, several key strategic
initiatives across offerings, corporate functions, geo
expansions, etc., have emanated from this framework.
Portfolio
Concentration
HCLTech recognizes the risks
associated with being concentrated
in certain business segments, industry
sectors and geographic regions.
Any negative event impacting these
areas could have a material impact
on the company s performance.
As a best practice, we assess our portfolio for concentration
risk at regular intervals on various dimensions. We use
diversification as one of the key tools to mitigate risk and
propel growth. Our recent geographic, vertical and client
market expansions have been driven by this approach.
We try to maintain a healthy balance and avoid over-
dependency across dimensions like verticals, clients,
geographies and business segments. For example, our
client base and revenue share across verticals are well
spread. Top twenty clients contribute around 30% of our
revenue and we have about 950 clients each offering over
$1M. Many of these clients are G2000 or equivalent, giving
us the opportunity to expand wallet share and mitigate
concentration risk. We have reduced regional dependency
by expanding into new geographies and have strategically
strengthened and diversified our offerings, including our
Software portfolio.
Business
Delivery
HCLTech faces risks from constraints
on service delivery due to
technological limitations, pandemics,
geopolitical developments and the
lack of talent availability. Any of these
factors can adversely impact the
HCLTech continuously monitors the global technology
market and collaborates closely with advisors, clients,
partners and governments to minimize risk related to
its delivery model.
We leverage our COEs, internal innovation platforms,
subject matter experts, practice teams and ecosystem
partnerships to overcome technology-related delivery
challenges.
We continue to expand our New Vistas (NV) and
nearshore presence to access the best talent
and develop service-delivery resilience.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Competition
HCLTech operates in a fiercely
competitive market with various
companies vying for the same clients.
Additionally, we face competition
from management consulting,
advisory firms and GCCs (Global
Capability Centers) that are emerging
as strong players. This increased
competition could cause us to lose
clients, market share and wallet share.
The most efficient service providers will continue to do
well in this competitive yet large market. Diverse and
differentiated offerings, execution and client satisfaction
will be critical parameters for becoming enterprises
preferred partners.
HCLTech s dedication to nurturing its relationships with
clients is reflected in our consistently high CSAT scores,
which are well above the industry average year after year,
reflecting our all-weather portfolio, our ability to adapt to
contemporary trends and technologies to meet our clients
changing needs and our impeccable execution.
HCLTech adopts a flexible competition strategy by
exploring mutually beneficial partnerships and alliances
where permitted. We perceive these challenges as
opportunities and have consistently monitored and
adapted to them over the years including GCCs.
Brand and
corporate
reputation
HCLTech has a global footprint in sixty
countries. The company is exposed to
brand and corporate reputation risks
through negative or inaccurate media
reports and social media posts by
internal and external stakeholders.

The inability to track and respond
in time to this potential negative
communication can harm HCLTech s
corporate reputation among
key stakeholders such as clients,
employees, investors and partners.
This could lead to a loss of business
from clients and reduced capacity
to attract top talent.
The company partners with an online reputation
management agency and deploys advanced digital tools
to track mainstream and social media channels to monitor
coverage and conversations relating to HCLTech. A social
media policy is also available to employees on social media
Dos and Don ts.
The company has implemented a robust crisis
communications management framework to identify
and respond to any potential crisis worldwide. HCLTech
has a global crisis communications agency on record
and PR agency partners in multiple GEOs that enable IT
to respond to any crisis 24/7. IT also conducts simulation
exercises for crisis communication with key stakeholders
within the organization.
The company undertakes annual brand audits to measure
brand health and perception among key stakeholders.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
AI/GenAI
The development and deployment
of AI services and solutions present
substantial risks, including the
potential loss of market leadership
if advancements are not maintained.
Competition is fierce, with clients
creating their own AI capabilities,
leading to reduced demand
for professional services. As AI
technologies evolve, automation
may replace some tasks currently
performed by humans, decreasing
the need for certain services and
affecting professional utilization rates.
Additionally, shortages of AI-skilled
talent, rising costs associated with
hiring and retaining specialized AI
SMEs and inefficiencies in integrating
AI into existing workflows further
amplify risks.
The implementation of AI/GenAI
applications presents both positive
and negative risks. Some negative
risks relate to concerns around bias,
privacy, security, explainability and
transparency. These applications
can be used to process a vast amount
of organizational data and may
generate new data. In some cases,
data may be inaccurate or imbalanced
for underrepresented groups, be of
inferior quality or lead to unauthorized
access and loss. The output produced
by AI can contain inaccuracies,
compliance violations, copyright
issues and breaches of contract that
may result in harm to the organization
and its stakeholders. Additionally,
there is a concern that bad actors
could use this technology to create
convincing deepfakes of company
representatives or brand assets,
which could result in significant
reputational harm.
We started our AI journey early, giving us a significant head
start and allowing us to provide valuable AI solutions to our
clients. Our practical portfolio of platforms, services and
products helps clients quickly achieve their AI goals. By
incorporating AI, GenAI and Agentic AI into our offerings,
we drive innovation to keep clients competitive in an ever-
changing market. We are committed to making substantial
investments to expand our AI solutions and delivery
capabilities, ensuring we remain the preferred partner
for our clients. Additionally, we are implementing strategic
initiatives like investing in AI/GenAI-powered Industry
Focused Repeatable Solutions (IFRS) and collaborating
with firms specializing in AI to fully harness AI s potential
and strengthen our market leadership.
Recognizing the importance of skills development, the
company has initiated comprehensive multi-level training
programs to enhance AI literacy across the organization
and train specialists in the design, development and
implementation of AI systems. This aims to address talent
shortages, control costs and ensure that professionals are
trained in high-demand areas.
HCLTech has developed an enterprise-level strategy
and AI Risk Management Framework, integrating best
practices from global standards and guidelines, including
the EU AI Act, NIST AS RMF and ISO/IEC 42001. Key
components of the framework include:
- Addressing potential strategic business risks and
outlining mitigation measures
- Emphasizing self-regulation and adherence to
Responsible AI principles
- We have established robust governance frameworks
around AI/GenAI that enable responsible and ethical
use of technology.
- We have also established an Office of Responsible AI
and Governance led by SMEs with experience in NIST
frameworks, Europe AI Act, ISO, Risk and Compliance,
ethics and bias mitigation.
- Ensuring a seamless linkage between the AI development
lifecycle and the AI Risk Management lifecycle
- Crafting a detailed adoption roadmap for the framework
- Providing clear usage guidelines for stakeholders
The AI Governance Committee, formed at the HCLTech
leadership level, monitors the framework to ensure
alignment and compliance.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Financial Risks
Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Default or
Credit
HCLTech s credit risk is concentrated
in cash and bank balances,
intercorporate deposits, customer
receivables, finance lease receivables,
investment securities and derivative
instruments. All financial instruments
mentioned above carry a risk of
nonperformance by counterparties.
During the pre-contracting stage of the sales cycle,
HCLTech assesses the clients credit rating and financial
reliability when investments or extended payment terms
are involved. In the post-contracting stage, we continuously
monitor our clients resilience by tracking and analyzing
their financial reliability, financial performance, published
credit ratings, economic trends, historical debts and
customer receivables. This continuous monitoring process
significantly helps mitigate credit risks for the company.
Currency
HCLTech generates most of its
revenue from clients outside of India
and receives payments primarily in
foreign currencies. The company s
clients are primarily corporations
based in the US, Europe and
other geos and its receivables
are concentrated here. Similarly,
as HCLTech has delivery teams
based in various countries,
most of its costs are also denominated
in foreign currencies. This situation
puts HCLTech at risk of economic loss
due to changes in exchange rates.
HCLTech uses foreign exchange forward contracts and
a combination of options to mitigate the risk of foreign
currency fluctuations on its net receivables/payables
and forecasted transactions in certain currencies.
The company s Board establishes prudent governing
policies and processes that determine the duration
of hedges, the percentage of risk to be covered and
the counterparty risk to be assumed.
Acquisition and
Integration
HCLTech makes strategic acquisitions
on an ongoing basis. The success of
these acquisitions hinge on effective
integration and synergy realization.
Internal factors, as well as external
factors beyond our control, can also
play a role. These factors may include
the risk of impairing goodwill, failed
synergies and other intangibles if
integration is not managed effectively.
Additionally, a lack of integration
process can limit the ability to
capture synergy benefits.
Our governance program includes a robust mechanism to
ensure regular reviews at multiple stages, starting from the
deal stage to integration, with participation from Line of
Business leadership to Executive Management to the
Board of Directors, to address issues effectively.
HCLTech s robust integration and performance management
framework enables the acquired businesses and HCLTech
to achieve the acquisition objectives. Our Integration
and Performance Management Office (IPMO) manages
the integration process and ensures value creation.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Tax
HCLTech is subject to taxes in several
jurisdictions worldwide and benefits
from tax advantages in India and other
countries. Changes to tax laws in India
and other countries where HCLTech
has a significant presence could
impact the company s effective
tax rate.
As HCLTech operates in multiple
jurisdictions, transfer pricing
arrangements among legal entities
in these regions are subject to
review by various tax authorities.
HCLTech employs specialized tax teams that keep
abreast of the latest tax developments in different
countries, seek advice and support from external
professional firms/consultants/lawyers and implement
appropriate tax planning strategies based on changes
in tax laws.
To mitigate tax risks associated with transfer pricing,
we have established advance pricing agreements in
several countries and periodically review them with
external consultants.
Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Talent
Management
Development
Managing talent and meeting the
ever-increasing demand for talent
poses a significant ongoing risk to
HCLTech. We face the risk of failing
to fulfill resource demands due
to a talent shortage, which could
negatively impact top-line growth
and organizational expansion.
Furthermore, the risk of higher
attrition rates could equally affect
delivery capability and growth plans.
Additionally, legislative changes
restricting work visa availability
and deglobalization could have
a further impact.
HCLTech has developed a robust process for
hiring and making talent productive worldwide.
Our comprehensive training strategy is designed
to meet the needs and goals of all employees,
encompassing professional, technical, functional
and leadership development. This approach is crucial
for mitigating the risk of an unprepared leadership pipeline
due to insufficient development and succession planning.
We have implemented various initiatives to attract,
engage and retain a stable, content and diverse
multi-generational employee pool.
To mitigate the potential effects of legislative actions,
we have thoughtfully reduced our reliance on work visas
by recruiting more local talent. This approach has led to
one of the industry s highest local talent ratios.
Furthermore, leveraging nearshore centers and focusing
on onshore delivery has minimized our dependency
on work visas.
Operational Risks
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Service Delivery
Commitments
HCLTech recognizes the risk of failing
to comply with terms and conditions,
including meeting contractual
commitments and service level
agreements (SLAs) with its clients.
This is considered a significant
enterprise risk, emphasizing the
need to effectively identify, monitor
and report on SLAs to relevant
stakeholders. The COVID-19 pandemic,
geopolitical dynamics, the Russia-
Ukraine conflict, the Israel-Palestine
conflict and related events have
highlighted the disruptions resulting
from supply-side shortages and
logistics-capacity constraints.
HCLTech employs an integrated business planning and
execution process in which the sales and delivery teams
regularly engage with clients to ensure the seamless
execution of engagements within SLAs. The company
has a robust cadence mechanism, CREST, with extensive
leadership participation to identify and address any issues
ahead of time. We also use account customer satisfaction
(ACSAT) at an account level and project customer
satisfaction (PCSAT) at the project level to mitigate
the risk of failure to meet service delivery commitments.
We have implemented a robust vendor risk management
framework to minimize the potential business impact
to us and our clients arising from breaches and liabilities
that may occur when leveraging third or fourth parties
(vendors, suppliers, contractors, or service providers).
Cost
Management
HCLTech recognizes effective cost
management as a crucial aspect
of our operations, particularly during
periods of higher inflation. Poor
budget planning, inaccurate cost
estimation and external factors such
as rising costs of talent and other
resources can all contribute to the
risk of cost overruns.
HCLTech s control processes include regular
benchmarking and delivery model optimization to
maintain cost competitiveness. We also have a seamless
view of demand and supply to ensure any genuine cost
increases due to external factors are passed on to clients
through adjustments in pricing structure. Additionally,
Project Ascend is being implemented as an internal
transformative initiative to improve cost structure
and operational efficiencies.
Internal
Controls and
Processes
Lack of processes or poorly designed
processes and controls in HCLTech
can lead to operational inefficiency
and impact business.
HCLTech maintains a comprehensive array of robust internal
frameworks and processes, which are subject to extensive
monitoring to assess their efficacy. In addition, we also
conduct regular audits to ensure both the quality of our
processes and compliance with the required standards.
Operational
Agility
HCLTech faces a fundamental risk
if IT is not operationally agile.
This means IT may not be able to
respond and adapt to changing
market conditions or meet various
stakeholder preferences, including
clients, employees and the
community. This lack of agility
could result in significant financial
losses and negatively impact the
company s brand.
HCLTech has strong internal processes and efficient
resources to ensure smooth operations and high agility.
Our Ideapreneurship-led culture empowers leadership
and managers to respond to changing market conditions
in line with our purpose and strategic objectives.
Our history of success through this approach is evident
in our well-trained people who know how to be agile
without increasing our exposure to risk.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Ecosystem
Today s business world is
ecosystem-driven. HCLTech works
with its ecosystem partners to drive
innovation, build new offerings and
co-innovate to solve client challenges.
Services and solutions provided in
conjunction with ecosystem partners
contribute a sizable portion of
HCLTech s revenue. Failing to build
and manage relevant ecosystem
partnerships may impact attracting
and catering to Global 2000,
equivalent and emerging enterprises.
HCLTech has excelled in creating and managing ecosystem
partnerships for decades. We have a dedicated team that
sees this as a business opportunity.
HCLTech maintains good relationships with current
ecosystem partners and, through a systematic approach,
identifies and forges partnerships with emerging players
to stay relevant.
HCLTech, with its vast ecosystem of partners, provides
its clients the flexibility to choose from multiple options.
For example, HCLTech has partnerships with multiple
hyperscalers and OEMs.
Cyber and Resilience Risks
Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Information and
Cybersecurity
As a global IT services provider,
HCLTech faces significant information
and cybersecurity risks, particularly
regarding client and company data
protection. The risk of data breaches
due to inadvertence, negligence and
intentional acts of employees can
have a significant negative impact
on HCLTech s business and brand.
HCLTech has implemented a robust and comprehensive
Information Security Management System (ISMS) to ensure
the highest order of cyber preparedness across the firm.
We have hired qualified cybersecurity professionals
and invested in high-end security technology solutions.
Additionally, we conduct periodic internal and external
audits to assess our preparedness. We have obtained
third-party certifications such as ISO 27001, SOC1, SOC2
and PCI DSS where required to demonstrate our
commitment to cybersecurity.
HCLTech s Information Security policies are based on
industry best practices and leading security frameworks.
Security controls are continuously reinforced to ensure
the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information
assets. Continuous awareness programs, including frequent
phishing simulations, are undertaken to ensure employees
are up to date with the latest security practices and can
detect and report any phishing attempts.
HCLTech has cyber insurance that covers different types
of breaches and cyber events.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Geopolitical
HCLTech is exposed to risks
from international political
events, including wars, trade
disputes, sanctions, political
instability and social unrest.
These factors can disrupt operations,
affect supply chains, influence market
access and impact profitability in
regions where HCLTech operates.
Any future global economic
or political uncertainties may
further exacerbate IT spending,
reduce profitability, restrict talent
mobility, contract terminations,
project deferrals and client purchase
delays. Such uncertainties can also
affect the industries that drive a
substantial portion of HCLTech s
revenue. Heightened geopolitical
situations among the major
economies may also impact
our ability to grow holistically
across regions.
HCLTech has established a comprehensive
framework for the continuous monitoring and mitigation
of significant geopolitical risks through an enhanced
PESTEL risk assessment model. This approach facilitates
proactive measures in response to emerging geopolitical
threats. The framework is integrated with our crisis response
program, ensuring effective and timely responses to critical
events resulting from geopolitical developments.
We have been expanding and diversifying our
business operations across various countries to
minimize dependence on any single country or region
for revenue growth and service delivery. Additionally,
we have implemented a business strategy of hiring local
talent through various programs, which helps mitigate
the risk of any adverse impact on the business due to
restrictions on the free mobility of employees. We invest
in a flexible talent model consisting of onsite, onshore,
nearshore and offshore resources to address workforce
mobility concerns.
Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Business
Continuity
HCLTech s reputation as a leading
technology company depends on
its resilience to disruptions and ability
to adapt to a complex and rapidly
changing global risk landscape.
Business continuity is critical to
our ability to deliver services to
clients. Failure to meet contractual
continuity requirements due to a lack
of preparedness can negatively impact
an organization s ability to provide
uninterrupted service.
Our business continuity program collaborates seamlessly
with our crisis response system, guaranteeing a swift and
efficient reaction to any disruptive occurrence arising
from human actions or natural causes that could
potentially affect our business operations.
As a forward-looking organization, we continuously enhance
our business continuity and crisis management initiatives to
boost preparedness and adapt to the constantly evolving
threat landscape. Resilience is an integral part of our
operations and we are always working toward embedding
IT across all aspects of the organization, including work,
workforce, workplace, business operations, technology,
supply chain and leadership.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Environment
Social
Governance
(ESG)
HCLTech s global presence in sixty
countries necessitates compliance
with various local ESG laws and
regulations, of which failure to
comply can lead to reputational
damage, financial losses and
legal liabilities. The company has
established specific ESG targets
and failing to meet these can
negatively impact investor
confidence and client trust.
Additionally, HCLTech faces
operational ESG risks, such as
changes in energy, climate, water,
e-waste and human, social and
ethical considerations, all of which
could impact HCLTech s financial
performance and long-term
sustainability.
HCLTech continuously monitors the ESG regulatory
landscape and ensures alignment of its initiatives and
disclosures. The Board, through the ESG & DEI committee,
oversees ESG targets and performance. Through our
robust ESG governance structure, we ensure that ESG
considerations are well integrated into the decision-making
process and operations of the organization, enhancing
accountability and transparency in addressing ESG risks.
To enhance our risk management, we have conducted
a double materiality assessment (DMA) that considers
both impact materiality and financial materiality, with the
objective of integrating sustainability into our overall risk
management processes. We have created a comprehensive
Net Zero roadmap to significantly reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. Our commitment to energy efficiency includes
numerous initiatives and the adoption of energy-efficient
technologies to conserve energy and reduce emissions
across our global operations. Additionally, to address
climate change-specific physical and transition risks,
we periodically conduct climate risk analyses in line
with TCFD recommendations to identify and disclose
the process of identifying, assessing and managing
climate-related risks. For more information, please
refer to our Sustainability Report.
Regulatory
Compliance
HCLTech operates in an ever-growing
list of countries and industries, leading
to a higher risk of non-compliance
with regulatory requirements that
apply to its business. Failure to comply
with such regulations may result in
financial and reputational losses for
HCLTech s global regulatory compliance framework
identifies, assesses, monitors and mitigates regulatory
risks that affect our operations. This framework covers
global and local laws and regulations. IT helps the
organization prevent violations that could harm our
reputation, employees and clients.
We implement comprehensive awareness and training
programs to drive compliance culture across the
organization.
The board receives quarterly compliance reports from
the respective functions responsible for compliance.
Governance and Compliance Risks
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Privacy
HCLTech s operations have expanded
significantly, increasing the scope
of processing personal data of
individuals, vendors, contractors
and enterprises. Furthermore, the
evolution and use of AI has increased
the risk for organizations. Privacy
laws across different countries
are stringent, dynamic and varied,
especially regarding healthcare and
financial data. Privacy landscape is
continuously shifting as governing
bodies worldwide scrutinize the
adequacy of privacy laws and
regulations. Additionally, law and
privacy actions that individuals and
enforcement agencies bring further
impact the privacy landscape.
Noncompliance with these applicable
privacy legislations poses a significant
risk to HCLTech.
HCLTech has established a robust privacy information
management system to safeguard personal data and
ensure compliance with applicable legal, regulatory
and contractual obligations regarding data privacy
and protection.
Our privacy information management system includes
components such as global governance, policies and
procedures, training and awareness programs, privacy
impact assessments, privacy by design, data mapping,
third-party contractual oversight, incident management
and a global privacy compliance monitoring mechanism.
These components ensure that we have the necessary
capabilities to support global privacy compliance in an
ever-evolving regulatory space that requires constant
monitoring of regional privacy compliance variances,
including the evolving requirements for privacy
protection with the use of AI.
A Global Privacy Officer leads our privacy team,
which consists of Regional Privacy and Data Protection
Officers. HCLTech holds industry-recognized certifications
and accreditations. An external global data protection
officer provides oversight by independently reviewing and
reporting on the measures in place for privacy compliance.
HCLTech invests in technology solutions, including AI,
to mitigate privacy risks.
Intellectual
property (IP)
management
HCLTech s intellectual property (IP)
is a key differentiator and reflects its
innovative capabilities. The company
has implemented extensive measures
to drive innovation at all levels of the
organization, ensuring that innovation
and differentiation are embedded into
the company s culture. This approach
helps HCLTech continuously adapt
and prepare for the future. However,
there is a risk of IP infringement and
loss of ownership in the absence of
effective IP governance and
effective management.
HCLTech has implemented a comprehensive framework
adhering to ISO56005 to drive innovation and safeguard
the company s IP to prevent potential losses in ownership
rights and financial losses.
HCLTech has implemented technical, process and
organizational controls to prevent the infringement of
intellectual property such as patents, trademarks and
copyrights belonging to others. This helps mitigate
the risks of increased litigation, financial losses and
reputational damage. As an organization, we continue
to adopt and improve the above framework and
mitigation measures.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Primary Risk
Details
Mitigation
Fraud
The inability to control fraud due to
the absence of fraud control measures
can lead to serious financial losses
and severe reputational damage.
HCLTech is vulnerable to the risk
of fraud, considering our global
footprint, various global legislations,
the complex internal environment
and the need to interact with
various external stakeholders.
The company recognizes this
as a critical business risk.
HCLTech has implemented measures to mitigate the risk
of fraud effectively, including COBEC (Code of Business
Ethics and Conduct-Global), the whistleblower framework,
investigation capabilities, ABAC (anti-bribery and
anti-corruption) framework, internal audit and
management audit, IFC (internal financial controls)
framework, employee awareness campaigns and others.
Given the growing complexity of fraud, an initiative
is currently underway to review, expand and implement
a comprehensive fraud risk management framework
covering preventive, detective and corrective elements.
Immigration
and work
permit
compliance
HCLTech operates in various regions
worldwide and talent mobility is
necessary to meet global client
expectations. This involves the
movement of skilled personnel across
different countries, each governed by
its own immigration and work permit
laws and regulations. Non-compliance
with these regulations can result in
significant financial penalties, work
stoppages and reputational damage.
Considering the significant risk associated and
required compliances to immigration laws, the company
has established an Immigration Solutions Group (ISG)
supported by legal, risk and other functions to ensure
adherence to immigration laws across all regions and
countries where HCLTech operates. Supported by top
immigration service providers and law firms and
managed by well-experienced immigration SMEs,
the ISG is equipped to meet and adhere to
changing regulations.
Specific policies, measures, processes, system-level
controls, self-assessments and audits are in place
to ensure adherence to immigration and work
permit regulations.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Consolidated Results
This part of the Management Discussion and Analysis refers to the consolidated financial
statements of HCL (the Company or the Parent Company ) and its subsidiaries referred to
as the Group . The discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
related notes to the consolidated accounts of HCL for the year ended 31 March 2025, prepared in
accordance with the Indian Accounting Standard (referred to as Ind AS ), prescribed under Section
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) rules as
amended from time to time.
Performance Trends
Revenue (₹ Crores)
Revenue has increased from ₹75,379 crores in FY21
to ₹117,055 crores in FY25, with a compounded annual
growth rate (CAGR) of 11.6% over the last four years.
Earnings per share (₹)
Basic earnings per share has increased from ₹41.07 in
FY21 to ₹64.16 in FY25, with a CAGR of 11.8% over the
last four years.
Profit after tax (₹ Crores)
Profit after tax has increased from ₹11,169 crores
in FY21 to ₹17,399 crores in FY25, with a CAGR
of 11.7% over the last four years.
Net worth (₹ Crores)
The Net worth has increased from ₹60,082 crores
in FY21 to ₹69,673 crores in FY25. The Company has
paid ₹54,720 crores as dividend over last four years.
Growth in net-worth is after considering the effect
of dividend payouts in respective years.
75,379
120,000
60,000
40,000
80,000
100,000
85,651
109,913
101,456
117,055
FY 20-21
FY 21-22
FY 22-23
FY 23-24
FY 24-25
41.07
49.77
57.99
54.85
64.16
FY 20-21
FY 21-22
FY 22-23
FY 23-24
FY 24-25
11,169
12,000
10,000
14,000
16,000
13,523
15,710
14,845
17,399
FY 20-21
FY 21-22
FY 22-23
FY 23-24
FY 24-25
18,000
60,082
40,000
30,000
50,000
60,000
62,006
68,271
65,398
69,673
FY 20-21
FY 21-22
FY 22-23
FY 23-24
FY 24-25
70,000
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Financial Performance
Results of operations (Consolidated)
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Particulars
Amount
% Revenue
Amount
% Revenue
% Increase
117,055
100.0%
109,913
100.0%
6.5%
Other income
2,485
2.1%
1,495

1.4%
Total income
119,540
102.1%
111,408
101.4%

7.3%
Expenses
1,976
1.7%
1,754
1.6%
Changes in inventories of
0.0%
66,755
57.0%
62,480
56.8%
Outsourcing costs
15,162
13.0%
14,578
13.3%
Finance costs
0.6%
0.5%
Depreciation and amortization
4,084
3.5%
4,173
3.8%
Other expenses
7,606
6.5%
6,860
6.2%
Total expenses
96,279
82.3%
90,441
82.3%
6.5%
23,261
19.9%
20,967
19.1%

10.9%
Tax expense
Current tax
5,161
4.4%
4,626
4.2%
0.6%
5,862
5.0%
5,257
4.8%
11.5%
17,399
14.9%
15,710

14.3%

10.8%
Non- controlling interest
(9)
0.0%
(8)
0.0%
17,390
14.9%
15,702
14.3%
10.8%
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Segment wise breakup of revenue
The following table sets forth the revenue generated from each of our business segments and their
respective percentage of our total revenue for the year:
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Segment
Amount
Amount
% Increase
IT and Business Services
86,438
73.8%
81,179
73.9%
6.5%
Engineering and R&D services
18,960
16.2%
17,667
16.1%
7.3%
HCLSoftware
12,049
10.3%
11,454
10.4%
5.2%
Inter-segment*
(392)
(0.3%)
(387)
(0.4%)
1.3%
Total Revenue
117,055
100.0%
109,913
100.0%
6.5%
Income
Revenue from operations in the year ended 31 March 2025 increased by 6.5% to ₹117,055 crores from ₹109,913 crores
in the year ended 31 March 2024. The increase is driven by broad based performance across business segments
as our clients across verticals and geographies reaffirm their confidence in our Digital and AI offerings along with
strong deal wins in FY24 and continued momentum in FY25. The Group saw significant demand for its services,
with notable growth in the USA and Europe.
*Inter-segment revenue is related to products and services of HCLSoftware used by Services business
in rendering services to their customers.
Geography-wise breakup of revenue
The Group also reviews its business on a geographic basis. The following table classifies total revenue by geographic areas:
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Geographical Mix
Amount
Amount
% Increase
United States of America (USA)
67,987
58.1%
63,435
57.7%
7.2%
Europe
31,240
26.7%
29,270
26.6%
6.7%
India*
3,667
3.1%
3,815
3.5%

(3.9)%
14,161
12.1%
13,393
12.2%
5.7%
Total Revenue
117,055
100.0%
109,913
100.0%
6.5%
* Includes revenue billed to India based captive of global clients.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Other income increased by 66.2% to ₹2,485 crores for the year ended 31 March 2025, from ₹1,495 crores
in the previous year. This increase is primarily due to a one-time gain of ₹574 crores during the year from divestment
of certain subsidiaries, and a higher interest income of ₹294 crores compared to the previous year, largely owing
to better returns on treasury investments and increase in investment corpus.
Employee benefit expense has increased by 6.8% to ₹66,755 crores in the year ended 31 March 2025 from ₹62,480 crores
in the year ended 31 March 2024. The increase is primarily due to increase in salaries and shift in off-on mix towards onsite.
Expenses
Employee benefit expenses include salaries that have fixed and variable components, and contributions to
retirement and pension plans. IT also includes expenses incurred on staff welfare.
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Particulars
Amount
% Revenue
Amount
% Revenue
% Increase
58,178
49.7%
54,606
49.7%
6.5%
Contribution to fund and other
employee benefits
8,094
6.9%
7,288
6.6%
11.1%
0.2%
0.3%
(30.1)%
0.2%
(3.3)%
Total
66,755
57.0%
62,480
56.8%
6.8%
Other Income
The details of Other Income are as follows:
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
Other Income
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
% Increase
Interest income
1,567
1,273
Income on mutual funds
-
Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)
Gain on divestment of subsidiaries
-
Others
Total
2,485
1,495
66.2%
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Outsourcing expenses
Outsourcing expense includes outsourcing of several client-related activities such as hosting services, facilities
management, disaster recovery, maintenance, and break fix services, and hiring of third-party consultants from
time to time to supplement the in-house teams.
Outsourcing expenses increased by 4.0% to ₹15,162 crores in the year ended 31 March 2025 from ₹14,578 crores
in the year ended 31 March 2024. This increase in the current year is primarily due to increase in normal
business operations.
Finance costs
Finance costs includes interest on loans from banks, senior notes, lease liabilities, direct taxes, other interest cost and
bank charges.
Finance costs increased by 16.5% to ₹644 crores in the year ended 31 March 2025 from ₹553 crores in the year ended
31 March 2024. This increase is primarily on account of interest cost on lease liabilities and working capital management.
Depreciation and amortization expense
Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 2.1% to ₹4,084 crores in the year ended 31 March 2025 from
₹4,173 crores in the year ended 31 March 2024. This reduction is primarily due to lower depreciation expense
of ₹141 crores on Computers and networking equipment.
Other expenses
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Particulars
Amount
% Revenue
Amount
% Revenue
% Increase
1,538
1.3%
1,314
1.2%
1,269
1.1%
1,000
0.9%
0.7%
0.6%
Communication costs
0.5%
0.3%
Recruitment, training and
development
0.3%
Expenditure toward corporate social
responsibility activities
0.2%
Insurance
0.1%
Provision for doubtful debts/bad
debts written off (net)
- %
0.1%
Rent
0.1%
Others
1,336
1.1%
1,188
1.1%
Total
7,606
6.5%
6,860
6.2%
10.9%
Other expenses increased by 10.9% to ₹7,606 crores in the year ended 31 March 2025 from ₹6,860 crores in the year ended
31 March 2024. The increase in costs is mainly due to higher software subscription fee by ₹269 crores and increased travel
and conveyance expenses by ₹224 crores.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Tax expenses
Tax expenses comprises current tax and deferred tax.
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
23,261
20,967
5,862
5,257
Effective tax rate
25.2%
25.1%
Tax expenses include current tax and deferred tax expenses. Increase in tax expense for the year ended 31 March 2025
is primarily due to the progressive expiry of tax holiday available to SEZ units in India [for details refer to note no 3.25
to the consolidated financial statement].
Financial position
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment
4,501
4,891
3,016
2,910
(d) Goodwill
21,756
20,132
6,899
7,130
(f) Other non-current assets
7,204
5,275
(g) Current assets
62,109
59,331
Total assets
105,544
99,777
Equity
69,130
67,728
Total equity
69,673
68,271
Liabilities
(a) Non-current liabilities
7,832
8,780
(b) Current liabilities
28,039
22,726
Total equity and liabilities
105,544
99,777
Other equity comprises other equity attributable to shareholders of the Group and non-controlling interest.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment net of depreciation, decreased by ₹390 crores to ₹4,501 crores as of 31 March 2025
from ₹4,891 crores as of 31 March 2024. The decrease is primarily due to depreciation for the year of ₹1,327 crores
partially offset with the addition (net of disposal) of ₹874 crores.
Right-of-use assets net of depreciation, increased by ₹106 crores to ₹3,016 crores as of 31 March 2025 from ₹2,910 crores
as of 31 March 2024.
Goodwill and intangible assets
Goodwill increased by ₹1,624 crores to ₹21,756 crores as of 31 March 2025 from ₹20,132 crores as of 31 March 2024.
The increase is primarily due to acquisitions through business combination of ₹1,249 crores and currency translation
by ₹410 crores. [For details refer to note no 3.2 to the consolidated financial statement].
Intangible assets decreased by ₹231 crores to ₹6,899 crores as of 31 March 2025 from ₹7,130 crores as of 31 March 2024.
The decrease is primarily due to amortization of ₹1,936 crores during the year partly offset by acquisitions through
business combination of ₹1,185 crores and addition (net of disposal) of intangibles by ₹460 crores. [For details refer
to note no 3.3 to the consolidated financial statement].
Treasury investments
The guiding principles of the Group s treasury investments are safety, liquidity and return. The Group has efficiently
managed its surplus funds through careful treasury operations.
The Group deploys its surplus funds in fixed deposits with banks, deposits with corporate and financial institutions
and investments in debt mutual funds and debt securities, with a limit on investments with any individual bank/fund.
Breakup of treasury investments is given below
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Debt mutual funds
3,164
3,552
Debt securities
4,309
3,491
Deposits with banks
16,561
11,630
Deposits with corporation and financial institution
1,561
1,079
Total
25,595
19,752
Current and other non-current assets excluding treasury investments
Other non-current assets comprises deferred tax assets (net), and financial and other assets.
Current assets comprises inventories, tax assets(net), and financial and other assets.
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Other non-current assets
7,204
5,275
Current assets
62,109
59,331
Total
69,313
64,606
Less: Treasury investments
25,595
19,752
Total
43,718
44,854
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Current and other non-current assets, excluding treasury investments decreased by ₹1,136 crores to ₹43,718 crores
as of 31 March 2025 from ₹44,854 crores as of 31 March 2024. This decline is primarily due to reduction in cash and cash
equivalents (excluding bank deposits classified as treasury investment) by ₹3,173 crores partially netted off with increase
in trade receivables by ₹719 crores.
Shareholders fund
The equity attributable to shareholders of the Group increased by ₹1,402 crores to ₹69,655 crores as of 31 March 2025
from ₹68,263 crores as of 31 March 2024. The increase is primarily due to profit during the year by ₹17,390 crores netted
off with payment of dividend by ₹16,254 crores.
Borrowings
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Long-term borrowings
- From banks
- From senior notes
2,151
2,095
Short-term loan from banks
-
Bank overdraft
-
Total
2,291
2,327
Other non-current and current liabilities
Non-current liabilities comprises provisions, deferred tax liabilities (net), financial and other liabilities.
Current liabilities comprises provisions, tax liabilities (net), and financial and other liabilities.
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
7,832
8,780
Current liabilities
28,039
22,726
Total
35,871
31,506
Less : Borrowings
2,291
2,327
Total
33,580
29,179
Current and non-current liabilities, excluding borrowings, increased by ₹4,401 crores to ₹33,580 crores as of 31 March 2025
from ₹29,179 crores as of 31 March 2024. This is largely due to increase in accrued salaries and benefits of ₹973 crores,
deferred tax liabilities of ₹844 crores, lease liabilities of ₹556 crores and contract liabilities of ₹513 crores.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Cash flows
A summary of the cash flows statement is given below:
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
(A)
22,261
22,448
Net cash flows used in investing activities
(B)
(4,914)
(6,723)
(C)
(18,561)
(15,464)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
(A)+(B)+(C)
(1,214)
Effect of exchange differences on cash and cash
equivalents held in foreign currency
9,441
9,065
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
8,245
9,441
Net cash generated from operating activities is ₹22,261 crores during the year ended 31 March 2025, consisting of
profit before tax of ₹23,261 crores, adjusted for: non-cash and non-operating items which are primarily depreciation
and amortization of ₹4,084 crores, and interest income of ₹1,567 crores; cash generated from net working capital
of ₹1,010 crores which is primarily driven by movement in Other financial liabilities, contract liabilities, provisions
and other liabilities and cash used to pay taxes (net of refund), which is ₹4,243 crores.
Net cash generated from operating activities was ₹22,448 crores during the year ended 31 March 2024, consisting
of profit before tax of ₹20,967 crores, adjusted for: non-cash and non-operating items which are primarily
depreciation and amortization of ₹4,173 crores, and interest income of ₹(1,273) crores; cash generated from
net working capital of ₹2,305 crores which was primarily driven by movement in Other financial liabilities,
contract liabilities, provisions and other liabilities and cash used to pay taxes (net of refund), which was ₹4,212 crores.
Net Cash flows used in investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities is ₹4,914 crores for the year ended 31 March 2025. This is primarily due to net amount
of placement of bank deposits of ₹2,820 crores, payments for business acquisitions (net of cash acquired) of ₹1,982 crores,
net amount of purchase and sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles of ₹1,083 crores and placement
of deposits with body corporate of ₹482 crores, partially offset with net amount of interest received of ₹1,322 crores
and Divestment in subsidiaries of ₹687 crores.
Net cash used in investing activities was ₹6,723 crores for the year ended 31 March 2024. This was primarily due to net
amount of placement of bank and corporate deposits of ₹3,609 crores, payments for business acquisitions (net of cash
acquired) of ₹2,043 crores, purchase (net of maturity/sale) of investment in securities of ₹1,345 crores, net amount of
purchase and sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles of ₹1,016 crores, partially offset with net amount
of interest received of ₹1,041 crores and net proceed from deposits with body corporate of ₹526 crores.
Net cash used in financing activities is ₹18,561 crores for the year ended 31 March 2025, primarily comprising payment
of dividends of ₹16,250 crores, payment of lease liabilities including interest of ₹1,453 crores, acquisition of treasury
shares of ₹676 crores and net payment of borrowings ₹81 crores.
Net cash used in financing activities was ₹15,464 crores for the year ended 31 March 2024, primarily comprising payment
of dividends of ₹14,073 crores, payment of lease liabilities including interest of ₹1,148 crores and net payment of
borrowings ₹181 crores.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Key financial ratios
Year ended
Ratio
Numerator
Denominator
Units
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
% variation
Operating profit
Revenue from
operations less all
operating expenses
Revenue from
%
18.3
18.2
0.5%
Revenue from
%
14.9
14.3
4.2%
Average total
%

25.2

23.5
7.2%
Current ratio
Current assets
Current liabilities
Times
2.2
2.6
(15.4)%
Trade receivable
Revenue from
Average trade
Times
4.4
4.2
4.8%
Inventory turnover
Average
Times

12.8

8.7
47.1%
Interest coverage
Earning before
interest expenses
and taxes
Interest
expenses
Times

38.8

41.5
(6.5)%
Total debt
(refer note 3 below)
Total equity
Times
0.1
- %
Notes
1) All operating expenses means total expenses minus finance costs.
2) Cost of goods sold includes purchase of stock in trade and change in inventories of stock-in-trade.
3) Total debts include lease liabilities.
4) Average is calculated based on simple average of opening and closing balances.
Return on net worth increased to 25.2 % in FY25 from 23.5 % in FY24 primarily on account of higher profit earned
by the Group during the year.
Inventory turnover ratio has increased to 12.8 times in FY25 from 8.7 times in FY24, primarily due to increase in
cost of goods sold and decrease in average inventories as compared to previous year.
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Standalone Results
Standalone results of HCL exclude the performance of its subsidiaries.
Results of operations (Standalone)
The discussion in the paragraphs that follow should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related
notes to the standalone results of HCL Technologies Limited (herein referred to as HCL or the Company ) for the year
ended 31 March 2025, prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standard (referred to as Ind AS ), prescribed
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) rules as amended
from time to time.
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Particulars
Amount
% Revenue
Amount
% Revenue
% Growth

51,105
100.0%

48,118
100.0%

6.2%
Other income

1,234
2.4%

1,076
2.2%
Total income

52,339
102.4%

49,194
102.2%
6.4%
Expenses
Purchase of

0.3%

0.3%
Changes in inventories of

0.0%

0.0%
Employee benefits

22,414
43.9%

20,965
43.6%
Outsourcing costs

7,437
14.6%

7,105
14.8%
Finance costs

0.3%

0.3%
Depreciation and
amortization expense

2,320
4.5%

2,371
4.9%
Other expenses

3,392
6.6%

3,027
6.3%
Total expenses

35,865
70.2%

33,738
70.1%
6.3%

16,474
32.2%

15,456
32.1%
6.6%
Tax expense
Current tax

3,344
6.5%

2,873
6.0%

1.7%

1.9%

4,208
8.2%

3,782
7.9%

11.3%

12,266
24.0%

11,674
24.3%
5.1%
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Financial position (Standalone)
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment

2,931

3,225

1,192

1,048
(d) Goodwill

7,215

6,549

4,880

5,511
(f) Other non-current assets

7,221

6,407
(g) Current assets

29,035

29,545
Total assets

52,503

52,307
Equity

34,397

38,927
Total equity

34,940

39,470
Liabilities
(a) Non-current liabilities

3,528

2,373
(b) Current liabilities

14,035

10,464
Total equity and liabilities

52,503

52,307
HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Current and other non-current assets, excluding treasury assets increased by ₹2,088 crores to ₹23,251 crores
as of 31 March 2025 from ₹21,163 crores as of 31 March 2024; the increase is primarily on account of increase
in trade receivables by ₹2,656 crores.
Current and non-current liabilities
Non-current liabilities comprises provisions, deferred tax liabilities (net), and financial and other liabilities.
Current liabilities comprises provisions, tax liabilities (net), and financial and other liabilities.
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024

3,528

2,373
Current liabilities

14,035

10,464
Total

17,563

12,837
Less: Borrowings
Total
17,537
12,784
Current and non-current liabilities, excluding borrowings, increased by ₹4,753 crores to ₹17,537 crores
as of 31 March 2025 from ₹12,784 crores as of 31 March 2024, the increase is primarily on account of higher
trade payables of ₹1,529 crores, contract liabilities of ₹1,227 crores, and deferred tax liabilities of ₹856 crores.
Current and other non-current assets excluding treasury investments
Other non-current assets comprises deferred tax assets (net), and financial and other assets.
Current assets comprises inventories, tax assets(net), and financial and other assets.
(in ₹ Crores)
As at
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Other non-current assets

7,221

6,407
Current assets

29,035

29,545
Total

36,256

35,952
Less: Treasury investments

13,005

14,789
Total

23,251

21,163
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

Net cash generated from operating activities is ₹15,991 crores during the year ended 31 March 2025, consisting of
profit before tax of ₹16,474 crores, adjusted for: non-cash and non-operating items which are primarily depreciation
and amortization expenses of ₹2,320 crores, interest income of ₹(867) crores; and cash generated from net working
capital of ₹916 crores and payment of tax of ₹2,705 crores.
Net cash generated from operating activities was ₹15,282 crores during the year ended 31 March 2024, consisting
of profit before tax of ₹15,456 crores, adjusted for: non-cash and non-operating items which are primarily depreciation
and amortization expenses of ₹2,371 crores, interest income of ₹(787) crores; and cash generated from net working capital
of ₹937 crores and payment of tax of ₹2,611 crores.
Net Cash flows from (used in) investing activities
Net cash flows from investing activities is ₹993 crores for the year ended 31 March 2025. This is primarily due to net proceed
from bank deposits of ₹2,495 crores, Interest received of ₹801 crores and dividend received from subsidiaries of ₹109 crores,
partially netted off with payments for business acquisitions (net of cash acquired) of ₹1,358 crores, net purchase of property,
plant and equipment and intangibles of ₹439 crores, purchase (net of maturity/sale) of investment in securities of
₹294 crores and deposits placed with body corporates of ₹221 crores.
Net cash used in investing activities was ₹2,331 crores for the year ended 31 March 2024. This was primarily due to net
investment in bank deposits of ₹1,562 crores, purchase (net of maturity/sale) of investment in securities of ₹1,413 crores
and net purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangibles of ₹379 crores, partially netted off with maturity
of deposits placed with body corporates of ₹526 crores and Interest received of ₹567 crores.
Net cash used in financing activities is ₹17,253 crores for the year ended 31 March 2025, primarily comprising payment
of dividends of ₹16,250 crores, acquisition of treasury shares of ₹676 crores and payment of lease liabilities including
interest of ₹297 crores.
Net cash used in financing activities was ₹14,480 crores for the year ended 31 March 2024, primarily comprising payment
of dividends of ₹14,073 crores and payment of lease liabilities including interest of ₹258 crores.
Cash flows (Standalone)
A summary of the cash flows statement is given below:
(in ₹ Crores)
Year ended
Particulars
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
(A)

15,991

15,282
Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities
(B)

(2,331)
(C)

(17,253)

(14,480)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
(A)+(B)+(C)

(269)

(1,529)
Effect of exchange differences on cash and cash
equivalents held in foreign currency

(8)

2,374
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

HCLTech Annual Report 2024-25

Key financial ratios (Standalone)
Year ended
Ratio
Numerator
Denominator
Units
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
% variation
Operating profit
Revenue from
operations less all
operating expenses
Revenue from
%
30.1
-%
Revenue from
%

24.0

24.3
(1.2)%
Average total
%

33.0

29.0
13.8%
Current ratio
Current assets
Current liabilities
Times
2.1
2.8
(25.0)%
Trade receivable
Revenue from
Average trade
Times
3.7
3.8
(2.6)%
Inventory turnover
Average
Times

7.7

4.8
60.4%
Interest coverage
Earning before
interest expenses
and taxes
Interest
expenses
Times

110.8

137.8
(19.6)%
Total debt
(refer note 3 below)
Total equity
Times
0.0
-%
Notes
1) All operating expenses means total expenses minus finance costs.
2) Cost of goods sold includes purchase of stock in trade and change in inventories of stock-in-trade.
3) Total debts include lease liabilities.
4) Average is calculated based on simple average of opening and closing balances.
Return on net worth increased to 33.0 % in FY25 from 29.0 % in FY24 primarily on account of higher profit earned
by the company during the year.
Current ratio
Current ratio is declined to 2.1 times in FY25 from 2.8 times in FY24 due to increased current liabilities against decreased
current assets as compared to the previous year.
Inventory turnover Ratio has increased to 7.7 times in FY25 from 4.8 times in FY24 , mainly due to reduction in average
inventories with no significant changes in cost of good sold as compared to previous year.
Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The Board of Directors ( Board ) have immense pleasure in presenting the 33rd Directors Repor of HCL Technologies
Limited ( HCLTech or the Company ) together with the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year ( FY ) ended
March 31, 2025.
1.
Financial Results
Key highlights of the financial results of the Company prepared as per the Indian Accounting Standards ( Ind AS ) for
the financial year ended March 31, 2025, along with corresponding numbers of the previous financial year ended
March 31, 2024, are as under:
Pariculars
Consolidated
Standalone
FY ended
FY ended
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
1,17,055
1,09,913
51,105
48,118
Other income
2,485
1,495
1,234
1,076
Total Income
1,19,540
1,11,408
52,339
49,194
Total Expenses
96,279
90,441
35,865
33,738
23,261
20,967
16,474
15,456
Tax Expense
5,862
5,257
4,208
3,782
17,399
15,710
12,266
11,674
(81)
Total comprehensive income for the
18,104
16,565
12,185
12,113
Earnings per share of ₹2 each
Basic (in ₹)
64.16
57.99
45.25
43.11
Diluted (in ₹)
64.09
57.86
45.21
43.02
DIRECTORS REPORT
2.
Business Overview and State of
Affairs
HCLTech aims to bring together the best of technology
and its people to supercharge progress for its clients,
people, communities and planet. Its all-weather, full-
stack porfolio across engineering, digital, cloud, AI and
software makes HCLTech a preferred parner to G2000
companies across industries.
The Company serves its clients through its Global
Delivery Network across 60 countries and also has a
focus on continuous innovation with clients through
its network of innovation labs and experience centers.
This global reach, combined with a robust ecosystem
of parners and hyperscalers, allows the Company to
deploy best-in-class technology solutions at speed
and scale.
The advent of new technologies like GenAI is furher
accelerating enterprises adoption of new and adjacent
technologies. With its comprehensive porfolio,
HCLTech is well-positioned to leverage these growth
opporunities.
On a consolidated basis, the Company s revenue from
operations for the financial year under review was
₹1,17,055 crores as against ₹1,09,913 crores for the
previous financial year. The profit for the financial year
under review was ₹17,399 crores as against ₹15,710
crores for the previous financial year.
On a standalone basis, the Company s revenue from
operations for the financial year under review was
₹51,105 crores as against ₹48,118 crores in the previous
financial year. The profit for the financial year under
review was₹12,266 crores as against ₹11,674 crores for
the previous financial year.
The state of affairs of the Company is presented as par
of the Management Discussion and Analysis Repor which
shall form par of the Annual Repor for FY 2024-25.

Directors Repor
The Board declared 1st interim dividend of ₹18/- per share for
Financial Year 2025-26 on April 22, 2025, after approval of
the financial results for the quarer and year ended
March 31, 2025.
4. Transfer to Reserves
The closing balance of the retained earnings of the
Company, on a standalone basis, as on March 31, 2025, after
all appropriations and adjustments was ₹27,827 crores.
For complete details on movement in Reserves and
Surplus during the financial year under review, please
refer to the Statement of Changes in Equity included in
the Standalone and Consolidated financial statements
of the Company for FY 2024-25.
5.
Share Capital
During the financial year under review, the Company
did not issue any equity shares. As on March 31, 2025,
the Authorized share capital of the Company was
₹6,03,40,00,000/- divided into 3,01,70,00,000 equity
shares of face value of ₹2/- each.
The Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up equity share
capital of the Company as on March 31, 2025, was
₹5,42,73,30,192/- divided into 2,71,36,65,096 equity
shares of face value of ₹2/- each.
6. USD Denominated Unsecured Notes
Issued by a Wholly Owned Subsidiary
During FY 2020-21, HCL America Inc., a step-down
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, incorporated
under the laws of California, USA had issued USD 500
million fixed rate, senior secured notes ( Notes ) with
a maturity date of March 2026 bearing interest rate
of 1.375% per annum. The Notes were unconditionally
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The
Company s potential liability under the guarantee was
capped at USD 525 million which was 105% of principal
amount of the Notes.
During FY 2022-23, HCL America Inc. through cash
tender offer had bought back its Notes of the principal
amount of USD 247.793 million. Post this buy back, the
principal amounts of Notes that remain outstanding
are USD 252.207 million. Accordingly, as on March 31,
2025, the Company s aggregate potential liability for the
Notes is USD 264.817 million which is 105% of the total
aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding.
7.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Repor
The Management Discussion and Analysis Repor
in terms of Regulation 34(2) of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, as amended from time to time, ( Listing
Regulations ) shall form par of the Annual Repor of
the Company for FY 2024-25.
8.
Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint
Ventures
As on March 31, 2025, the Company has 124 subsidiaries
and 3 associate companies (of which 1 is under the
process of winding up) within the meaning of Sections
2(87) & 2(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, respectively.
Incorporation of new subsidiaries during the financial
year under review
HCL Technologies Sdn Bhd was incorporated
under the laws of Brunei as a step-down wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company.
HCLTech Public Sector Solutions Inc. was
incorporated under the laws of Delaware, USA as a
step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Acquisitions during the financial year under review
Zeenea SAS, a French company providing metadata
management and data discovery solutions by offering a
SaaS cloud data discovery platform was acquired by HCL
Technologies UK Limited, a company incorporated in UK
and a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Pursuant to this acquisition, Zeenea SAS and its
2 subsidiaries named Zeenea Benelux and Zeenea Inc.
3.
Dividend
The Board has paid the following interim dividends during the financial year under review:
Dividend Paid during
FY 2024-25
Date of Declaration
Rate of Dividend per Share
(face value of ₹2 each)
Dividend amount(1)
1.
1st Interim Dividend
April 26, 2024
18/-
4,875
2.
2nd Interim Dividend
July 12, 2024
12/-
3,248
3.
3rd Interim Dividend
October 14, 2024
12/-
3,252
4.
4th Interim Dividend(2)
January 13, 2025
18/-
4,879
Total
16,254
Notes
1)
The dividend amount is the gross amount before deduction of tax at source by the Company. Total tax deducted
at source was approx. ₹1,591 crores.
2)
This included a special dividend of ₹6/- per share to celebrate 25 years of the Company s public listing.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
became the step-down wholly owned subsidiaries of
the Company w.e.f. September 12, 2024, being the date
of completion of the acquisition.
Subsidiaries merged/closed during the financial year
under review
The Company s endeavour is to achieve organisational
efficiency by optimising resources and managing
costs for operation in various countries. Accordingly,
after taking into consideration the business aspects,
local laws and regulations, etc., the Company takes
appropriate actions for internal restructuring by
integrating businesses amongst subsidiaries so as to
reduce the number of entities.
Considering the above, the following step-down wholly
owned subsidiaries of the Company were merged/
closed during the year under review:
Sigl Bordnetz Design GmbH (incorporated in
Germany) was merged with and into ASAP
Electronics GmbH (incorporated in Germany) on
July 2, 2024.
DWS Product Solutions Pty. Ltd. (incorporated in
Australia) and Strategic Data Management Pty.
Ltd. (incorporated in Australia) were voluntarily
liquidated on July 19, 2024.
SDM Sales Pty. Ltd. (incorporated in Australia) was
voluntarily liquidated on September 1, 2024.
Graeme V Jones & Associates Pty. Ltd.
(incorporated in Australia) was voluntarily
liquidated on September 20, 2024.
Zeenea Inc. (incorporated in Delaware, USA) was
voluntarily dissolved on November 28, 2024.
Sankalp Semiconductor GmbH (incorporated in
Germany) was voluntarily dissolved on January 30,
2025.
Sankguj Semiconductor Private Limited
(incorporated in India) and Versant India Private
Limited (incorporated in India) were merged with
and into Sankalp Semiconductor Private Limited,
a company incorporated in India pursuant to the
Scheme of Amalgamation ( Scheme ) that was
sanctioned vide order dated February 11, 2025
passed by the Office of the Regional Director, South-
East Region, Hyderabad. The Scheme was effective
from February 28, 2025, being the date on which the
said order was filed with the Registrar of Companies.
Datawave (a HCL Technologies Company) Limited
(incorporated in the UK) was voluntarily dissolved
on March 18, 2025.
HCL Technologies Jigani Limited (incorporated in
India) was voluntarily dissolved on March 29, 2025.
Divestment of stake in the Joint Venture ( JV ) with
State Street International Holdings
HCL Investments UK Limited ( HCL UK ), a company
incorporated in the UK and a step-down wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company had a Joint Venture with
State Street International Holdings, a corporation
incorporated in the USA. The said JV was formed as
State Street HCL Holdings (UK) Limited ( Statestreet
UK ), a company incorporated in the UK where in HCL
UK held 49% equity stake. State Street HCL Services
(Philippines) Inc. ( Statestreet Philippines ), a company
incorporated in Philippines, and State Street HCL
(India) Private Limited ( Statestreet India ), a company
incorporated in India, were the 2 wholly owned
subsidiaries of Statestreet UK.
W.e.f. April 1, 2024, pursuant to the Share Purchase
Agreement, HCL UK divested its entire 49% equity
stake in the JV. Accordingly, Statestreet UK, Statestreet
Philippines and Statestreet India, ceased to be
associated with the Company.
Financial Statements of the Subsidiaries/Associates
In terms of the requirements of Section 129(3) of the
Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time
( Act ), a statement containing salient features of the
financial statements of the Company s subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures in the Form AOC-1 shall
form par of the Annual Repor of the Company for
FY 2024-25.
In terms of the provisions of Section 136 of the Act
and Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the
standalone and consolidated financial statements
of the Company along with relevant documents for
FY 2024-25 shall be available on the website of the
Company at https://www.hcltech.com/investor-
relations/financial-results. The financial statements
in respect of the subsidiaries for FY 2024-25 shall be
available on the website of the Company at https://
www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/subsidiaries-
financials.
9. Material Changes and Commitments
Affecting Financial Position Between the
End of the Financial Year and the Date of
the Repor
There have been no material changes and
commitments which affect the financial position of the
Company, that have occurred between the end of the
financial year to which the financial statements relate
and the date of this Repor.
10. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
Details of the composition of the Board, appointments/
re-appointments/retirement of directors, details of
declaration by Independent Directors and changes in
the Key Managerial Personnel during the financial year
under review are provided in the Corporate Governance
Repor which shall form par of the Annual Repor for
FY 2024-25 ( Corporate Governance Repor ).
11. Number of Meetings of the Board
During the financial year under review, seven meetings
of the Board were held. The details of the meetings are
provided in the Corporate Governance Repor.

Directors Repor
12. Board Commitees
The Company has the following Board Commitees as
on March 31, 2025
Audit Commitee
Nomination and Remuneration Commitee
Stakeholders Relationship Commitee
Risk Management Commitee
Corporate Social Responsibility Commitee
ESG & Diversity Equity Inclusion Commitee
The Finance Commitee ( FC ), a non-mandatory
commitee of the Company was dissolved by the Board
w.e.f October 14, 2024. On dissolution of FC, cerain
tasks of the FC charer were migrated to other Board
Commitees viz. Audit Commitee and Risk Management
Details of the composition of the Commitees, their
terms of reference, atendance of members at meetings
of the Commitees and other requisite details are
provided in the Corporate Governance Repor.
13. Board Evaluation
The Annual Perormance Evaluation of the Board, its
Commitees, the Chairperson of the Board and the
individual directors was underaken by the Board/
Independent Directors in terms of the provisions of
the Act and the Listing Regulations. The evaluation
was carried out in terms of the framework and criteria
of evaluation as approved by the Nomination and
Remuneration Commitee of the Company. The
process and criteria of evaluation is explained in the
Corporate Governance Repor.
14. Statutory Auditors and Statutory Audit
Repor
M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Charered Accountants (Firm
Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022) the Statutory
Auditors of the Company, were re-appointed as the
Statutory Auditors of the Company in the Thiry-
Second Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the
Company held on August 13, 2024 for a term of five
consecutive years from the conclusion of the said AGM
till the conclusion of the Thiry-Seventh AGM to be
held in the year 2029.
There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse
remarks or disclaimer made by the Statutory
Auditors in their Report for FY 2024-25. The
Statutory Auditors have not reported any incident
of fraud to the Audit Committee during the financial
year under review.
15. Secretarial Auditor and Secretarial Audit
Repor
In terms of Section 204 of the Act, M/s. Makarand
M. Joshi & Co. ( MMJC ), Practicing Company
Secretaries, (Firm Registration No.: P2009MH007000)
were appointed as the Secretarial Auditor of the
Company for FY 2024-25. The repor of the Secretarial
Auditor is enclosed as Annexure 1 to this Repor.
There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks
or disclaimers made by the Secretarial Auditor in their
repor. The Secretarial Auditor has not repored any
incident of fraud during the financial year under review.
In terms of the Act and the Listing Regulations, the
Board of Directors have approved the appointment of
MMJC as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company to
conduct the secretarial audit for a period of five years
from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029-30 and has recommended
the same to the shareholders of the Company for their
approval in the ensuing AGM of the Company.
16. Maintenance of Cost Records
The maintenance of cost records and the requirement
of a cost audit as prescribed by the Central
Government under the provisions of Section 148 of the
Act are not applicable to the business activities carried
out by the Company. Accordingly, such cost accounts
and records are not maintained by the Company.
17. Annual Return
Pursuant to the provisions of the Sections 92(3) &
134(3)(a) of the Act, the Annual Return of the Company
for FY 2024-25 is available on the website of the
Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-
relations/annual-repors.
18. Policy on Directors Appointment and
Remuneration
The Nomination and Remuneration Commitee ( NRC )
formulates the criteria for determining the qualifications,
positive atributes and independence of directors in
terms of its charer. While evaluating the suitability of
individual Board members, the NRC considers factors
such as educational and professional background,
general understanding of the Company s business
dynamics, professional standing, personal & professional
ethics, integrity & values, and willingness to devote
sufficient time & energy in carrying out their duties and
responsibilities effectively.
The NRC also assesses the independence of directors
at the time of their appointment/re-appointment as
per the criteria prescribed under the provisions of
the Act, the rules made thereunder and the Listing
The Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial
Personnel and other employees is provided in the
Corporate Governance Repor.
19. Risk Management Policy
The Company has developed and implemented a Risk
Management Policy that ensures appropriate management
of risks in line with its internal systems and culture.
A detailed section on Risk Management is provided in
the Management Discussion and Analysis Repor, which
shall form par of the Annual Repor for FY 2024-25.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
20. Internal Financial Control Systems and
their Adequacy
The Company s internal financial control systems
are commensurate with its size and nature of its
operations and such internal financial controls are
adequate and are operating effectively. The Company
has adopted policies and procedures for ensuring
orderly and efficient conduct of the business. These
controls have been designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding recording and providing reliable
financial and operational information, adherence
to the Company s policies, safeguarding of assets
from unauthorized use & prevention and detection
of frauds & errors, the accuracy & completeness of
the accounting records, and the timely preparation of
reliable financial disclosures.
21. Significant and Material Orders
There are no significant and material orders passed by
the regulators or cours or tribunals impacting the going
concern status and Company s operations in future.
22. Pariculars of Loans, Guarantees and
Investments
The pariculars of loans, guarantees and investments,
as required under Section 186 of the Act and
Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, have been
disclosed in the financial statements for FY 2024-25.
23. Transactions with Related Paries
The pariculars of transactions entered into with the
related paries have been given in Annexure 2 to this
Repor in the Form AOC-2 in compliance with the
provisions of Section 188(1) of the Act and applicable
rules made thereunder. The Company has in place a
Related Pary Transaction Policy , which is available on
the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.
com/corporate/related-pary-transaction-policy.
24. Corporate Social Responsibility
The Company contributes progressively to the
socio-economic and environmental advancement of the
planet with Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) at the
very core of its existence. To meet its goals, the Company
drives its CSR agenda through its CSR arm, HCL Foundation,
a public charitable trust.
The CSR Commitee of the Company is inter alia responsible
for formulating, recommending and monitoring the CSR
Policy of the Company which contains the approach and
direction given by the Board, and includes guiding principles
for selection, implementation and monitoring of activities as
well as formulation of the annual action plan.
The composition of the CSR Commitee, and other details
including brief outline of the CSR Policy of the Company,
the amount that the Company was required to spent in
terms of the provisions of the Act, and the amount that was
actually spent during the financial year under review are set
out in Annexure 3 to this Repor in the format as prescribed
under the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy) Rules, 2014.
The CSR projects, as approved by the Board for
FY 2025-26 are available on the website of the Company
at htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/corporate-
social-responsibility.
25. Dividend Distribution Policy
The Company s wealth distribution philosophy aims
at sharing its prosperity with its shareholders, through
a formal earmarking/disbursement of profits to its
shareholders. In accordance with Regulation 43A of the
Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated and
adopted a Dividend Distribution Policy which provides for
the circumstances under which the members may or may
not expect dividend, the financial parameters, internal
and external factors, utilization of retained earnings,
etc. The Dividend Distribution Policy is available on the
website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/
corporate/dividend-distribution-policy.
26. Unclaimed Dividend and Transfer to
Investor Education and Protection Fund
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Act,
the dividend amounts which have remained unclaimed
for a period of seven years from the date of transfer to
unpaid dividend account have been transferred by the
Company to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
( IEPF ) established by the Central Government under
Section 125 of the Act. The details of the unclaimed
dividend amount which will be transferred to the IEPF
in the subsequent years are provided in the Corporate
Governance Repor. Furher, according to the IEPF
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)
Rules, 2016, the shares in respect of which dividend
have not been paid or claimed by the members for
seven consecutive years or more are also required to be
transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority.
Accordingly, during the financial year under review, the
Company has transferred 72,758 equity shares to the
demat account of the IEPF Authority. The details of such
shares are available on the website of the Company at
htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/iepf.
27. Deposits
The Company neither has any outstanding deposits nor
IT has accepted any deposits from the public during the
financial year under review.
28. Proceedings Pending under the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
There are no proceedings initiated/pending against the
Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
29. Valuation done at the Time of one Time
Setlement
There were no instances of one-time setlement with
the Banks or Financial Institutions.

Directors Repor
30. Corporate Governance Repor
The Corporate Governance Repor in terms of
Regulation 34(3) of the Listing Regulations, along with
the Statutory Auditors cerificate thereon shall form
par of the Annual Repor for FY 2024-25.
31. Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Repor
The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Repor
in terms of Regulation 34(2) of the Listing Regulations
shall form par of Annual Repor for FY 2024-25.
32. Awards and Recognitions
Key recognitions that the Company received during the
financial year under review are as follows:

World s fastest-growing IT services brand in Brand
Finance 2025 Global 500 and IT Services Top 25

One of Ethisphere s 2025 World s Most Ethical
Companies for the second year.

No.1 India-headquarered Company in TIME
magazine s list of World s Best Companies 2024.

Most decorated India-headquarered IT services
company in the Institutional Investor Research
Annual Asia Executive Team survey with No.1 rank
in 21 categories in the Technology IT Services &
Software sector.

Recognized by Newsweek as one of America s
Most Reliable Companies 2025.

Featured in Forbes list of World s Best
Management Consulting Firms 2024.

Global Top Employer recognition from Top
Employers Institute for the third consecutive year,
with No.1 rank in Norh America, Europe and APAC.

Recognized by Forbes as one of the World s Best
Employers for the fifth consecutive year. Only
India-headquarered company in the professional
services category to be among the global top 10
for five years in a row.

Included in S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for
third year in a row.

Gold status from EcoVadis, placed among the top
5% companies globally.

Microsoft Dynamics 365 Services Parner of the
Year 2024.

Dell Global Alliances Parner of the Year and
Engagement Parner of the Year in EMEA.

Google Cloud Parner of the Year awards for
Global Talent Development, Industry Solution
Services for Telecommunications and Cloud
Migration Specialization.

HPE Hybrid Cloud Parner of the Year 2024.

Intel Parner Award for Market Acceleration in SI/
GSI/MSP category.
A detailed list of the awards and recognitions received
by the Company during the financial year under review
is provided in the Corporate Overview section of the
Annual Repor for FY 2024-25.
33. Sustainability
Supercharging progress, sustainably and responsibly
conveys the Company s commitment to driving rapid
and meaningful long term sustainable growth, while
adopting a responsible and mindful approach in an
accountable and transparent way. As the Company
pursued its commitment, effors have been made
towards ambitious goals, including reaching net-zero
emissions by the end of 2040.
The Company s initiatives recognized for consistently
demonstrating sustainability are as follows:

Energy consumption has decreased by 29% in
comparison to the baseline year of FY 2020, with
a notable 46% reduction in non-renewable energy
usage.

46% reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions
compared to base year 2020.

22% reduction in scope 3 emissions compared to
base year 2020.

34.48% of renewable energy across global

Impacted over 7.5 million lives with 54%
female beneficiaries through its CSR arm, HCL
Foundation, and helped over 15,000 persons with
disability.

Planted over 3.2 million saplings, developed 358
water structures, rejuvenated 265 water bodies.

All HCLTech owned campuses in India received
TRUE Zero Waste to Landfill Platinum Cerification.
The following leading ESG rating agencies have
recognized the Company as a leader in consideration
of its commitments and progress:

MSCI ESG assessment conferred AA rating to
HCLTech for second consecutive year.

Included in the S&P Global Sustainability
Yearbook 2024 for third year in a row.

EcoVadis rated HCLTech Gold for HCLTech s
advanced sustainability perormance.

Recognition as one of the 2025 World s Most
Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, two years in a
row.
34. Organization Effectiveness
At HCLTech, its people remain at the hear of its
progress. Investing in talent, fostering innovation, and
adopting a people-first mindset are key for sustaining
momentum. This approach, which prioritizes the well-
being, growth and development of employees, not only
fosters a positive work culture but also leads to higher
productivity, beter innovation and greater business
success.
HCLTech s people strategy is building future-ready
skills, atracting and retaining top global talent, and
fostering a culture where individuals can thrive and

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
do their best work. As of FY 2024-25, the Company s
global workforce stands at 2,23,420. LTM atrition rate
was 13%, highlighting the Company s ongoing effors to
enhance employee engagement and retention.
With a presence in 60 countries and team members
from 167 nationalities, global presence is being
expanded by enhancing local footprint and focusing
on strategic parnerships and AI advancements. The
Company maintains its nearshore presence in 20
countries, with over 90% of employees being hired
locally.
In FY 2024-25, 7,829 freshers were onboarded,
reinforcing the Company s commitment to build a
future-ready workforce. A key pillar of this strategy
is the Company s TechBee program, which seeks
to recruit highly talented class 12 graduates. The
structured career development framework ensures that
entry-level hires receive robust training, exposure to
real-world challenges, and opporunities for continuous
learning, including suppor for higher education.
Gen Z now represents 28% of the Company s global
workforce, reinforcing its early engagement effors and
positioning HCLTech as an employer of choice for the
next generation of talent.
Developing local talent through New Vistas and
nearshore programs expands the talent access beyond
traditional centers, tapping into pools in India and
worldwide. As the Company continues to ramp up, its
New Vistas locations in India now represent 16.2% of its
India headcount. This year, New Vista locations have
been expanded by opening centers in Kochi and Patna.
Considering the criticality of building the next talent
level at scale and the correct cost, the organization
has refreshed its operating model around well-defined
capabilities and skills. These capability units serve as the
base structure that anchors employee development,
talent mobility, career growth and selection of the right
external talent. In contrast, the delivery units maximize
delivery execution, client-centricity and client wallet
share expansion. Each capability unit is aligned with the
Company s business strategies and talent.
HCLTech has employees spanning four generations,
many of whom are based out of client sites, and
diversity has increased because many employees
have joined HCLTech through acquisitions. The
organization s geographically dispersed workforce and
global client base require seamless movement of talent
across domains and locations. A Talent Management
Strategy that fosters knowledge sharing, collaboration,
and cultural understanding was executed to enhance
client service delivery furher.
HCLTech s innovative approaches to training, reskilling
and upskilling ensure its employees are future-
ready. During this period, 2,17,316 employees availed
themselves of 8.63 million hours of training to enhance
their current skills and learn new skills. 1,06,000
employees were also trained in digital skills.
HCLTech is commited to build a diverse workforce
across multiple dimensions in a verifiable and
measurable manner. Gender diversity stands at 28.8%
during FY 2024-25. The Company s Chief Executive
Officer & Managing Director ( CEO & Managing
Director ) has one of the primary functions of managing
the Company s Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion ( DE&I )
initiatives. To affirm, guide and suppor the Company s
commitment towards ESG and drive gender diversity,
the Company has in place a Commitee of the
Company named the ESG & Diversity Equity Inclusion
Commitee. DE&I Centre of Excellence has established
an inspiring and transformational learning program for
all employees, Inclusion at Scale, to educate people on
various aspects of inclusion via shor video modules.
Inclusion at Scale training aims to foster an inclusive
culture through ongoing education, awareness, and
application. IT aids in developing a common language of
inclusion across teams and organizations globally.
The Company s people-centric programs like
TalentXchange, MentorMe and Aspire help to enrich
its employees. TalentXchange, an AI-powered internal
talent marketplace, is designed to match employees
with suitable internal job opporunities based on their
skills and interests. This initiative fosters career growth
and enhances internal mobility by providing employees
with insights into trending skills and supporing
them in bridging skill gaps through targeted learning
resources. MentorMe is a global mentoring platform,
enrolling over 32,000 employees from 60 countries.
The program offers tailored mentoring experiences,
supporing employees career goals and professional
development through a structured platform that
connects mentors and mentees based on compatibility
and shared objectives. The Aspire Learning Journey
Program employs a 4D learning model, combining
e-learning, instructor-led training, hands-on practice,
and capstone projects to provide a holistic learning
experience. The program features a structured
curriculum with interim assessments, final assessments,
and capstone projects, ensuring continuous skill
development and career growth. The program engaged
51,000+ paricipants from 30+ countries, reflecting its
global reach and inclusivity.
Generative AI is revolutionizing how the Company
approaches people function by enhancing its ability
to staff, engage and grow. HCLTech, leverages
Generative AI to revolutionize talent acquisition with
its Talent Navigator platform. This AI-powered solution
enhances every hiring process step by automating and
streamlining various tasks so that hiring managers,
recruiters, and HR parners are empowered to focus
on strategic decision-making and talent engagement.
The result is a more efficient, data-driven, and scalable
hiring process that not only improves the quality of hires
but also boosts internal mobility and reduces time-
to-hire, driving measurable business impact across
the organization. HCLTech s internally developed
virual mentor, MentorBot, helps employees with
workplace challenges and dilemmas, ultimately
reducing workplace stress. The tool acts as a personal
coach, guiding the employees in their personal and
professional journey within HCLTech. Being powered

Directors Repor
by GenAI, MentorBot encourages employees to be less
discreet in explaining their apprehensions. MentorBot
aims to proactively identify and address the major
interpersonal concerns within an organization, ensuring
a supporive and responsive work environment for the
employees. In addition to emphasizing technical skills
for talent development, HCLTech also focuses on
enhancing the leadership capabilities of its managers.
Unlike technical skills, leadership is highly contextual
and varies between individuals and situations.
Through the SuperManager program, HCLTech
reaffirms the managers with the positive actions and
impacts they have created within their teams. These
acknowledgments serve as a guiding needle, helping
managers understand what works best for their teams.
Furhermore, they act as a valuable guidebook for
other managers, offering insights into management
and leadership tailored to the unique environment
at HCLTech. The Company has also created a digital
employee parner by creating a global community
page. More than 90% of HCLTech employees are par
of this initiative, where they are encouraged to provide
transparent and candid feedback on policies, processes
and technology to drive many data-driven decisions.
The Company builds hi-tech solutions for its clients and
leverage technology to empower the employees and
functions. For instance, the Company internally revamp
its people management processes through technology-
led process transformation under Project Transcend.
The goal is to build best-in-class hire processes
leveraging leading SAP technologies to reinvent
employee experience and drive process efficiency. The
key objectives cover reimagining H2R processes by
leveraging technology, empowering HR managers to
take more informed decisions and improve employee
engagement and retention, provide consumer grade
user experience to candidates and employees through
process transparency, self-service and consistent
omnichannel experience across all touchpoint spanning
entire employee lifecycle, reduce time to hire and
improve early billability by brining process efficiency,
automation and enhancing information accessibility,
improve organization agility, adopt a skill based
economy by standardizing roles and skill definition and
ultimately improve data management which helps in
making intelligent data driven decisions.
The Company s priorities will continue to strengthen
how IT hires, trains and deploys its talent aligned to its
strategy. Specifically, next year will focus on building
skills and talent for an AI-first future. HCLTech intends
to do this through its refreshed operating model that
places skills at the center of talent decision-making.
The Company is increasing data transparency about
skills, proficiencies, deployment and its linkage
to rewards and progression to all employees. The
Company s entry-level talent and proactive hiring
strategy will focus on specialization through upskilling
to build future skills at scale. The refreshed operating
model opens an opporunity to look at roles and
organizational hierarchies to create a more market-
agile and customer-centric organization.
35. Conservation of Energy, Research and
Development, Technology Absorption,
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
Disclosures of pariculars as required under Section
134(3)(m) of the Act read with the Companies
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 to the extent applicable to the
Company are set out in Annexure 4 to this Repor.
36. Directors Responsibility Statement
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 of the Act,
the Board of Directors, to the best of its knowledge and
ability, confirm that:
The financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with the accounting standards issued by
the Institute of Charered Accountants of India and
the requirements of the Act to the extent applicable
to the Company. There have been no material
deparures from prescribed accounting standards
while preparing these financial statements;
The Board of Directors has selected the
accounting policies described in the notes to the
accounts, which have been consistently applied,
except where otherwise stated. The estimates and
judgments relating to the financial statements
have been made on a prudent basis, in order that
the financial statements reflect in a true and fair
manner, the state of affairs of the Company as at
March 31, 2025 and the profit of the Company for
the year ended on that date;
The Board of Directors has taken proper and
sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets
of the Company and for preventing and detecting
fraud and other irregularities;
The annual accounts have been prepared on a
going concern basis;
The Board of Directors has laid down internal
financial controls to be followed by the Company
and that such internal financial controls are
adequate and are operating effectively; and
The Board of Directors has devised proper systems
to ensure compliance with the provisions of
all applicable laws and that such systems are
adequate and operating effectively.
37. Employee Stock Options Plans
HCL Technologies Limited - Restricted Stock Unit Plan
2021 & HCL Technologies Limited - Restricted Stock Unit
Plan 2024 (collectively referred to as HCL RSU Plans ):
Pursuant to the approvals of shareholders of the
Company obtained on November 28, 2021 and July
3, 2024 via Postal Ballot, the Board of Directors of
the Company has been authorized to adopt and
implement HCL Technologies Limited - Restricted
Stock Unit Plan 2021 ( RSU Plan 2021 ) and HCL
Technologies Limited - Restricted Stock Unit Plan
2024 ( RSU Plan 2024 ) respectively, and grant

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
for employees, directors and other stakeholders of
the Company to repor genuine concerns (including
reporing of instances of leakage of unpublished price
sensitive information) and to ensure strict compliance
with ethical and legal standards across the Company.
The provisions of this Policy are in line with the
provisions of the Section 177(9) of the Act and the
Listing Regulations and the said Policy is available on
the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.
com/corporate/whistleblower-policy. The details of
the Whistleblower Policy are provided in the Corporate
Governance Repor.
39. Observance of the Secretarial Standards
Issued by the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India
The Company complies with all the applicable
Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of
Company Secretaries of India and notified by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
40.Disclosure Under the Sexual Harassment
of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
The Company has in place a Prevention and Redressal
of Sexual Harassment at Workplace Policy in line with
the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013. The Company has constituted an Internal
Complaints Commitee for the redressal of all sexual
harassment complaints. These maters are also being
repored to the Audit Commitee. The details of the
Policy have been stated in the Corporate Governance
41. Pariculars of Employees
The information required pursuant to provisions of
Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are given below:
The ratio of remuneration of each director to the
median remuneration of the employees of the
Company for the financial year 2024-25:
Name of the Director
Ratio to median
remuneration of
employees(1)
Executive Director
1.
Mr. C. Vijayakumar, CEO &
Managing Director
662.57
103.39(2)
Non-Executive Director(3)
2.
Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian
6.82
3.
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
6.63
4.
Ms. Lee Fang Chew(4)
-
5.
Mr. S. Madhavan(5)
-
6.
Dr. Mohan Chellappa(5)
-
Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) to the Eligible
Employees of the Company and/or its Subsidiary/
Associate Company(ies).
Brief details of the HCL RSU Plans are as under:
Details
RSU Plan 2021
RSU Plan 2024
Total
number
of RSUs
to be
offered
A maximum of
1,11,00,000 (One
crore eleven lakhs)
RSUs in one or
more tranches
may be granted
under the RSU
Plan 2021, which
on exercise would
entitle not more
than 1,11,00,000
(One crore eleven
lakhs) equity
shares of ₹2/- each
(approximately
0.41% of the paid-
up equity share
capital as on March
31, 2021), with each
such RSU conferring
a right upon the
Grantee to apply for
one equity share of
the Company, which
may be adjusted
for any corporate
action(s) in terms of
the RSU Plan 2021.
A maximum of
84,60,000 (Eighty
four lakhs sixty
thousand) RSUs in
one or more tranches
may be granted
under the RSU
Plan 2024, which
on exercise would
entitle not more than
84,60,000 (Eighty
four lakhs sixty
thousand) equity
shares of ₹2/- each
(approximately 0.31%
of the paid-up equity
share capital as on
March 31, 2024),
with each such RSU
conferring a right
upon the Grantee
to apply for one
equity share of the
Company, which may
be adjusted for any
corporate action(s)
in terms of the RSU
Plan 2024.
HCL RSU Plans grant RSUs to the Eligible Employees who
receive equity shares on exercise of the vested RSUs.
HCL RSU Plans have been implemented by way of
secondary acquisition of equity shares of the Company
by HCL Technologies Stock Options Trust ( HCL Trust )
for transferring the same to the RSU Grantees on
exercise of the vested RSUs by them. Accordingly, no
fresh shares are issued or will be issued by the Company
either to the HCL Trust or the RSUs Grantees.
HCL RSU Plans are in compliance with the SEBI
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021, as amended from time to time
( SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations ) and there have been no
changes in the HCL RSU Plans during the financial year
under review.
The details of the HCL RSU Plans including
requirements specified under Regulation 14 of the
SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations are available on the
website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.
com/investor-relations/disclosures-under-sebi-
regulations-2015.
38. Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
The Company has formulated and published a
Whistleblower Policy to provide Vigil Mechanism

Directors Repor
Name of the Director
Ratio to median
remuneration of
employees(1)
7.
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
7.01
8.
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams(5)
-
9.
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra
6.19
10.
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
5.56
11.
Mr. Simon John England
9.41
12.
Dr. Sosale Shankara Sastry(5)
-
13.
Mr. R. Srinivasan(5)
-
14.
Mr. Thomas Sieber
9.08
15.
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
8.42
Notes
1)
For calculating the above ratio, the median
remuneration of employees has been taken on a
global basis.
2)
As Mr. C. Vijayakumar, CEO & Managing Director, is
based in the USA and draws remuneration from HCL
America Inc., a step-down wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, incorporated under the laws of
California, USA, the ratio of remuneration drawn by
him to median remuneration of the employees in the
USA has also been provided for reference.
3)
The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors
comprises of siting fees and commission paid/
payable for FY 2024-25.
4)
Ms. Lee Fang Chew was appointed as
Non-Executive Independent Director of the
Company w.e.f. April 25, 2024 and received the
remuneration only for par of FY 2024-25. Hence,
information of her remuneration is incomparable
and has not been provided.
5)
Mr. S. Madhavan, Dr. Mohan Chellappa,
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams, Dr. Sosale Shankara Sastry
and Mr. R. Srinivasan retired on completion of their
respective tenures as Independent Directors of
the Company w.e.f. August 5, 2024. Hence, the
remuneration of these directors is incomparable
and has not been provided.
The percentage increase in remuneration of each
Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Company Secretary in the financial year 2024-25:
Percentage increase/(decrease) in remuneration
of Non-Executive Directors
Name of the Director
% Increase/
(Decrease) in
remuneration
in the financial
1.
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra
(9%)
2.
Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian(1)
-
3.
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
4%
4.
Ms. Lee Fang Chew(2)
-
5.
Mr. S. Madhavan(3)
-
6.
Dr. Mohan Chellappa(3)
-
7.
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
10%
8.
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams(3)
-
9.
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
(6%)
10.
Mr. Simon John England
1%
11.
Dr. Sosale Shankara Sastry(3)
-
12.
Mr. R. Srinivasan(3)
-
13.
Mr. Thomas Sieber
(10%)
14.
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
(10%)
Notes
1)
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian was appointed
as Non-Executive Independent Director of the
Company w.e.f. January 12, 2024 and received
remuneration only for par of FY 2023-24. Hence,
the increase/decrease cannot be determined and
has not been provided.
2)
Ms. Lee Fang Chew was appointed as
Non-Executive Independent Director of the
Company during the current financial year,
w.e.f. April 25, 2024 and received the
remuneration only for par of FY 2024-25. Hence,
the increase/decrease cannot be determined and
has not been provided.
3)
Mr. S. Madhavan, Dr. Mohan Chellappa,
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams, Dr. Sosale Shankara Sastry and
Mr. R. Srinivasan retired on completion of their respective
tenures as Independent Directors of the Company w.e.f.
August 5, 2024 and received the remuneration only
for par of FY 2024-25. Hence, the increase/decrease
cannot be determined and has not been provided.
Percentage increase/(decrease) in remuneration of Executive Director and Key Managerial Personnel
Name of Key
Managerial Personnel
Designation
% Increase/(Decrease)
in remuneration in the
financial year after
considering the LTI
payment & perquisite
value of RSUs exercised
% Increase/(Decrease)
in remuneration in the
financial year without
considering the LTI
payment & perquisite
value of RSUs exercised
1.
Mr. C. Vijayakumar(1)
CEO & Managing Director
7.90%
23.95%
2.
Mr. Shiv Kumar Walia(2)
Chief Financial Officer
-
3.
Mr. Prateek Aggarwal(2)
Chief Financial Officer
-
4.
Mr. Manish Anand
Company Secretary
20.91%
(6.33%)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
42. Statement of Employees Pursuant to
Rules 5(2) & 5(3) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
In terms of Rules 5(2) & 5(3) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014, a separate exhibit forming par
of this repor contains the following:
the list of top ten employees of the Company in
terms of the remuneration drawn in FY 2024-25;
a statement containing the names of the
employees employed throughout the financial year
and in receipt of remuneration of ₹1.02 crores or
more per annum; and
a statement containing the names of the employees
employed for par of the year and in receipt of
remuneration of ₹8.50 lacs or more per month.
This exhibit is available on the website of the Company
at htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/
annual-repors. The Annual Repor is being sent to
the shareholders excluding the aforesaid exhibit.
Shareholders interested in obtaining this information
may access the same from the Company s website.
43. Large Corporates
As on March 31, 2025, the Company does not fall in
the category of Large Corporates for FY 2024-25,
as IT does not exceed the thresholds given in the
SEBI circular SEBI/HO/DDHS/DDHS-RACPOD1/P/
CIR/2023/172 dated October 19, 2023.
44.Acknowledgements
The Board wishes to place on record its appreciation of
the significant contributions made by the employees of
the Company, its subsidiaries and associate companies.
The Company has achieved impressive growth through
competence, hard work, solidarity, co-operation and
the suppor of employees at all levels. The Board
wishes to thank the customers, vendors, other business
associates and investors for their continued suppor
in the Company s growth and also wishes to thank the
government authorities, banks and other regulatory
bodies for their co-operation and assistance extended
to the Company.
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
Place: Noida (U.P.), India
Chairperson
Date: April 22, 2025
DIN- 02346621
Notes
1)
Mr. C. Vijayakumar is based in the USA and
draws remuneration from HCL America Inc.,
a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, incorporated under the laws
of California, USA and he did not receive
any remuneration from the Company. The
detailed break-up of his remuneration has
been provided in the Corporate Governance
2)
Mr. Shiv Kumar Walia was appointed as
the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
w.e.f. September 6, 2024, in place of
Mr. Prateek Aggarwal, who resigned from
the services of the Company w.e.f. the
said date. Since, Mr. Shiv Kumar Walia
and Mr. Prateek Aggarwal received
remuneration only for par of FY 2024-25,
the remuneration of these Key Managerial
Personnel is incomparable with the previous
financial year and has not been provided.
The percentage increase in the median remuneration
of employees in the financial year: 17.63%
The number of permanent employees on the rolls of
the Company: As on March 31, 2025, there were 1,67,316
permanent employees on the rolls of the Company. In
addition, there were 56,104 employees on the rolls of
its subsidiaries.
Average percentile increase already made in the
salaries of employees other than the managerial
personnel in the last financial year and its comparison
with the percentile increase in the managerial
remuneration and justification thereof and point out if
there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in
the managerial remuneration: The average percentage
increase made in the salaries of employees other
than the managerial personnel in the last financial
year was 3.15%. The remuneration paid to the CEO &
Managing Director is within the limits approved by the
shareholders, the percentage change in remuneration
has been stated in point B of Para 41 of this repor and
the details of the remuneration have been provided in
the Para 20 of the Corporate Governance Repor.
F.
The Company affirms that the remuneration is as per
the Remuneration Policy of the Company.
G.
Variable Pay Compensation: The variable
compensation is based on clearly laid out perormance
criteria and measures. The variable compensation is
paid in the form of Annual Perormance linked Bonus,
Long-Term Incentive ( LTI ) and Restricted Stock Units
(based on Perormance and/or Tenure). The parameters
for variable compensation include achieving targets
related to Revenues, EBIT, Net profit, Free cashflow,
Total Shareholder Return, personal KPPs, strategic
goals and other metrices such as client satisfaction,
ESG, Diversity, etc.

Directors Repor
Annexure 1 to the Directors Repor
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
The Members,
806, Siddharh, 96, Nehru Place,
Delhi- 110019, India.
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to
good corporate practices by HCL Technologies Limited
(hereinafter called the Company ). Secretarial Audit was
conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable
basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
compliance of the applicable laws and maintenance of
records based on audit. We have conducted the audit in
accordance with the applicable Auditing Standards issued
by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The
Auditing Standards requires that the Auditor shall comply
with statutory and regulatory requirements and plan and
perorm the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
compliance with applicable laws and maintenance of
records.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers,
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and
authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial
audit, we hereby repor that in our opinion, the Company
has, during the audit period covering the financial year
ended on March 31, 2025 (hereinafter called the Audit
Period ) complied with the statutory provisions listed
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board
processes and compliance mechanism in place to the
extent, in the manner and reporing made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms
and returns filed and other records maintained by the
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025
according to the provisions of:
The Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and the rules made
there under;
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ( SCRA )
and the rules made there under;
The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and
Bye-laws framed there under;
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the
rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent
of Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas Direct
Investment (External Commercial Borrowings not
Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
1992 ( SEBI Act ):-
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011;
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable to the
Company during the Audit Period)
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021;
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue and Listing of non-converible Securities)
Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the
Company during the Audit Period)
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act
and dealing with client;
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
(Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit
Period) and
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. (Not
Applicable to the Company during the Audit
Period)
We have also examined compliance with the applicable
clauses of the following:
Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of
Company Secretaries of India and notified by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and the amendments made
thereunder. ( Listing Regulations ).
During the audit period the Company has complied
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines, Standards, etc. as mentioned above.
We furher repor that, having regard to the
compliance system prevailing in the Company and
on the examination of the relevant documents and
records in pursuance thereof, on test- check basis, the
Company has generally complied with Sector/ Industry
based law applicable as mentioned below:

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25

The Special Economic Zone Act, 2005

Software Technology Parks of India Rules and
We furher repor that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the
composition of the Board of Directors that took place
during the audit period were carried out in compliance with
the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were
sent at least seven days in advance (except few meetings
were convened at a shorer notice for which necessary
approval were obtained as per applicable provisions) and a
system exists for seeking and obtaining furher information
and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting
and for meaningful paricipation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings and Commitee Meetings
are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of
the meetings of the Board of Directors or Commitee of the
Board, as the case may be.
We furher repor that there are systems and processes in
the Company commensurate with the size and operations
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We furher repor that during the audit period, the Company
obtained shareholder approval on July 3, 2024 through
postal ballot, for the adoption of the HCL Technologies
Limited- Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2024 for all eligible
employees of the Company, its subsidiaries, and/or
associate companies.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cer. No.: 6290/2024
Makarand M. Joshi
Parner
FCS: 5533
CP: 3662
Date: April 22, 2025
UDIN: F005533G000171371
Place: Mumbai
This repor is to be read with our leter of even date which
is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral par of this
Annexure-A
The Members,
806, Siddharh 96, Nehru Place,
Delhi-110019, India.
Our Repor of even date is to be read along with this leter.
1.
Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.
We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about
the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4.
Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and
regulations and happening of events etc.
5.
The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.
The Secretarial Audit repor is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
Company Secretaries
ICSI UIN.: P2009MH007000
Peer Review Cer. No.: 6290/2024
Makarand M. Joshi
Parner
FCS: 5533
CP : 3662
Date: April 22, 2025
UDIN: F005533G000171371
Place: Mumbai

Directors Repor
Annexure 2 to the Directors Repor
FORM NO. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013
and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of pariculars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related paries referred to
in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including cerain arm s length transactions under third proviso
thereto.
1.
Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm s length basis
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, HCL Technologies Limited ( HCLTech ) has not entered into any
contract or arrangement or transaction with its related paries which is not at arm s length.
2.
Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm s length basis
Name(s) of the related pary and nature of relationship:
During the financial year ended March 31, 2025, the material transactions in terms of Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 were underaken with the following step-down wholly
owned subsidiaries, being the related paries:
Name of the step-down
wholly owned subsidiaries
Place of Incorporation
Amount of transaction
1.
USA
3,361
2.
India
2,219
3.
UK
24,814
4.
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
Germany
1,433
5.
UK
1,983
Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions:
Rendering/obtaining of services, product sales and other miscellaneous income.
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transactions:
Ongoing.
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including the value, if any:

HCL Technologies Limited to provide IT/ITES services to the existing and new clients of the above-mentioned
step-down wholly owned subsidiaries including various suppor and general administrative services as may be
required from time to time;

The above-mentioned step-down wholly owned subsidiaries shall respectively provide IT/ITES services
including sales and marketing suppor services to HCL Technologies Limited;

The respective paries shall diligently perorm their respective obligations under the contracts in a timely
manner and provide services in accordance with the work order issued by the customer;

The respective paries shall submit invoices on timely basis for the services provided for each project to each
other as per the terms of contract and promptly pay the same;

The respective paries shall be responsible for all the expenses incurred in connection with providing its
services;

The paries shall comply with the local, state and federal laws and regulations applicable while providing
services; and

The value of the transaction with each of the related paries is given in a) above.
Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any:
Not applicable, since the contracts were entered into the ordinary course of business and on arm s length basis.
Amount paid as advances, if any:
NIL.

Roshni Nadar Malhotra
Place: Noida (U.P.), India

Chairperson
Date: April 22, 2025

DIN- 02346621

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Annexure 3 to the Directors Repor
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ( CSR ) ACTIVITIES
1.
A brief outline of the Company s CSR policy
The objective of the CSR policy (the Policy ) of the Company is to lay down the guiding principles for selection,
implementation, monitoring, and evaluation of CSR activities as well as formulation of the Annual Action Plan, for
ensuring growth and advancement of society and conservation of natural resources. To meet its goals, the Company
drives its Corporate Social Responsibility agenda through its CSR arm, HCL Foundation, a Public Charitable Trust
registered with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs as required under the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made
thereunder, and also registered under Sections 12A & 80G of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
HCL Foundation has been set up to take up projects and programmes as par of its CSR mandate which are aligned
to the Sustainable Development Goals. The CSR activities, projects and programmes underaken by the Company
are those that are approved by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the CSR Commitee and are
covered under the areas set out in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013. All CSR initiatives are inclusive, gender
transformative, with special atention to the ultra-poor, people with disabilities and environment conservation.
The key CSR streams are early Childhood Care & Development, Health, Education, Skill Development & Livelihood,
Water, Sanitation & Hygiene, Environment, Disaster Risk Reduction & Response and Gender & Inclusion.
2.
The composition of the CSR Commitee
Name of Director
Designation/Nature of
Directorship
Number of meetings
of CSR Commitee
held during the year#
Number of meetings
of CSR Commitee
atended during the year#
1.
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra
Chairperson
Non-Executive Non-Independent
Director
2.
Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian*
Member, Independent Director
3.
Mr. S. Madhavan**
Member, Independent Director
4.
Dr. Mohan Chellappa**
Member, Independent Director
5.
Mr. Simon John England*
Member, Independent Director
# The number of meetings held & atended (as shown in these columns) are the meetings that were held & atended
during the tenure of the respective Directors being the members of the CSR Commitee.
*Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian and Mr. Simon John England, Independent Directors were co-opted as members of the
CSR Commitee w.e.f August 5, 2024.
** Mr. S. Madhavan and Dr. Mohan Chellappa ceased to be the Independent Directors of the Company on completion of
their respective tenures w.e.f. August 5, 2024. Accordingly, they ceased to be members of the Commitee w.e.f. the said date.
3.
The web-link where Composition of CSR Commitee, CSR policy and CSR projects approved by the Board are
disclosed on the website of the Company
htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/corporate-social-responsibility
4.
Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance
of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014
During the financial year under review an independent impact assessment of 42 projects was carried out through the
independent agencies. The executive summary of these impact assessment repors is atached herewith as Appendix A
to this Annexure 3.
The detailed impact assessment repors are available on the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/
investors/corporate-social-responsibility-hcl.

(₹/ crores)
5.
Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)
14,051
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)
281.02
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years
0.32*
Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any
NIL
Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]
281.34

*This surplus is on account of interest earned during FY 2024-25 on CSR funds and therefore, would not be set off in
the succeeding financial years. This surplus amount was spent during FY 2024-25.

Directors Repor

(₹/ crores)
6.
Amount spent on CSR Projects (both ongoing project and other than ongoing project)
278.52
Amount spent in Administrative Overheads
1.60
Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable
1.22
Total amount spent for the financial year [(a)+(b)+(c)]
281.34
CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total amount spent
for the financial year
(in ₹/crores)
Amount unspent (in ₹/crores)
Total amount transferred to unspent
CSR account as per Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under
Schedule VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
Amount
Name of the fund
Amount
281.34
NIL
Excess amount for set-off, if any
Pariculars
Amount
(in ₹/crores)
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)
281.02
Total amount spent for the financial year
281.34
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]
0.32*
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial
years, if any
0.32*
Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]
-
*This surplus is on account of interest earned during FY 2024-25 on CSR funds and therefore, would not be set off
in the succeeding financial years. This surplus amount was spent during FY 2024-25.
7.
Details of unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years
Preceding
Financial
Year
Amount
transferred
to unspent
CSR
account
under
Section
135(6) (in ₹)
Balance
amount in
Unspent CSR
Account
under
Section
135(6) (in ₹)
Amount
spent
in the
financial
year (in ₹)
Amount transferred to a fund
specified under Schedule VII as
per second proviso to Section
135(5), if any
Amount
to be
spent in
succeeding
financial
years (in ₹)
Deficiency,
if any
Amount (in ₹)
NA
8.
Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in
the financial year
The Company has not directly created or acquired any capital asset through CSR spent during the financial year ended
March 31, 2025. All CSR expenditure has been done through the implementing agencies.
9.
Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per Section 135(5)
C. Vijayakumar

Roshni Nadar Malhotra
CEO & Managing Director
Chairperson - CSR Commitee
DIN- 09244485

Chairperson - HCL Technologies Limited

DIN- 02346621

Place: Noida (U.P.), India
Date: April 22, 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Appendix - A of Annexure 3
Executive Summary - Impact Assessment Carried Out During the Year
HCL Foundation has been implementing various CSR projects to alleviate povery and achieve inclusive growth and
development through a life cycle-based integrated community development approach. During the financial year
2024-25, Impact Assessments were conducted for the eligible completed projects by third-pary independent agencies.
The projects underaken for impact assessment covers the broad thematic of Early Childhood Care and Development
( ECCD ), Education, Environment, Health, Water, Sanitation & Hygiene ( WASH ), Skill Development & Livelihood ( SD&L )
and Spors.
The assessments were guided by various frameworks including OECD-DAC Relevance, Effectiveness, Efficiency,
Sustainability, Impact plus Coherence ( REESI+C ), Inclusiveness, Relevance, Effectiveness, Convergence and Sustainability
( IRECS ) and were evaluated based on Social Return on Investment ( SRoI ).
Project-Wise Summary
Project Name
1.
Hill Waters & Wetlands for Communities & Wildlife - Eco-Restoration, Applied
Ecology & Advocacy
Implemented By
Keystone Foundation (FY 2018-19 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
The Nilgiris region, Tamil Nadu
The objective of the project was to promote human-wildlife integration, sustainable practices for enhanced livelihood and
life-skills in the communities. The intervention resulted in enhancement of water security and ecological restoration with
beter hygiene practices. The project has directly benefited over 80,000 people in Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve ( NBR ) region
during the project period. SRoI for the project is 2.45 which indicates that IT has generated 2.45 units of socio-economic
value for the stakeholders of every unit invested.
Project Name
2.
Sambalam - Inclusive Education for Children with Visual Impairment in Rajasthan,
Bihar and West Bengal
Implemented By
Royal Commonwealth Society for the Blind ( RCSB ) - Sightsavers (FY 2018-19 to
FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
IIHMR University
Locations
Jhalawar (District) and Udaipur (District), Rajasthan
Jehanabad (District) and Bhagalpur (District), Bihar
Howrah (District), West Bengal
The objective of the project was to create a conducive and inclusive environment in the educational institutions for
Children with Visual Impairments ( CVIs ). The project benefited 3,323 CVIs and among which, 80+ students completed
10th and 12th examinations over entire project duration. The assessment repor shows that the project acted as a platform to
mainstream the students with visual impairment, where inclusive education has recorded 85% regular atendance, 50% of
CVIs had learnt to use braille script, 15% could read bold or large/bold printed materials and 29% could read normal print,
which includes single-eye vision and parial vision.
Project Name
3.
Life Connect - Improving Healthcare Access and Preventing Maternal and Child Death
across 3 districts of Nagaland
Implemented By
Eleutheros Christian Society (FY 2018-19 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
NOUS Consulting
Locations
Tuensang, Mon and Longleng, Nagaland
The objective of the project was to build and establish beter healthcare delivery ecosystem in the eastern Nagaland
with an integrated approach. 13 health centers revived under the project enabling 86,501 people availing Outpatients
Deparment ( OPD ) and ensured 1,701 institutional deliveries in the healthcare facility. Across intervened locations, 92% of
the women repored having deliveries at the hospitals. The assessment repor shows 94% of the women across the three
districts repored the healthcare experience to be either good or very good and 96% women repored that their children
had received all the vaccinations.

Directors Repor
Project Names
4.
Improving Lives of Stray Animals and Addressing Human - Animal Conflict inside
Community Areas of Chennai
5.
Improving Lives of Stray Animals and Addressing Human - Animal Conflict inside
Community Areas of Bengaluru
Implemented By
Blue Cross of India (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Compassion Unlimited Plus Action (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Ernst & Young India Private Limited
Locations
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Bengaluru, Karnataka
The objective of the projects was to address the challenges faced by stray animal s population and to improve its well-
being, thereby, mitigating human-animal conflicts. In Chennai, through this intervention, 8,748 dogs sterilized, 963 dogs
vaccinated and 43,991 were treated and rescued. Likewise, in Bengaluru, 3,158 stray animals treated, 2,162 stray cats
neutered and 616 stray dogs sterilized.
Project Names
6.
Chakachak Urban Village Project Focusing on Promotion of Sanitation in Noida - HPPI
7.
Chakachak Urban Village Project Focusing on Promotion of Sanitation in Noida - SDS
Implemented By
Humana People to People India ( HPPI ) (FY 2020-21 to FY 2021-22)
Samvedna Development Society ( SDS ) (FY 2020-21 to FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Noida, Utar Pradesh
The objective of the projects was to promote sustainable cleanliness practices in the 62 urban villages of Noida. Several
activities including community-wide cleanliness drives, sanitation campaigns and strategic communication effors like wall
paintings and advocating waste management practices introduced. During the project s cycle, 6,760+ tons of wastes and
5,790+ tons of debris collected from the drains. Proper waste collection, segregation and disposal practices imbibed in the
intervened communities.
Project Name
8.
Dairy Value Chain Development Project focusing on Dairy Livelihood Enhancement
Implemented By
End Povery (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Hardoi (District), Utar Pradesh
The project had successfully trained approximately 38,000 dairy farmers of Hardoi to help in the enhancement of their
dairy knowledge and practices. IT covered the aspects of health & nutrition, breed improvement, farm management,
promotion of quality arificial insemination and veterinary services. Furher, the project also worked in strengthening
market linkages exploring economic opporunities in the segment.
Project Name
9.
Sakshar Samuday Project Promoting Education and Employment Enhancing Vocation
Skills among Women
Implemented By
Poorvanchal Gramin Vikas Sansthan (FY 2020-21 to FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Hardoi (District), Utar Pradesh
The project was designed and implemented to address issues related to basic literacy and skills through need-based
approach. IT has utilized a community driven model, where Community Literacy Volunteers ( CLV ) helped the paricipants
to get equipped with foundational literacy and numeracy skills, which are basic human rights. The project had successfully
addressed the persistent challenge of illiteracy in the region by enabling 25,000+ individuals to achieve foundational
literacy and numeracy skills in 28 Gram Panchayats of Hardoi district.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Project Name
10.
Youth Skill Development Project Enhancing Vocational Skills
Implemented By
HCL Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Hardoi (District), Utar Pradesh
The project focused on equipping youth with industry-specific skills for enhancing their employability and fostering socio-
economic growth. Structured training, job placements and ongoing suppor were provided to 2,051 paricipants and among
which 1,400 were cerified and 1,150+ were placed in various sectors.
Project Name
11.
Spors for Change - Spors Training & Holistic Development
Implemented By
Kooh Spors Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Noida and Lucknow, Utar Pradesh
The objective of the project was to empower young students from economically marginalized families, aged 11 to 18 years
through spors as a pathway to success, providing professional training, career opporunities and community suppor. The
assessment shows that for every rupee invested, IT has generated 3.10 units of socio-economic value for the stakeholders
under SRoI. IT has also helped in fostering long-term behavioral changes as well as building community trust in spors.
Project Name
12.
Spors for Change - Spors Training & Holistic Development
Implemented By
The Kutumb Foundation (FY 2021-22 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Gautam Buddha Nagar, Utar Pradesh
The project aimed to promote spors in fostering the overall development of the youth and to develop possibilities for
furher pursuit in spors. IT has effectively addressed the issue of low spors paricipation, lack of access to structured
training and gender barriers in spors, paricularly for children from marginalized backgrounds. The SRoI assessment
revealed that for every ₹1 invested in the project, IT has successfully generated ₹1.57 value.
Project Name
13.
Gurukul - Bridge, Remedial, After-School Suppor Classes/Police Clubs/Mobile
Education Vans
Implemented By
Childhood Enhancement Through Training and Action ( CHETNA ) (FY 2020-21 to
FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow and Noida, Utar Pradesh
The project aimed to promote education and life-skills among 10,687 socio-economic marginalized sections children. IT
focused upon alternative education and remedial education to reduce the number of schools drop-outs, enhancing basic
education, imbibing life-skills & hygiene practices, promote gender inclusion and reduce juvenile crime etc. The SRoI
calculation shows that IT has generated 2.38 units of socio-economic value for the stakeholders.
Project Name
14.
Services & Infrastructural Strengthening under Integrated Child Development
Services ( ICDS ) for Addressing Health, Nutrition and the Development Needs of
Young Girls & Boys - Early Childhood Care and Development ( ECCD )
Implemented By
Child Fund India (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh
Bengaluru, Karnataka
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
The project was implemented to strengthened Anganwadi centers to provide holistic development of children from
marginalized communities in Chennai and Vijayawada. IT covered 650 children in Chennai and 600 children in Vijayawada.
Improved learning and school readiness with enhanced child nutrition and health was observed in all the Anganwadi
children. In Bengaluru, the project focused on 11,805 students from economically weaker backgrounds and the assessment
shows enhanced academic engagement, improved learning infrastructure and enhancement in socio-emotional
development.

Directors Repor
Project Name
15.
Strengthening the Access & Quality of Childcare Services for All Young Children
Under 6 Years Through Home, Centre and Community Based Approaches
Implemented By
Sesame Workshop India Trust (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Lucknow, Utar Pradesh
The objective of the project was to promote active father-child engagement and create a supporive environment for the
child s holistic development. IT covered 500+ fathers, who had children in the age group of 3-8 years. The assessment
shows that young fathers adopt positive parenting practices and promote nururing interactions with their children.
Additionally, SRoI calculation shows that for each unit of currency invested, IT has generated 3.22 units of socio-economic
value for the stakeholders.
Project Name
16.
Career Guidance & Counselling
Implemented By
Buddy 4 Study India Foundation (FY 2021-22 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Pan India
The project aimed to provide financial assistance and life skills training to meritorious underprivileged students and
enabling them to pursue their academic as well as athletic aspirations. Under this project, 550+ students have been
awarded academic and spors scholarships on need basis which has helped to prevent students from dropping-out of
schools, colleges and other institutions.
Project Name
17.
My School - Enhancement of State/Under-Served Schools to Strengthen the Quality
of Primary and Secondary Education Leading to Relevant and Effective Learning
Outcomes
Implemented By
The Kutumb Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Noida, Utar Pradesh
The objective of the project was to integrate drama as an ar into the education system to enrich children s learning
experience. IT specifically targeted the students from classes 3rd to 8th covering 230 total beneficiaries with an aim to
foster holistic development by integrating drama-based learning into the curriculum. The project has led to significant
improvement in holistic development, life skills enhancement, environmental awareness, academic perormance, engaging
learning and provide opporunity to continue education during COVID-19 pandemic.
Project Name
18.
My School - Enhancement of State/Under-Served Schools to Strengthen the Quality
of Primary and Secondary Education Leading to Relevant and Effective Learning
Outcomes
Implemented By
Kailash Satyarhi Children s Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow and Noida, Utar Pradesh
The project focused on safeguarding child rights, awareness creation, advocacy, inclusivity and well-being among in-
school and out of school children. The project out-reach was 10,000+ children of which 98% of the students received
information on child rights and 80% understanding key terms about child rights. Furher, 97% learned their fundamental
rights, and 98% could identify unsafe situations.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Project Name
19.
My School - Enhancement of State/Under-Served Schools to Strengthen the Quality
of Primary and Secondary Education Leading to Relevant and Effective Learning
Outcomes
Implemented By
Study Hall Educational Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Lucknow, Utar Pradesh
The project had transformed 16 government schools into inclusive and engaged learning spaces. IT emerged as a medium
to address challenges like traditional teaching methods and low teacher-child ratio. During COVID-19, the school students
were provided e-learning resources, continued engagement, and learning suppor. The assessment repor shows 100% of
the students enjoyed the school environment, felt motivated with activity-based learning and enjoyed to atend school
more regularly. The initiative empowered students academically by strengthening collaboration between educators,
parents, and children. A survey for Learning, Speaking, Reading and Writing ( LSRW ) skills (5th and above) indicated that
97% of the students improved in listening, 96% in reading, 77% in writing and 69% in speaking. The project successfully built
2.98 units of socio- economic value for stakeholders as per SRoI calculation.
Project Name
20. Providing Market Oriented Employable Skills with Wage/Self Employment
Opporunities through Skill Training Centers ( Yuvakendras )
Implemented By
The Kutumb Foundation (FY 2021-22 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Gautam Buddha Nagar, Utar Pradesh
The project aimed to empower 50 under-privileged individuals through skill development training. Through this project,
theatre skills were made accessible to marginalized communities addressing personal and professional development by
improving life and social skills, promoting gender equality and fostering positive change in the community.
Project Name
21.
Incubation of Social Entrepreneurs/Micro-Enterprises
Implemented By
I. Create India (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow, Utar Pradesh
Bengaluru, Karnataka
The objective of the project was to empower retired army veterans, paricularly retired Non-Commissioned Officers
( NCOs ) and Junior Commissioned Officers ( JCOs ) by equipping them with the necessary skills, resources and suppor
to establish as well as manage successful enterprises. The project s outreach was 1,079 and has helped in promoting local
economic development, enhancing livelihoods, and fostering socio-economic inclusion.
Project Name
22.
Providing Market Oriented Employable Skills with Wage/Self Employment
Opporunities through Skill Training Centers ( Yuvakendras )
Implemented By
Aide et Action, India (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Madurai and Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Bengaluru, Karnataka
The project aimed to provide hands-on industry-aligned training to 3,104 under-privileged youth and bridging the gap
between technical skills and workplace readiness. IT focused on enhancing the employability of underprivileged youth
by providing market-oriented vocational training through skill training centers, known as Yuvakendras. Post-training, IT
successfully facilitated job placements for 87% of respondents, with 97% securing full-time jobs and a few opting for par-
time jobs or self-employment.

Directors Repor
Project Name
23. Providing Market Oriented Employable Skills with Wage/Self Employment
Opporunities through Skill Training Centers ( Yuvakendras )
Implemented By
Centum Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh
Hyderabad, Telangana
The project aimed to address skill gap among 2,015 underprivileged youth as well as college graduates and equipping
them with market-relevant competencies to enhance their employability. The assessment repor shows that the average
monthly income increased from ₹11,563 to ₹16,659, improving financial security and economic independence. Additionally,
90% of the respondents received placement in the skilled role for which they had atended the training.
Project Name
24. Providing Market Oriented Employable Skills with Wage/Self Employment
Opporunities through Skill Training Centers ( Yuvakendras )
Implemented By
Dr. Reddy s Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Noida, Utar Pradesh
Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh
The aim of the project was to equip 800 youths with market-relevant competencies and facilitate effective job
placements, fostering economic empowerment and social mobility. IT acted as a bridge to reduce the gap between the
demand and supply of skilled labour by providing a 60-day training encompassing core employability and technical skills.
The assessment shows that 81% of respondents secured placements within three months of completing training. Furher,
average monthly income of the project paricipants increased from ₹3,594 to ₹13,438.
Project Name
25.
Women Empowerment - Collectivization of Women into Self Help Groups ( SHGs ) to
bring about Social, Economical & Psychological Empowerment
Implemented By
EFRAH - Empowerment for Rehabilitation Academic & Health (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-
23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Location
Noida, Utar Pradesh
The objective of the project was to strengthen existing SHGs and facilitate economic empowerment by training women
in entrepreneurship, financial literacy and leadership. A key component of the project involved organizing women into
Cluster Federations to ensure representation, sustainability and stronger decision-making power within SHGs. IT s outreach
was 2,879 and IT emphasised financial inclusion and digital literacy, enabling beneficiaries to access government schemes
and financial services. The repor shows that 99% of surveyed paricipants had a bank account, demonstrating strong
financial inclusion. Furher, 60% of the loans - availed for investment purposes to either star or expand livelihood avenues
and for educational needs.
Project Name
26. Women Empowerment - Collectivization of Women into Self Help Groups ( SHGs ) to
bring about Social, Economical & Psychological Empowerment
Implemented By
Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Madurai, Tamil Nadu
Bengaluru, Karnataka
Hyderabad, Telangana
The aim of the project was to empower 848 women from urban, underprivileged and economically disadvantaged
households. IT aimed to provide entrepreneurial education as well as vocational training to help women develop the skills
and knowledge required to establish as well as manage innovative-sustainable business ventures. The assessment repor
shows that 21% of paricipants stared their own businesses, including tailoring (39%), handicrafts (36%) and agriculture-
based enterprises (9%). Furher, that household income increased from ₹20,940.53 to ₹27,218.31, reflecting financial
growth post-training.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Project Name
27.
Providing Market Oriented Employable Skills with Wage/Self Employment
Opporunities through Skill Training Centers ( Yuvakendras )
Implemented By
The Apparel Training & Design Centre (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow and Noida, Utar Pradesh
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Hyderabad, Telangana
The objective of the project was to provide technical training on Apparel Manufacturing Technology ( AMT ) and Sewing
Machine Operations ( SMO ), supplemented with soft skills development for 1,319 young people. The impact assessment
repor shows 68% of respondents secured employment within three months of training completion. Furher, paricipant s
income surged from ` 9,891 to ` 17,140.
Project Name
28. Providing Market Oriented Employable Skills with Wage/Self Employment
Opporunities through Skill Training Centers ( Yuvakendras )
Implemented By
Magic Bus India Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Pune and Nagpur, Maharashtra
The aim of the project was to empower 3,900 marginalised youth through robust industry-driven training curriculum. The
repor shows all of the respondents received placement upon the completion of their course. Furher, analysis revealed
high traction for salaried jobs post-training, surging from 56% to 92%.
Project Name
29. Non-Communicable/Communicable Diseases, Elderly Care, Nutrition, Well Being
and Mental Health in and around Urban Slum Communities and Schools - Treating
Children with Hearing Impairment ( Cochlear Implant )
Implemented By
Chiranjiv Medical Foundation (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Noida, Utar Pradesh
Delhi
The objective of the project was to suppor children from economically disadvantaged backgrounds with hearing
impairments. A total of 1,406 were screened, among which 21 received Cochlear Implant. The assessment repor shows
all parents repored that their children have become more independent with their daily activities and decision-making.
Furher, 60% of the children have shown remarkable progress in the rehabilitation process and communicate fluently due
to which they have successfully been integrated into regular schools.
Project Name
30. Reproductive, Maternal, New-born, Child & Adolescent Health ( RMNCH +A ) : School
Health & Wellness
Implemented By
Mamta Health Institute for Mother & Child (FY 2021-22 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow and Noida, Utar Pradesh
The objective of the project was to create a gender-sensitive school ecosystem to tackle gender-based issues and
facilitate a positive environment that suppors girl s access to education. IT had engaged a diverse set of stakeholders,
reaching a total of 97,893 beneficiaries resulting positive shift in atitudes toward gender equality. The assessment
shows significant decrease in dropouts across the three schools evaluated, with Upper Primary School ( UPS ) Chinhat
Girls reporing a complete elimination of dropouts (100% decrease), UPS Matiyari saw a 20% reduction and UPS Semra
experienced a 14% decrease, indicating positive impacts on student retention.

Directors Repor
Project Name
31.
Reproductive, Maternal, New-born, Child & Adolescent Health ( RMNCH +A )
Improving Demand and Supply of RMNCH+A Services
Implemented By
Mamta Health Institute for Mother & Child (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow and Noida, Utar Pradesh
Bengaluru, Karnataka
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
The project objective was to enhance reproductive health, hygiene and nutrition among women community covering over
8,000 pregnant women, lactating women, adolescents and other community members. IT enhanced the awareness as
well as helped in the adoption of menstrual health & hygiene practices, modern family planning methods and improved
nutritional behaviours. The assessment repor shares majority of pregnant (90%) and lactating (90%) women repored
increased awareness of Mother and Child Health ( MCH ) and general healthcare topics. A majority of pregnant (90%)
and lactating (90%) women repored increased awareness of MCH and general healthcare topics due to the program.
Additionally, 60% of Accredited Social Health Activists ( ASHAs ) Auxiliary Nurse Midwifes ( ANMs ), and Medical Officer In-
Charges ( MoICs ), along with 80% of adolescent girls, acknowledged the program s role in disseminating crucial health-
related information.
Project Name
32. Non-Communicable/Communicable diseases, Elderly care, Nutrition, well-being and
Mental Health in and Around Urban Slum Communities and Schools
Implemented By
School Health Annual Repor Programme (FY 2020-21 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Lucknow and Noida, Utar Pradesh
Hyderabad, Telangana
The objective of the project was to introduce Comprehensive School Health Programme in schools to provide awareness
sessions, mass campaigns, health-camps, soap banks and other crucial activities to create a safe, healthy, and supporive
environment for school children. A total of 27,289 paricipants were benefited by engaging out-of-school adolescents,
frontline workers, school staff, families, and community members and other crucial stakeholders. The assessment repor
shows over the course of the project, more than 1,500 students were screened through these specialized health camps.
Project Name
33. Ensuring Access to Safe Drinking Water & Sanitation
Implemented By
WASH Institute (FY 2019-20 to FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Chennai and Madurai, Tamil Nadu
Noida, Utar Pradesh
Bengaluru, Karnataka
The project aimed to enhance sanitation and water access for the households and school students vulnerable to hygiene-
related diseases. In schools, the project involved constructing sanitary blocks equipped with handwashing stations,
drinking water facilities, and provisions for gender and disability inclusion. IT also helped in promoting waste segregation
at source to cater to beter waste management practices and facilitating active community paricipation has ensured
sustainability, while collaboration with local officials has helped in strengthening governance and impact. The total
beneficiaries coverage in schools were 1,09,509 and in communities were 98,313.
Project Name
34. Treatment of Patients in Teriary Care Facilities at LNH and GIMS through Critical
Human Resource
Implemented By
Doctors For You (FY 2022-23)
Impact Assessment Agency
Locations
Noida, Utar Pradesh
Delhi
The project helped with seting-up of 200 and 100 isolation beds with critical healthcare staff at Lok Nayak Hospital, Delhi
and Government Institute of Medical Sciences ( GIMS ) in Greater Noida respectively to enhance patient care capacity.
IT also worked upon providing dedicated human resource suppor to strengthen workforce management and optimize
healthcare service delivery at Lok Nayak Hospital.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Project Name
35. Network Approach to Strengthen Quality, Accountability and Systems for Building
Resilient Communities and India
Implemented By
Sphere India (FY 2019-20 to FY 2020-21)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Locations
Pan India
The project offered inclusive capacity-building opporunities and communications amongst stakeholders. Additionally, IT
established a two-way communication and feedback mechanism between government representatives and grassroots
civil society organizations, fostering inclusive planning and preparation for Disaster Risk Reduction ( DRR ) initiatives.
IT also facilitated dialogues focusing on solidifying DRR responses and drafting parnership standards, enhancing
collaboration and coordination in DRR effors.
Project Names
36. COVID-19: Reducing Community Transmission and Hunger in Highly Impacted Cities in
India
37.
COVID-19: Reducing Community Transmission and Hunger in Highly Impacted Cities in
India
Implemented By
Caritas, India (FY 2020-21 to FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Locations
Pune and Nagpur, Maharashtra
Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh
Hyderabad, Telangana
Jaipur, Rajasthan
The project impacted approximately 4,000 vulnerable households were suppored with food kits and hygiene kits in 31
slums with an aim to address immediate food insecurity and health safety through precautionary measures. This project
also extended suppor by supplying Personal Protective Equipment ( PPE ) kits to hospitals facing severe shorages
ensuring access to quality healthcare for all patients, regardless of their socio-economic status. The awareness drives and
promotion of hygiene practices empowered people to adopt appropriate behaviors for a long time, fostering a culture of
health consciousness and resilience within the community.
Project Name
38. Strengthening breastfeeding and Infant and Young Child Feeding ( IYCF ) counselling
services and practices to prevent malnutrition in Gautam Buddha Nagar and Lucknow
Implemented By
Breastfeeding Promotion Network of India (FY 2019-20 to FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Locations
Gautam Buddha Nagar and Lucknow, Utar Pradesh
The project suppored the beneficiaries by providing training suppor to 517 Anganwadi Workers ( AWWs ) and also
facilitating the promotion of access to correct, good quality breastfeeding & optimal IYCF practices to mother and
child. IT also helped in creating a skilled workforce of AWWs and a pool of master trainers to address the gap in optimal
IYCF practices in the intervened locations. The pre and post assessment shows the level of knowledge and information
increased from 37% to 76%.
Project Name
39. COVID-19 Management & Vaccine Promotion Programme
Implemented By
Lending Hands Foundation (FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Locations
Noida and Hardoi, Utar Pradesh
Under this project, two oxygen plants were set up, each in the District Women s Hospital, Hardoi and CHC, Sandila. More
than 5,000 PPE kits distributed to healthcare staffs, Community Health Center ( CHCs ) and facility centres for ensuring
safety of healthcare staffs. Community awareness campaigns were organized through various means on promoting
COVID-19 appropriate behaviour and vaccination promotion. Even, each ASHA workers were suppored with Covid-19
screening kit consisting of thermal scanner, digital pulse oximeter, N-95 masks, head cover, face shield, disposable latex
gloves, sanitizers etc. to facilitate COVID-19 screening in 284 Gram Panchayats ( GPs ) of Hardoi.

Directors Repor
Project Name
40. Services & Infrastructural Strengthening under Integrated Child Development
Services ( ICDS ) for Addressing Health, Nutrition and the Development Needs of
Young Girls & Boys
Implemented By
Save the Children (FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Location
Noida, Utar Pradesh
The project was implemented in 50 anganwadi centres of Noida, where IT addressed the issues such as vulnerabilities
during the pandemic including food insecurity, limited information on healthcare, and breastfeeding practices. Even, early
learning materials were designed as per specific needs of the children and the same was provided to the children under 6
years during the COVID-19 period, when the anganwadi s were closed.
Project Name
41.
Promoting inclusion of persons /children with Disabilities and LGBTQIA+
Implemented By
SPARC India (FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Location
Lucknow, Utar Pradesh
This project aims to impar care, suppor and inclusive & quality education to 93 Children with Disability ( CwD ) (6-14
years) through the Jyoti Kiran school ( JKS ) and providing skill based residential training to Youth with Disability ( YwD )
(18-35 years) along with suppor in placement through the Skill Development Programme ( SDP ).
Project Name
42. Conservation and Rejuvenation of Waterbodies through Community Engagement
Implemented By
United Way Bengaluru (FY 2020-21 to FY 2021-22)
Impact Assessment Agency
PwC
Location
Bengaluru, Karnataka
Under the project, two initiatives were underaken: Wake the Lake (Bidru Lake) and One Billion Drops - Creating
Percolation Well . The key objectives of Wake the Lake was to improve the water quality of Bidru Lake by removing
waste and pollutants, revitalizing the ecosystem in and around the lake as well as creating a favorable environment for
aquatic flora and fauna. Under One Billion Drops , 20 percolation wells were created in the 10 anganwadi centers and in 2
Government schools to ensure water security and suppor in optimal conservation using nature given rainwater.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
A). Conservation of Energy and Water
As a responsible corporate, the Company believes that IT
has got accountability to the future and an imperative role
to play in addressing global challenges, climate change,
and environmental sustainability. The Company has made a
commitment to conserve the environment by adopting several
Green Initiatives and being responsible for energy & water
management in its area of operations. These initiatives will
drive energy & water consumption in an efficient, economical,
and environment friendly manner throughout all its premises.
The initiatives and good practices adopted or expanded by the
Company towards conservation of energy and water during
FY 2024-25 are described below:
1.
Renewable Energy Purchase - In continuation with its
commitment to reduce Carbon footprint, the Company is
commited to substitute 80% of electricity with renewable
energy by 2030. The source of renewable energy is
wind, solar and Hydro based electricity. By transitioning
electricity supply to renewable sources globally, the
Company has so far transitioned 34.38% of its energy
requirement to renewable sources which is equal to
89,845.78 MWh. Out of this, 58,263.35 MWh for its facilities
in India which includes 2,615.55 MWh generated from
onsite solar plant installations, and 31,582.43 MWh for its
GEO locations. This has enabled the Company to reduce
carbon emissions footprint by 45,425.35 tCO2e (Tons of
Carbon dioxide equivalent) out of which 42,357.46 tCO2e in
India and of 3,067.90 tCO2e in GEO locations.
2.
High Side: Chiller Operational Perormance Improvement-
By implementing the perormance improvement programs
such as chiller replacing with Magnetic chiller and
implementing the control measure, cooling tower retrofit
and fills replacement, removal by increasing cooling tower
approach activities were enabled by the Company to save
385.90 MWh of energy and has helped to reduce 280.55
tCO2e of emissions.
3.
Low Side: HVAC Operational Perormance Improvement-
Efficiency improvement measures of Low Side of HVAC
Annexure 4 to the Directors Repor
Pariculars pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013
read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
systems implemented in major facilities which involved
energy efficient unit installation, Energy efficient VRF &
DX-system installation, AHU belt driven motor replacement
to energy efficient EC fan installation, HVAC optimizing by
UPS consolidation related activities. This has enabled the
Company to save 1,542.84 MWh of energy and has helped
to reduce 1,121.65 tCO2e of emissions.
4.
Energy efficient Lighting and Control - The Company
extended its initiative to expand use of LED lighting in all the
facilities including workspaces, cafes/pantries, pathways,
outdoor & basements, and operational control enhancement
measures such as installation of motion sensors, daylight
harvesting feature which resulted in optimum usage of
lighting and energy saving. Energy savings accrued by these
initiatives is 123.53 MWh of absolute energy consumption
thereby reducing 89.81 tCO2e emissions.
5.
Effective Utilization of UPS - Based on the load demand
of the UPS systems, installation of energy efficient UPS,
capacity of the backup has been optimized by shuting
down some of the systems. In addition, the activation
of passive filters has been taken up. This Optimization
measure resulted in energy savings of 1,268.48 MWh and
emission reduction of 922.19 tCO2e.
6.
Technology Adoption - Process improvement in the AHU
Conventional type motor replacing into efficient EC fan
replacement, optimization through HVLS fan, AHU fan motor
connects through VFD, energy savings through cooling
tower SBR such as revising energy savings accrued by these
initiatives is 443.66 MWh of absolute energy consumption
and has helped to reduce 322.54 tCO2e emissions.
7.
Water Conservation - The Company s focus on water
conservation was strengthened by reducing the water
flow by using Scale Bio removal enhanced with a de-
ionization in the cooling tower and a garden water
sprinkler automation. All this has enabled the Company to
conserve 2.051 ML of water.
A summary of above-mentioned operational efficiency
related interventions is tabulated as below:
Intervention Pariculars
FY 2024-25
(MWh)
Carbon Footprint
Reduction (tCO2e)
Investment
(in ₹ Lakhs)
1.
Renewable Power Purchase (India)
58,263.35
42,357.46
473.67
2.
Renewable Power Purchase (GEO)
31,582.43
3,067.90
-
Total
89,845.78
45,425.36
473.67
Operational Control related Interventions
3.
Chiller Operational Perormances Improvement
385.90
280.55
53.85
4.
HVAC Operational Perormances Improvement
1,542.84
1,121.65
488.96
5.
Energy Efficient Lighting and Controls
123.53
89.81
6.65
6.
Effective utilization of UPS
1,268.48
922.19
96.94
7.
Technology Adoption
443.66
322.54
48.88
Sub Total
3,764.41
2,736.74
695.28
Grand Total
93,610.19
48,162.1
1,168.95

Directors Repor
Conversion reference Grid Emission Factors - CO2 Baseline Database for the Indian Power Sector DEC2024 (V20.0).
Weighted average emission factor of the Indian Grid taken in tCO2e/MWh.
Intervention Pariculars
HCL facility covered
FY 2024-25 (ML)
Investment (in ₹ Lakhs)
1.
Scaling Bio Removal
Madurai_SEZ Elcot
1.92
-
2.
Scaling Bio Removal
Lucknow_SEZ Campus
0.13
-
Grand Total
2.05
-
8.
Initiatives and Best Practices - In addition to the
measurable line items listed above, the Company has
optimized overall facility consumption by implementing
various daily operational controls based on climatic
and seasonal conditions. These measures include
adjusting space temperature setings, chiller set points,
HRW reverse utilizations, and downsizing UPS sources
with redundancy considerations. Regular supplier
meetings are held to explore furher opporunities for
implementing additional control measures.
8.1. Electricity Tariff Changes
The Company takes initiatives to reduce the
electricity tariff in Noida campus. Since Information
Technology companies were not given the status
of Industry in the state of Utar Pradesh, the
electricity tariff of the Company was billed as
Commercial which was relatively 15% higher than
the Industrial tariff . As an outcome of Company
constant pursuit with the relevant state government
deparments, in the month of October 2024, the
state government awarded HCLTech the Industry
status. Consequently, initiated discussions with
Distribution Company ( DISCOM ) officials,
advocating for a change from the Commercial tariff
to Industrial tariff. After numerous follow-ups and
active paricipation in DISCOM meetings, succeeded
in influencing a change in the applicable electricity
tariff. This modification is highly advantageous for
the Company. Unit rate and Demand charges have
come into effect from January 2025 onwards. As a
result, the Company has achieved remarkable cost
savings, amounting to ` 9.53 million for the fourh
quarer of FY 2024-25 alone. This accomplishment
is a witness to the Company s collective effors and
determination to optimize its operational costs.
8.2. Energy Audit
Initiated one of HCLTech best practices for its
facilities - conducting an Energy Audit for Company
major 7 Campuses in India. Given the size of these
facilities, IT is imperative to understand their current
operational efficiency and identify any gaps in the
system to bridge them for enhanced perormance
and overall improvement. To ensure a comprehensive
and detailed study, HCLTech engaged a reputed
global agency for this Energy Audit . The outcome
of their repor has provided the Company with
various actionable items and Energy Conservation
Measurements that are currently being implemented.
Delighted to share progress repors from this
initiative. The Company is making significant strides
towards enhancing the efficiency of its facilities, and
confident that these measures will lead to substantial
improvements. The outcome of energy audit is given
below in the Illustrations 1 & 2.
Illustration 1
Illustration 2
8.3. End of Life Replacement
End of Life Assessment conducted for HCLTech
critical systems across different regions. As par
of the Company s ongoing commitment to best

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
practices, the necessity to replace several key pieces
of equipment, including the Chiller, UPS system, and
VRF (HVAC) system have been identified. HCLTech
has successfully replaced those conventional
systems with new Energy-Efficient Products . This
upgrade has modernized HCLTech infrastructure
and resulted in substantial savings, significantly
enhancing its operational control and efficiency.
8.4. Technology adoption
SBR: - HCLTech is adopting the Technological
advancement to enhance its system perormance
and efficiency. In its ongoing pursuit of embracing
innovative solutions, HCLTech is introducing the
Scale Bio Remover ( SBR ) for its cooling water
treatment requirements. This state-of-the-ar
technology supersedes the traditional method
of manually treating water with chemicals. By
integrating SBR, the Company can eliminate manual
dosing, resulting in a significant enhancement
in monitoring and control through automation.
This novel approach not only streamlines the
Company s processes but also ensures a more
efficient and effective treatment of cooling water
and builds confidence that this technology will
yield substantial benefits and improvements in its
operations. The insulation of SBR is given below in
Illustration 3.
Illustration 3
EC Fan: - Upgraded the Air Handling Unit by
replacing the conventional belt drive blower with
an advanced, energy-efficient Electronically
Commutated fan. This modification has
significantly enhanced the blower efficiency from
a mere 35% to an impressive 72%. Furhermore,
observed substantial energy savings as a result of
this upgrade. Specifically, HCLTech has achieved
savings of 147 MWh, which translates to a cost
saving of ` 1.02 million. This represents a major
step forward in Company s effors to enhance
efficiency and reduce operational costs.
8.5. Transpor Sustainability through Electric Vehicles
In FY24, the successful launch of electric vehicles
( EVs ) in Hyderabad and Bangalore marked a
significant step towards Company s sustainability
goals. By implementing long-term contracts for
EVs operations, HCLTech has achieved a total
emission reduction of 823.66 tCO2e compared to
diesel-operated vehicles for FY25.
Hyderabad
Effective from August 1, 2023, HCLTech
signed contracts with suppliers and began
with 15 electric fleet vehicles. This number
increased to 116 fleet vehicles, enabling the
Company to perorm 75% of daily trips using
EVs by March 2025. This initiative resulted in
a reduction of 395.82 tCO2e emissions.
Bangalore
Effective from January 20, 2024, the
Company signed a contract with its first
supplier and began with 15 electric fleet
vehicles. This number gradually increased to
90+ EVs, covering 75% of daily sedan trips
by March 2025. This initiative resulted in a
reduction at Bangalore facility - Jigani of
422.56 tCO2e emissions.
At Bangalore facility - ROB, EVs operations
stared operating from December 1, 2024
with 7 EVs with existing supplier and reached
to 13 EVs by March 2025. This initiative
resulted in a reduction at Bangalore facility -
ROB of 5.29 tCO2e emissions.
The overall reduction at Bangalore facility
region of 427.84 tCO2e emissions.
8.6. Green Building Cerification
Overall, 12.80 million square feet of the Company s
building space, which is 64.54% of the total
building space, is cerified under various Green
Building Cerification Programs. These programs
include the US Green Building Council ( USGBC )
for Leadership in Energy and Environment Design
( LEED ), the Indian Green Building Council
( IGBC ), the Building Research Establishment
Environmental Assessment Method ( BREEAM ),
and the Comprehensive Assessment System
for Built Environment Efficiency ( CASBEE ), as
well as the National Australian Built Environment
Rating System ( NABERS ) among others. Notably,
a significant 98.06% of the Company owned
building space, totaling 11.21 million square feet,
has achieved Platinum cerification. Additionally,
18.91% of the Company leased building space,
amounting to 1.59 million square feet, is also
cerified by Green Building Councils.
IT is also delighted to share a remarkable
achievement of Total Resource Use and
Efficiency ( TRUE ) - Zero Waste to Landfill
Cerification for all the Company campuses
in India. HCLTech have achieved Platinum
ratings for all its campus facilities from Green
Business Cerification Inc. ( GBCI ). The TRUE
cerification program is designed to help facilities
define, pursue, and achieve zero waste goals by
becoming more resource efficient and achieve an
average of 90% or greater overall diversion from
landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy) and the

Directors Repor
environment for solid, non-hazardous wastes for
the most recent 12 months. Platinum is the highest
level of cerification, indicating exemplary zero
waste achievement, leadership in sustainability, and
advanced circular economy practices.
8.7. CDP 2024 Climate Change & Water Security
related Disclosures
HCLTech has been disclosing its environmental
perormance through CDP (formerly the Carbon
Disclosure Project) since the Year 2011. CDP
recognizes companies with high quality disclosure
in its annual scoring process, with top companies
making IT onto CDP s self-styled A list. A high
CDP score is supposed to be indicative of a
company s environmental awareness, advanced
sustainability governance and leadership
commitment to address global challenges like
Climate Change etc. Stakeholders are increasingly
requesting environmental information through
CDP including Investors. This data is used by these
stakeholders to take informed decisions and
drive environmental action. Every year, HCLTech
customers registered with CDP, also request IT to
disclose environmental perormance through CDP
Online Response System.
As a par of the HCLTech net - zero strategy, IT
commits to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions by 50% by 2030 from 2020 base year.
HCLTech also commits to reduce absolute Scope 3
GHG emissions by 42% within the same timeframe.
In addition to HCLTech achievements in Climate
Change disclosure, IT has also made significant
strides in Water Security. For the CDP 2024 Water
Security disclosure, HCLTech received a B score,
placing IT in the Management band. This score
reflects Company proactive approach to water-
related risks and opporunities, as well as its
commitment to sustainable water management
practices. This recognition underscores the
Company s effors in implementing effective water
stewardship strategies, which include:
-
Water Risk Assessment: Conducting
comprehensive assessments to identify and
mitigate water-related risks across its operations.
-
Water Efficiency Initiatives: Implementing
measures to reduce water consumption and
enhance water use efficiency in its facilities.
-
Stakeholder Engagement: Collaborating with
local communities, governments, and other
stakeholders to promote sustainable water
management practices.
-
Transparency and Reporing: Maintaining high
standards of transparency in its water-related
disclosures, ensuring that stakeholders have
access to accurate and timely information.
HCLTech is proud of its progress in addressing the
Climate Change & Water Security related issues and
remain commited to continuous improvement in these
critical areas. The Company effors not only contribute
to the sustainability of its operations but also suppor
global water security goals.
Recognitions recieved by HCLTech are :

HCLTech has received an A- Score for CDP
2024 Climate Change disclosure which is in the
Leadership band.

CDP recognizes HCLTECH as Supplier
Engagement Leader 2024 .
B). Technology Absorption
HCLTech is on a journey to rapidly modernize internal IT
by implementing world-class technologies leveraging
Gen AI and Enterprise SaaS solutions. Objectives are to
enhance employee experience, increase efficiency, improve
productivity, and strengthen the overall security posture. This
adoption has been driven by implementing best-of-breed
SaaS solutions furher powered by innovations from own
repository of optimized business processes, data sources and
analytics offering significant competitive differentiation.
1. Gen AI
HCLTech sees Gen AI as the next big technology disruptor
and there are several interventions in progress to drive
the adoption of Gen AI. From a technology perspective
HCLTech pursue multiple Gen AI Tech Stacks strategy
including MS Azure Open and Google Verex AI Gemini
services, models and embeddings. The models end
point connects are through high-capacity Provisioned
Throughput units ( PTUs ) to ensure model perormance
and stability for workloads.
For employee personal productivity HCLTech leverage
M365 Office and Teams Copilots with use cases for its
daily workflow tasks optimized for Gen AI. The developer
productivity is enhanced by the use cases for GitHub
Copilot and HCLTech own Gen AI solution called AI Force.
Employee experience and efficiency is being powered by
HCLTech s next-generation enterprise conversational agent,
designed to unify and simplify employee interactions across
platforms. Built with advanced AI capabilities and integrated
into key enterprise systems, Lumi is positioned as the single
digital front door for all employee services - reducing
cognitive load, streamlining operations.
Security Copilot is a generative AI-powered security
solution to enhance the efficiency and capabilities of
Security Operations Center ( SOC ) analysts response to a
security incident. IT automates triaging, fast track incident
respond, which helps to reduce the Mean time to Repair
( MTTR ) of SOC.
There are several custom Gen AI use cases being
implemented across the enterprise functions. These
include employee services for IT suppor ticketing, Policy
& Knowledge library search and retrieval, and Sentiment
analysis. HR function is strengthened by Mentorship Studio,
Recruiter and candidate assistants, Talent Supply Chain
management.
Marketing solutions include Asset creation, Marketing
Analysis & Digital Presence, Pre-sales and Sales includes

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Contract Intelligence, RFI/RFX Response builder, ITeS
Operational Analytics and user feedback analysis.
Few of the above use cases are elaborated below:
Talent Supply Chain solution is a recruitment copilot
developed to transform the talent acquisition lifecycle at
HCLTech. Designed as a multi-agent system, IT enhances
job descriptions, evaluates candidate profiles, suppors
interview and deployment processes.
Contract Intelligence initiative addresses the contract
lifecycle management at HCLTech. IT has been designed
to automate the extraction, analysis, and interpretation of
contractual documents such as MSAs, SOWs, and NDAs,
thereby improving compliance, reducing manual effor, and
accelerating decision-making.
RFP/RFI Response Builder has been developed to
streamline and enhance the response process for Request
for Proposals ( RFPs ) and Request for Information ( RFIs )
across multiple business functions at HCLTech. Designed
to reduce manual effor and improve response quality, the
tool leverages intelligent agents to automate requirement
extraction, content generation, and response compilation.
2. Enterprise SaaS solutions Implementation
HCLTech has adopted a strategy to leverage best in class
enterprise SaaS solutions in specific business areas. SaaS
products allow the adoption of industry s best practices,
come with a repository of efficient processes and have
inbuilt security features to meet compliance requirements
and address the technological advancements rapidly. This
offers quick adoption of digital solution at scale.
3. Improve Employee Experience
Intranet poral implemented for world-class employee
experience by providing superior, consumer-grade interaction
that empowers them to be informed, stay connected, and
be efficient. The transformation delivers easy app findability,
direct access to transactional actions, user and role-centric
experiences, conversational transactions, multilingual suppor,
curated and simplified content, amplified digital assistance,
and seamless hybrid work experience.
The platform has seen a high level of engagement, with
99% of employees accessing IT at least once, 96% accessing
IT daily, and 85% believing the renewed experience
is an improvement, while also achieving productivity
improvement through reduced downtime, and optimized
transaction and development times.
4. Increase Efficiency and Productivity
There are several interventions to improve employee
productivity and enhance efficiency and few of them are
elaborated below.
Automation in Time, Leave, Shift management through
implementation of state-of-ar UKG systems. This has
resulted in improvements in efficiency, effectiveness,
and employee experience. IT is now easier to adhere to
country-specific compliance and the benefits achieved are
reduction in lead time to onboard new countries and effor
to cover new legislation and reduced payroll corrections.
Billing Automation of device-based billing with a
combination of Convergent Mediation, Billing and Revenue
Innovation Management ( BRIM ) to enable faster quantity
computation and quicker invoice generation in projects
where HCLTech is providing device management services.
IT plays a crucial role in invoicing by ensuring accurate and
timely billing for customers. Receivables management and
E-invoicing including Invoice presentment automation are
other solutions rolled out.
Implemented ServiceNow as the platform of choice to
build its Enterprise Service Management including IT
Service Management, IT Operations Management, IT
Asset Management, Risk Management, and Vulnerability
Management workflows. The new unified platform brings
process coherence and visibility by eliminating isolated
applications and fragmented business processes. Provide a
consolidated interace for users and serve as a productivity
multiplier for the Company workforce by utilizing Agentic AI,
and Machine Learning capabilities in the workflows.
5. Enhance Security Posture
Cyber security risks are increasing due to increased
digitalization and changing threat landscape. So, HCLTech
is continuously looking at ways and means of enhancing its
cybersecurity posture and some of the major interventions
during the year are included below.

Migration to a modernized endpoint security platform
CrowdStrike s XDR - to enable effective threat
management across end points and servers.

Data Security Posture Management ( DSPM ) for
visibility and protection of organization s sensitive
information on Cloud and SaaS.

Unified Cloud Security solution ( CNAPP ) for
enhanced visibility, threat protection and proactive
vulnerability management.

Network Micro Segmentation implemented to reduce
atack surace by restricting lateral movement of threat
vectors.
6. Awards and Recognitions
External award
name
Project awarded for
Category
Global CIO
Digital Experience
Platform to provide
beter employee
experience
Best Project
in Technology
& Telecom
Industry
CIO 100
My HCLTech Platform Top 100 Project
in India
Economic Times
Human Capital
Awards ( ETHCA )
- Human Capital
Summit 2025
Learning and
Development,
AI, Excellence in
Organizational
Development
Won 3 Silver
Awards
SAP award
BRIM - Automation of
device-based billing
Top 3 Finance
Transformation
Project
CSO100 Award -
Cyber Security
Excellence
The Evangelist
Cisco Customer
Hero Award
Wi-Fi Deployment
AI Trailblazer

Directors Repor
These initiatives are integral to organization s overall strategy
for growth, efficiency and innovation. These initiatives
not only streamline operations but also foster a culture of
innovation and responsiveness to evolving business needs.
C). Research and Development ( R&D )
Introduction
The R&D initiatives across HCLTech reflect a strategic
commitment to innovation, intellectual propery creation
and technology leadership. The Company embeds these
capabilities across all our strategic businesses which serve
immense and tangible value to clients.
These effors span multiple business units, including
Engineering and R&D Services ( ERS ), Digital Business Services
( DBS ), Digital Foundation Services ( DFS ), Digital Process
Operations ( DPO ) HCL Software its product businesses each
of them driving AI/GenAI/Agentic adoption at scale.
The company s overarching goal in R&D is to help clients
navigate increasing complexity, accelerate digital
transformation and enhance innovation and operational
efficiency while gaining a competitive edge.
These are manifested through investments in the following
areas:
Structured R&D programs: HCLTech invests in dedicated
research initiatives and centers of excellence ( CoE )
to explore emerging technologies and develop next-
generation engineering methodologies.
Labs and facilities: The company s labs and R&D facilities
are essential for experimentation and validation.
Examples include the programmable logic controller
( PLC ) test lab, the prototype ATMP lab that assists
Semiconductor Fabless and IDMs in taking their silicon
to high-volume production and a private 5G lab set up in
collaboration with Nokia and Red Hat to integrate, test
and validate advanced CloudRAN solutions.
Culture of innovation: The Company promotes an
innovative mindset across teams through internal
challenges, innovation platforms, hackathons and
collaborative environments that foster creativity and
problem-solving.
Strategic IP creation: A core focus is creating valuable
intellectual propery - developing patents, building
proprietary frameworks, platforms, accelerators and
unique methodologies that offer clients a distinct
advantage and enhance HCLTech s service offerings.
Over the past year, the company created various
patentable inventions, reinforcing a commitment to
advancing ideas and solutions.
Talent development: Investing in the company s people
is paramount. HCLTech s engineers are equipped
with the skills needed for future challenges through
continuous learning programs, upskilling initiatives in
new technologies and building deep domain experise.
Focus on key technology areas:
HCLTech s R&D, innovation and IP creation effors span
critical technology areas that are re-shaping the engineering
landscape:

Arificial Intelligence ( AI ) and Generative AI ( GenAI )
Developing AI-powered solutions for enhanced design,
automation, predictive maintenance, quality inspection
and creating new intelligent product capabilities;
leveraging GenAI to revolutionize engineering workflows
and boost productivity, efficiencies and time-to-market.

Digital Twins and Simulation: Building advanced digital
replicas of products, processes and systems to enable
virual testing, perormance optimization, predictive
analytics and immersive visualization throughout the
lifecycle.

Cloud Engineering: Designing and implementing
cloud-native engineering platforms, migrating complex
engineering workloads to the cloud and leveraging
cloud elasticity for simulation and data analytics.

Internet of Things ( IoT ): Developing solutions for
connected products, industrial IoT ( IIoT ), sensor
integration, edge computing and managing vast
amounts of IoT data for insights and control.

Connectivity (5G and beyond): Engineering solutions
that leverage high-speed, low-latency communication
for real-time control, remote operations and enhanced
connected experiences.

Embedded Systems: Developing sophisticated firmware
and software for complex embedded systems across
various devices and industries.

Cybersecurity: Building security into the DNA of
connected devices and engineering systems from the
ground up.

Software and Digital Platform Engineering: Continuously
advancing software development methodologies,
quality assurance and modernizing legacy systems.
Details across various lines of business
1. Engineering and R&D Services ( ERS )

Structured R&D Programs: Established labs including
PLC Test Lab, Prototype ATMP Lab, Private 5G Lab
(with Nokia and Red Hat) and an innovation center for
Olympus.

Solutions
o
CodeSense for productivity improvement in
software development for semiconductor
equipment.
o
GenAI-based technical assistant for Semiconductor
ATE that helps in chip testing, test code generation,
troubleshooting and building test scripts.
o
GenAI-assisted chip design developer that
transforms the chip design process, for up to 50%
faster design efficiency and accelerated time-to-
market.
o
Multi-Agentic AI workflows that offer scalable,
cloud-native solutions.
o
ALM.AI and PLM.AI for application and product
lifecycle management using AI.

Parnerships: Intel (auto chips for software-defined
vehicles), Microsoft, Google, Meta, AWS, Siemens and
PTC.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25

Technology Focus: AI, GenAI, Digital Twins, Cloud
Engineering, IoT, 5G, Embedded Systems and
Cybersecurity.
2. Digital Business Services

R&D initiatives
o
Tool development and integration with AI Force to
drive GenAI deployments.
o
New product features and development for SAP
proprietary products (iMRO).
o
Fennix, a framework for app modernization.
3. HCLSoftware
The R&D initiatives are anchored in a blueprint called
Xperience, Data and Orchestration ( XDO ), which is the
foundation of how HCLTech designs, builds and evolves
enterprise software for the future.
These initiatives redefine Xperience through advanced
AI capabilities that deliver richer, more intuitive digital
experiences that are omnichannel, contextual, consistent and
personalized.

Solutions
o
Volt MX: Low-code app-dev platform with Volt IQ
(AI-assisted dev).
o
HCL DX: Self-service digital experience platform.
o
Actian Data Platform and Zeenea: Data discovery,
management, governance, analytics and
orchestration.
o
CDP Cloud for customer data management:
Improves marketing effectiveness and drives
conversion, leading to beter customer experience
and customer lifetime value.
o
HCL Universal Orchestrator ( UNO ): Agentic AI
orchestration with cloud-native functionality, a vital
component of the HCL Automation porfolio.
o
SX: AI-driven, no-code, enterprise-ready service
management product.
o
AppScan 360 : Cloud-native application security
platform.
o
BigFix Workspace+: AI-powered workspace
management solution that streamlines operations
and forifies cybersecurity.
o
IntelliOps: AI-powered event intelligence platform.
o
Augmented Network Automation ( ANA )
Simplifies network management.
o
Data Center Energy Management: AI-driven,
agentless solution that optimizes energy efficiency
and sustainability in data centers.
o
Observability solution: AI/ML powered for real-time
visibility, automated topology discovery and trend
analysis for optimizing network perormance.
o
Quantum Key Distribution for 6G standardization
Leverages quantum mechanics to deliver secure
data transmission that is immune to eavesdropping
and tampering.
o
DFMPro: AI-powered design optimization that
identifies manufacturability and assembly issues
early in the design process; integrates with leading
CAD platforms.

Software Products Advanced Research Center
( SPARC )
o
GenAI for targeted Adaptive Personalized
Marketing Content Generation.
o
Small Language Models for AppScan and BigFix that
do not require a Graphical Processing Unit ( GPU ).
o
Operational intelligence via ML: Novel approach
for contextual anomaly detection at the edge,
using queuing theory to predict the workforce
requirements.
o
AION: AI lifecycle management for end-to-end
machine learning pipeline.
o
HCL Guard - Secret manager: Unified platform to
securely manage sensitive information (API keys,
database credentials and tokens) and streamline
compliance.
o
Open-source data platform ( OSDP ): Leverages
Data Mesh architecture and integrates HCL
products (Zeenea, Actian, Unica, Volt MX and HCL
Commerce) to deliver curated data as a product,
driving innovation and usability across domains (ex.,
Spors analytics).

Starup SYNC: Functions as an open-innovation
hub and a starup accelerator, amplifying the effors
of internal R&D teams by immersing them in an
environment ripe with fresh ideas and cuting-edge
technologies from starups.
4. Digital Foundation Services ( DFS )
DFS is at the forefront of helping businesses adopt
digital technologies that are at the core of business
transformation. This combination of core infrastructure
services and next-generation digital services pivots
around hybrid cloud, digital workplace, software-defined
networking, cybersecurity, unified service management and
intelligent operations.
Solutions

Agentic AI AI Force.ITOps: Full-stack GenAI platform
tailored for IT operations, integrating autonomous
and assistive agents across infrastructure domains;
suppors cloud, network, database and service desk
operations with a modular, agent-driven architecture.

IPs and accelerators
o
ePACE for platform (Public cloud and OpenShift):
Automates the platform lifecycle for Azure, AWS,
GCP and OpenShift across Day 0, Day 1 and Day 2
o
ePACE for GenAI: Helps organizations rapidly scale
AI services by simplifying infrastructure setup,
model and use case onboarding and operational
governance.
o
Cognitive Connect (eAssist): Technology assistant
bots offering operational suppor around

Directors Repor
AppOps, Middleware and platform and reducing
investigation time by 90%.
o
IDP (Platform engineering and internal developer
platform): Marketplace to onboard new
applications, streamline development processes
and provision required resources.
o
eAssess: SaaS based assessment tool used to
assess operations and technical architecture using
GenAI.
o
Smar Industrial Assistant (DLB): GenAI-powered
digital adoption platform.
o
Platform for Automated Application Lifecycle
Management ( PAALM ) .
o
ITX: GenAI-based service desk productivity
tool with sentiment analysis and automated
knowledge management.
o
Custom Copilot: AI-driven employee experience
assistant built on Azure, enabling omnichannel
suppor and secure automation.
o
Augmented Intelligence for Digital Operations
Empowers data center operations and field
teams with real-time AI insights and AR-powered
assistance for faster issue resolution and
enhanced collaboration.
o
Cybervigilia.AI: Visualization and automation
platform for real-time and historical visibility into
the security posture of digital environments.
o
Zero Trust Accelerator: Delivers tested use cases
that apply Zero Trust and SASE principles to real-
world scenarios (secure remote access, third-pary
risk, endpoint compliance, threat containment and
data protection).
o
Managed Multicloud networking ( MCN )
Software-defined approach that helps enterprises
quickly and efficiently onboard cloud providers at
scale.
o
Pervasive Wireless with Cisco: Create a resilient
network infrastructure and visibility and mobility
for operations and experiences in industrial and
mission-critical environments (vehicle connectivity,
mobile worker connectivity, remote patient care,
real-time data access at retail stores and fleet
connectivity at terminals).

Frameworks and methodologies:
o
Cloud application reliability engineering ( CARE ).
o
NoOps: Autonomous IT framework that improves
productivity by more than 80% and ensures 99.9%
uptime.
o
Confidence Platform tool for M365 Copilot
deployment: Structured deployment framework
integrating AvePoint TyGraph and Opus for secure,
data-driven Copilot rollout.
o
GenAI consulting framework: Value-led advisory
model that guides enterprises through experience
transformation, platform harmonization and
operational modernization, leveraging persona-
based design, automation and strategic integration;
delivers resilient, scalable and secure workplace
outcomes.
o
TRiBe (Control framework for AI governance with
a focus on trust, risk management and maximizing
benefits): Drives AI and GenAI Governance in the
organization; ensures alignment with NIST RMF and
ISO 42000 standards or regulatory requirements
such as the EU AI Act; enables an organization to
have the right policies and procedures, including
security, privacy and operational risk guardrails, to
adopt AI/GenAI models successfully; aligns with
the Responsible AI requirements proposed by the
Responsible AI Institute.
5. Data & AI COE
At the forefront of accelerating the adoption of GenAI and
Agentic AI within clients and driving business value by solving
their most pressing challenges is the Company s Data & AI
COE. These effors aim to shape the future of enterprises
by unlocking new capabilities, enabling innovative business
models and creating a competitive advantage.
Through a combination of exceptional people, hands-on
experise in leading-edge technologies and a hallmark
of consistent innovation, HCLTech s platforms, services
and repeatable solutions accelerate the development
and deployment of GenAI and agentic solutions in client
organizations, helping them navigate the increasingly
complex landscape with confidence, agility, measurable
value and ultimately, success at scale. This is accomplished
through:

AI Force: HCLTech s GenAI platform for software
engineering and operations (IT and operations) lifecycle,
which delivers service transformation. IT focuses on the
needs of every persona (e.g., product manager, software
developer, tester, DevOps engineer, Infrastructure/
application suppor specialist and business process
analyst). IT reimagines their daily routine by automating
mundane and routine tasks and infuses intelligence
across the software engineering, IT operations and
business process lifecycle. Clients can accelerate the
time-to-market of new products and services, boost
productivity and improve efficiencies. The platform
is enhanced by the integration with various Large
Language Models ( LLMs ) and Small Language Models
( SLMs ) - Open AI, IBM watsonX, Google Gemini,
Anthropic Claude 3 in Amazon Bedrock, GitHub Copilot
and NVIDIA AI Enterprise platform.

AI Foundry: A suite for modernizing data, simplifying
insights and scaling AI in a platform and industry-
agnostic fashion. IT combines reusable assets, business
templates and agents through highly autonomous and
intelligent processes. Enterprises can expedite proof
of concept runs with metric-guided observability. The
ecosystem foundation of AI Foundry encompasses
cognitive infrastructure, security, ethics and operations.
This enables enterprises with a seamless scale to
production journey.

AI Engineering: Delivering scalable, enterprise-ready
AI solutions by bringing together the Company s
comprehensive capabilities in data engineering,

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
MLOps, trustworhy AI and Computer Vision leveraging
technologies like GenAI, Physical AI, Multimodal AI and
Robotics to drive innovation in products, automation
in processes and optimization of physical and digital
assets.

Industry-focused and horizontal-focused solutions:
These are modular, scalable, domain-specific and
tech-agnostic and drive value stream innovation. They
are the cornerstone of the company s strategy to
create non-linear revenue streams rooted in HCLTech
Intellectual Propery ( IP ).
o
Industry focused

VisionX: Real-time surveillance and
automation for industrial sectors.

NetSight: Conversational RAN operations for
telecom providers.

Contact Center as a Service ( CcaaS )
GenAI-powered customer service platforms
integrated with Microsoft Nuance.

Insight Gen: Trade surveillance using LLMs for
financial services.

IRP and ISP: Regulatory and safety platforms
for life sciences and healthcare.
o
Horizontal focused

Invoice 2 Pay ( I2P ): AI-driven invoice
processing and anomaly detection.

Responsible AI with WatsonX.gov: Ensuring
ethical and compliant AI deployments.

Lab as a Service: Horizontal automation and
analytics across enterprise labs.
The core objective is to create repeatable, customer-centric
solutions that can be deployed across multiple clients with
minimal customization. These solutions are built to align
with high total addressable market ( TAM ) segments and
are suppored by robust governance, cross-functional
collaboration and ecosystem parnerships. These are
designed to

Accelerate time-to-value through prebuilt modules.

Drive consumption for hyperscaler parners.

Position HCLTech as a thought leader in GenAI-led
transformation.

Others
o
3D Industrial Inspection: To develop end-to-end
offering for large clients through stitching and
augmenting the current solutions on the market.
o
Collaborative robots ( cobots ) for device testing:
To execute testing tasks using cobots trained
through imitation learning techniques.
o
Agentic Framework: To facilitate the agent
development lifecycle (data and data ingestion
pipeline, infrastructure, models, protocols for
agent-to-agent communication and memory
definition).
o
AI Store: To enable a cataloging and discovery
platform, accelerating GenAI solution development
and Agentic AI solutions.
Conclusion
HCLTech s R&D effors in FY25 demonstrate a robust
and multi-dimensional approach to innovation. From
foundational engineering to cuting-edge GenAI applications,
the company has a well-thought-out and cohesive strategy
that enhances client outcomes, accelerates transformation
and solidifies HCLTech s leadership position.
The outcomes of this continuous commitment and
investment are tangible and far-reaching. For HCLTech
clients, IT means parnering with a leader capable of solving
their most intricate technology, engineering and business
problems, accelerating time-to-market, creating product
differentiation, enhancing operational efficiency and
accelerating technical adoption.
The convergence of AI, cloud, cybersecurity and digital
experience across HCLTech s service lines reflects a future-
ready enterprise commited to excellence, agility and impact.
6. Expenditure on R&D for the years ended March 31, 2025
and March 31, 2024 are as follows:
Pariculars
Financial Year ended
Amount charged to the
R&D expenditure as a percentage
of revenues
1.15%
1.13%
D). Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
The Company is an expor-oriented unit and majority of
its business are from cerain clients outside India. During
the financial year under review, a substantial porion of the
revenue of the Company was derived from the expors.
The foreign exchange earned and spent by the Company
during the financial year, on accrual basis, is as follows:
Pariculars
Financial Year ended
Foreign exchange earnings
48,056
44,927
Foreign exchange outgo
- Expenditure in foreign currency
6,847
6,559
- CIF value of impors
1,357
- Dividend remited in foreign
2,551
2,210
10,755
8,811

Roshni Nadar Malhotra
Place: Noida, (U.P.), India
Chairperson
Date: April 22, 2025

DIN- 02346621

Corporate Governance Repor
HCL Technologies Limited ( HCLTech or the Company )
believes that good governance facilitates efficient,
effective and entrepreneurial management that can deliver
stakeholders value over long term. IT is about commitment
to values and ethical business conduct. IT is a set of laws,
regulations, processes and customs affecting the way a
company is directed, administrated, controlled or managed.
Good corporate governance forms the foundation for
successful and integral organizations, institutions, and
markets. IT is based on the principles of integrity, fairness,
equity, transparency, accountability, and commitment to
values. These practices stem from an organization s culture
and mindset, and their effectiveness depends on regular
review, preferably by independent paries.
The Company has developed a corporate governance
framework which ensures effective board governance
procedures, strong internal control systems, accountability
and transparency. The Company has implemented various
codes and policies to ensure best corporate governance
practices at all levels. By upholding these practices, the
Company aims to create an efficient and sustainable
environment that benefits its stakeholders in the long run.
The Company is commited in seeking opporunities for
improvements on an ongoing basis.
1. Philosophy on Code of Governance
The corporate governance philosophy of the Company is
based on the following principles:
Corporate governance standards should go beyond the
law. Comply with the laws of all the countries in which the
Company operates and follow the spirit, not just the leter
of the law.
Be transparent and maintain high degree of disclosure
levels. When in doubt, disclose.
Make a clear distinction between personal convenience
and corporate resources.
Communicate externally, in a truthful manner, about how
the Company runs internally.
Have a simple and transparent corporate structure driven
solely by business needs.
Corporate governance is an integral par of the philosophy
of the Company in its pursuit of excellence, growth and
value creation. In addition to complying with the statutory
requirements, effective governance systems and practices
towards improving transparency, disclosures, internal
control and promotion of ethics at workplace have been
Corporate Governance Report
institutionalized. The Company recognizes that good
governance is a continuing exercise and reiterates its
commitment to pursue highest standards of corporate
governance in the overall interest of its stakeholders.
2. Board of Directors
The Board of Directors ( Board ) determines the purpose
and values of the Company. The primary role of the Board
is that of trusteeship so as to protect and enhance the
stakeholders value through strategic supervision.
The Board exercises leadership, integrity and judgment
in directing so as to achieve continuing prosperity and to
act in the best interest of the Company. The Board plays a
critical role in overseeing how the management serves the
shor-term and long-term interests of the shareholders and
the other stakeholders. This is reflected in the Company s
governance practices, through which IT strives to maintain
an active, informed and independent Board. The Board
ensures that the Company complies with all relevant laws,
regulations, governance practices, secretarial, accounting
and auditing standards. IT identifies key risk areas and key
perormance indicators of the Company s business and
constantly monitors these factors.
The Board is at the core of the Company s corporate
governance practices and oversees how the management
serves and protects the interest of all the stakeholders, and
has been vested with the requisite powers, authorities and
duties.
3. Board Size and Composition
The Company believes that an active, well informed and
diversified Board is necessary to achieve highest standards
of corporate governance.
The Board of the Company has an optimum combination
of Executive Director, Non-Executive Non-Independent
Directors and Independent Directors. The composition of
the Board of Directors is in conformity with Regulation 17 of
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time,
( Listing Regulations ), and Sections 149 & 152 of the
Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time ( Act ).
As on March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors of the
Company consists of ten directors of which one is a
Managing Director (designated as Chief Executive Officer
& Managing Director) ("CEO & Managing Director"), two are
Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors and seven are
Independent Directors. In line with the Board's Diversity
policy, the Board consists of five women directors.
Considering the size of the Board and also considering that
there is no statutory requirements on the Company, the
Board has not appointed a lead Independent Director in the
A brief profile of the Board Members is available on the
website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/
leadership.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Appointment/Re-appointment of Directors
Ms. Lee Fang Chew (DIN - 02112309) was appointed as
an Independent Director of the Company, not liable
to retire by rotation, for a term of five consecutive
years, w.e.f. April 25, 2024 to April 24, 2029 (both days
inclusive). The appointment was made by the Board
of Directors in its meeting held on April 25, 2024, after
considering the recommendations of the Nomination
and Remuneration Commitee ( NRC ) and the relevant
expirence, experise, integrity & proficiency of
Ms. Lee Fang Chew. The said appointment was
approved by the shareholders via special resolution
passed through Postal Ballot on July 3, 2024.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Act,
Mr. C. Vijayakumar (DIN - 09244485) who was liable
to retire by rotation at the Annual General Meeting
( AGM ) of the Company held on August 13, 2024,
had offered himself for re-appointment. Based
on the recommendations of the NRC, the Board
recommended his re-appointment to the shareholders
of the Company. The said re-appointment was
approved by the shareholders at the AGM of the
Company held on August 13, 2024.
iii)
Mr. Simon John England (DIN - 08664595) was
re-appointed as an Independent Director of the
Company w.e.f. January 16, 2025. Based on the
perormance evaluation and after considering the
relevant experience, experise, integrity & proficiency
and recommendations of the NRC, the Board
recommended his re-appointment as an Independent
Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation,
for a second term of five consecutive years, from
January 16, 2025 to January 15, 2030 (both inclusive
days) to the shareholders of the Company. The said
re-appointment was approved by the shareholders at
the AGM of the Company held on August 13, 2024.
iv)
Mr. S. Madhavan (DIN - 06451889), Dr. Mohan
Chellappa (DIN - 06657830), Ms. Robin Ann Abrams
(DIN - 00030840), Dr. S. Shankara Sastry
(DIN - 05331243) and Mr. R. Srinivasan
(DIN - 00575854), ceased to be the directors of the
Company on completion of their respective tenures as
Independent Directors w.e.f. August 5, 2024. The Board
placed on record its appreciation for their excellent
leadership, guidance and valuable contribution,
dedication & unwavering commitment during their
tenure as directors.
v)
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Act,
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra (DIN - 02346621) retires at the
forhcoming AGM, and being eligible has offered herself
for re-appointment, as the director of the Company liable
to retired by rotation. Based on the recommendations
of the NRC, the Board has recommended her re-
appointment to the shareholders of the Company.
4. Composition of the Board, Directorship(s) and Commitee Membership(s)/
Chairpersonship(s) Held in Other Public Limited Companies, as on March 31, 2025
Director and DIN
Position in the
No. of
Directorships
in other
Public Limited
Companies
No. of Commitee Positions held in
other Public Limited Companies (1)
held in the
Company as
on March 31,
Directorship
in other listed
entities (category
of Directorship)(2)
Commitee
Chairpersonship(s)
Commitee
Membership(s)
Ms. Roshni Nadar
Malhotra(3)
(DIN - 02346621)
Chairperson &
Non-Executive
Non-
Independent
Director
-
HDFC Asset
Management
Company Limited
Mr. C. Vijayakumar
(DIN - 09244485)
CEO &
Managing
Director
-
6,73,923
-
Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian
(DIN - 09194973)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
Nil
Sundaram
Finance Limited
Sundaram Home
Finance Limited
Hindustan Oil
Exploration
Company Limited

Corporate Governance Repor
Director and DIN
Position in the
No. of
Directorships
in other
Public Limited
Companies
No. of Commitee Positions held in
other Public Limited Companies (1)
held in the
Company as
on March 31,
Directorship
in other listed
entities (category
of Directorship)(2)
Commitee
Chairpersonship(s)
Commitee
Membership(s)
Mr. Deepak
Kapoor
(DIN - 00162957)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
Nil
Tata Steel
Delhivery Limited
Ms. Lee Fang
Chew
(DIN - 02112309)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
-
Nil
-
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
(DIN - 03016991)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
Tata Power
Renewable
Energy Limited
Tata Projects
CRISIL Limited
L & T Finance
Mr. Shikhar
Malhotra (3)
(DIN - 00779720)
Non-Executive
Non-
Independent
Director
-
Nil
-
Mr. Simon John
England
(DIN - 08664595)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
-
Nil
-
Mr. Thomas Sieber
(DIN - 07311191)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
-
Nil
-
Ms. Vanitha
Narayanan
(DIN - 06488655)
Non-Executive
Independent
Director
-
Nil
-
Notes
1)
In accordance with Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, Membership(s)/Chairpersonship(s) of only Audit
Commitees and Stakeholders Relationship Commitees in all public limited companies have been considered.
2)
The category of Directorships in other listed entities is Non-Executive Independent Director.
3)
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra and Mr. Shikhar Malhotra are par of the promoter and promoter group. They are related as
Husband and Wife. No other Director is related to any other Director on the Board.
5. Board Meetings and Atendance
Seven Board Meetings were held during FY 2024-25. These meetings were held on April 25-26, 2024, May 22, 2024,
July 12, 2024, August 8, 2024, August 18, 2024, October 14, 2024 and January 13, 2025. The necessary quorum was present
at all the meetings and Independent Directors were also present in these meetings. The maximum interval between any two
consecutive meetings did not exceed 120 days, as prescribed under the Act and the Listing Regulations.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The following table gives the atendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings held during FY 2024-25 and at the last
AGM
Name of the Director
No. of Board meetings
held during Director s
No. of Board meetings
atended by Director
during his/her tenure
Atendance
(%)
Whether last AGM
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra
100%
Yes
Mr. C. Vijayakumar
100%
Yes
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian
100%
Yes
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
100%
Yes
Ms. Lee Fang Chew
86%
Yes
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
100%
Yes
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
100%
Yes
Mr. Simon John England
100%
Yes
Mr. Thomas Sieber
86%
Yes
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
100%
Yes
Mr. S. Madhavan*
100%
Dr. Mohan Chellappa*
100%
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams*
100%
Dr. S. Shankara Sastry*
100%
Mr. R. Srinivasan*
100%
*Mr. S. Madhavan, Dr. Mohan Chellappa, Ms. Robin Ann Abrams, Dr. S. Shankara Sastry and Mr. R. Srinivasan ceased to be
Independent Directors of the Company w.e.f. August 5, 2024, on completion of their respective tenures.
6. Summary of Directors Skills/Experise/Competence
In order to effectively discharge their duties, IT is necessary that collectively the Directors hold the appropriate balance of
skills, experise and competence. The Board possesses diverse skills, experise and competence across its members, that
enables the Board to take decisions comprehensively and effectively on all maters.
The Board s current Skills Matrix includes the following atributes:
Roshni
Nadar
Malhotra
Mr. C.
Vijaya-
kumar
Bhavani
Balasub-
Deepak
Kapoor
Ms. Lee
Fang
Chew
Ms. Nishi
Vasudeva
Shikhar
Malhotra
Simon
John
England
Thomas
Sieber
Vanitha
Narayanan
Leadership
Innate leadership skills including the
ability to represent the organization
and set appropriate Board and
organization culture. Demonstrated
strengths in talent development,
succession planning and bringing
change and long-term future growth.
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Strategic Planning and Analysis
Ability to critically identify and assess
strategic opporunities and threats
and develop effective strategies in the
context of long-term objectives and
the organizations relevant policies
and priorities.
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y

Corporate Governance Repor
Roshni
Nadar
Malhotra
Mr. C.
Vijaya-
kumar
Bhavani
Balasub-
Deepak
Kapoor
Ms. Lee
Fang
Chew
Ms. Nishi
Vasudeva
Shikhar
Malhotra
Simon
John
England
Thomas
Sieber
Vanitha
Narayanan
Information Technology
Reasonable knowledge and
experience in technology with an
ability to foresee technological trends
and changes, apply new technology
and bring about innovations in
business strategies.
Y
Y
-
Y
Y
Y
Y
-
Y
Governance
Understanding of the various
governance and compliance
requirements under various applicable
laws, supporing a strong Board base
and management accountability,
transparency, and protection of
shareholder interests.
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
-
Y
Financial
Wide ranging knowledge and financial
skills, oversight for risk management
and internal controls and proficiency
in financial management and financial
reporing processes.
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
-
Y
Diversity
An appropriate mix of varied cultures,
ethnicity, geography, gender, age,
philosophies, life experiences and
other diversity perspectives that
expand the Board s understanding of
the needs of diverse stakeholders and
a beter ability to respond to changes.
Y
Y
Y
-
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Mergers & Acquisitions
Significant experience in mergers
and acquisitions and other business
combinations, with strong insight of
risks and opporunities, valuations and
diligence processes, structural impact
on the organization, and ability to
leverage integration planning.
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
-
Y
Global Business
Understanding of diversified
business environments, economic,
political, cultural and regulatory
framework across the globe, and a
broad perspective on global market
opporunities.
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
-
Y
Y
Y
Y
Marketing and Communications
Ability to analyze the market and
technological impacts, developing
strategies for brand awareness and
brand building and enhancing market
share.
Y
Y
-
Y
Y
Y
Y
-
Y

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
7. Membership on other Boards
Executive Director is allowed to serve on other corporate
boards or government bodies whose interest is germane
to the future of software business or on the board of key
economic institutions or those organisations whose primary
objective is to benefit the society.
Non-Executive Directors are expected not to serve on the
boards of competing companies. Other than this, there is no
limitation on the directorships except those imposed by law
and good corporate governance practices.
8.
Directors Responsibilities
In addition to the duties and responsibilities entrusted
on the Directors of the Company as per the provisions
of the Act and the Listing Regulations, IT is the
elementary responsibility of the Directors to oversee
the management of the Company and in doing so,
serve the best interests of the Company and its
stakeholders. This responsibility inter alia shall include:

Reviewing and approving fundamental operating,
financial and other corporate plans, strategies and
objectives.

Establishing a corporate environment that
promotes timely and effective disclosure
(including robust and appropriate controls,
procedures and incentives), fiscal responsibilty,
high ethical standards and compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations.

Evaluating the perormance of the Company,
senior management personnel and corporate
officers.

Evaluating the overall effectiveness of the Board
and its Commitees.

Atending the meeting of the Board & its
Commitees and also atending the Annual General
Meeting & other General Meetings of the shareholders.
Exercise business judgement: In discharging their
fiduciary duties of care and loyalty, the directors are
expected to exercise their business judgement to act in
what they reasonably believe to be in the best interests
of the Company and its stakeholders.
Understand the Company and its business: The
directors have an obligation to remain informed about
the Company and its business, including the principal
operational and financial objectives, strategies and
plans of the Company, relative standing of the business
segments within the Company and vis-a-vis the
competitors of the Company, factors that determine
the Company s success, results of operations and
financial condition of the Company.
Establish effective systems: The directors are
responsible for determining that effective systems
are in place for periodically and timely reporing by
the management to the Board on imporant maters
concerning the Company including the following:

Current business and financial perormance,
degree of achievement of approved objectives
and the need to address forward-planning issues.

Compliance programs to assure the Company s
compliance with laws and corporate polices.

Material litigation, governmental and regulatory
maters.

Company s governance practices including
integrity of the Company s accounting & financial
reporing systems, risk & compliance management,
internal controls, prohibition of bribery and
corruption, and avoidance of conflicts of interest.
9. Board and Commitee Meetings - Functioning and Procedure
Calendar
The calendar for the Board/Commitee meetings for the forhcoming
financial year is decided in advance and published as par of this Repor.
Frequency
The Board meets at least once in a quarer to review the financial results and
other items of the agenda. Whenever necessary, additional meetings are
held. In case of business exigencies or urgency of maters, resolutions are
passed by circulation.
Location
The venue of atending the Board/Commitee meetings is informed well
in advance to all the directors. Every director is expected to atend the
meetings in person. The Company effectively uses video conferencing
facility to enable the paricipation of directors who are not able to atend the
meetings in person.
Maters
All divisions/deparments of the Company are advised to schedule their work
plans in advance, paricularly with regard to maters requiring discussions/
approval/decision of the Board and/or its Commitee(s). All such maters are
communicated to the Company Secretary in advance so that the same can
be included in the agenda for the Board/Commitee meetings, after seeking
approval of the Chairperson of the Board/respective Commitee(s).

Corporate Governance Repor
Meeting material/agenda distributed in
advance
Meetings are governed by the structured agenda. The agenda for each Board/
Commitee meetings is circulated in advance to the directors. The agenda
items are backed by the comprehensive background information. All material
information is incorporated in the agenda facilitating meaningful and focused
discussions in the meeting. Every director is free to suggest items for inclusion
in the agenda. Also, the Company has adopted a web-based application for
transmiting Board/Commitee Agenda(s).
Presentations by management
The Board is given presentations covering operational perormance,
financials and major updates on business opporunities, business strategy,
risk management practices, treasury/forex update, tax update, litigation
update, changes in applicable law(s), etc.
Access to employees
The directors are provided free access to communicate with the officers
and employees of the Company. Management is encouraged to invite the
Company personnel to any Board/Commitee(s) meeting at which their
presence and experise would help the Board to have a full understanding of
the maters being considered.
Availability of information to Board
members
The information placed before the Board includes annual operating plans
and budgets including operating and capital expenditure budgets, financial
results of the Company both consolidated and standalone basis, financials
of each of the subsidiaries and investments made by the subsidiaries, risk
assessment and minimization procedures, update on the state of the market
for the business as well as on the strategy, minutes of subsidiaries, minutes of
all the Board Commitees, related pary transactions, details of the treasury
investments, details of foreign exchange exposure, material litigations,
material tax updates/exposures, update on statutory and secretarial
compliance repors and repors of non-compliances, if any, information on
recruitment/remuneration of corporate officers, show cause/demand notices,
if any, details of joint ventures or collaboration agreements, significant
changes in the accounting policies, significant changes in laws, sale of any
material nature, etc.
Post meeting follow-up mechanism
The guidelines for Board/Commitee meetings facilitate an effective post
meeting follow up review and reporing process for the decisions taken
by the Board/Commitee(s) thereof. The imporant decisions taken at the
Board/Commitee meetings are promptly communicated to the concerned
deparments/divisions. Action taken repor on the decisions of the previous
meeting(s) is placed at the subsequent meetings of the Board/Commitee(s)
for information and review by the Board/respective Commitee(s).
10. Declaration by Independent Directors
The Company has received necessary declaration from
each Independent Director that he/she meets the criteria
of independence in terms of the Act and the Listing
Based on the disclosures received from all the Independent
Directors and also in the opinion of the Board, the
Independent Directors fulfill the conditions as specified in
the Act and the Listing Regulations and are independent of
the Management of the Company.
11. Meeting of the Independent Directors
In terms of the provisions of the Act and the Listing
Regulations, the Independent Directors of the Company
shall meet at least once in a financial year, without the
presence of Executive and Non-Independent Directors and
members of the management. The Independent Directors
of the Company met on March 24, 2025, inter alia discussed
and reviewed:

the perormance of Non-Independent Directors and
the Board as a whole;

the perormance of the Chairperson of the Company,
taking into account the views of the Executive Director
and Non- Executive Directors; and

the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of
information between the Company s management and
the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively
and reasonably perorm its duties.
12. Board Evaluation
The Board, pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the
Listing Regulations has carried out an Annual Evaluation of
its own perormance, perormance of the Board Commitees
and of the individual directors (including the Independent
Directors) on various parameters.
The criteria for the evaluation of the perormance of the
Board, the Commitees of the Company and the individual
directors, including the Chairperson of the Board was

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Commitee
of the Company.
The Board considered the aforesaid evaluation done by
the Independent Directors and underook the annual
perormance evaluation that included review of the Board
evaluation framework, perormance of the Board as a
whole, perormance of the Board Commitees, perormance
of individual directors including Independent Directors
and fulfilment of the independence criteria and their
independence from the management.
The Board evaluated the perormance of the Board as a
whole after seeking inputs from all the directors on the
basis of criteria such as Board composition and structure,
effectiveness of board processes, information and functioning,
etc. The perormance of the individual directors (including the
Independent Directors) was reviewed by the Board on the basis
of criteria such as contribution of individual director to the
Board and Commitee meetings, preparedness on the issue
to be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution
and inputs in the meetings etc. The perormance of the Board
Commitees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs
from the Commitee members on the basis of the criteria such
as composition of Commitees, effectiveness of Commitees,
etc. In addition, the Chairperson of the Board was also
evaluated on the key aspects of her role.
13. Familiarisation Programme for
Independent Directors
All Independent Directors are briefed about their roles,
functions and responsibilities in the Company. The
appointment leter issued to Independent Directors also
sets out detailed terms of employment including their
roles, function, responsibilities and their fiduciary duties
as a director of the Company. Furher, as a process, the
Company conducts formal induction programs for the new
Independent Director, which includes familiarisation with

Company s vision, core values, ethics and Corporate
Governance practices.

Company s Business structure, Business operations,
Service lines, Financials, Internal control processes,
Statutory compliances, Major risks & Risk management
strategy.

Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, Insider Trading
Code, Fair Disclosure Code, Anti-bribery and Anti-
Corruption Policy and other codes/polices of the
As par of the familiarisation program, Independent
Directors are provided with ongoing updates to enable them
to familiarise with the Company s procedures and practices.
Furher, periodic presentations are made at the Board
and its Commitee Meetings, on Business & Perormance
updates, Global business environment, Business strategy,
Market trends, ESG overview, Internal controls, Risk &
Compliance updates, etc. Quarerly updates on relevant
statutory changes are also provided to the directors in the
Board meetings.
An Annual strategy meet of the Board is organized to
deliberate on various topics relating to strategic planning in
various Lines of Business & geographies, Human Resource
maters, New strategic initiatives, etc. During the Strategy
sessions, the Board members get a comprehensive overview
of the strategy execution, future opporunities & challenges,
competitive strengths, etc. The Strategy meet enables very
close interaction of the senior leadership with the Board
members.
The weblink of the familiarisation programme and of the
draft appointment leter have been provided at the end of
this Repor.
14. Board Diversity
The Company recognizes its obligation to maintain a diverse
Board. The Company considers that the concept of diversity
incorporates several different aspects, such as professional
experiences, business perspectives, skills, knowledge,
gender, age, culture, educational background and ethnicity.
The Company believes that Board diversity enhances
decision making capability and a diverse Board is more
effective in dealing with organizational changes and less
likely to suffer from group thinking.
The Board Diversity policy of the Company is available on
the website of the Company and the weblink for the same
has been provided at the end of this Repor.
15. Board Commitees
The Board Commitees play a crucial role in the governance
structure of the Company and are being set out to deal
with specific areas/activities which concern the Company
and need a closer review. They are set up under the formal
approval of the Board to carry out their clearly defined roles.
The Board supervises the execution of its responsibilities by
the Commitees and is responsible for their actions.
Keeping in view the requirements of the Act as well as the
Listing Regulations, the Board has approved the terms of
reference of the various commitees which set forh the
purposes, goals and responsibilities of the Commitees.
All observations, recommendations and decisions of the
Commitees are placed before the Board for information
and/or for approval.
All decisions/recommendations made by various Board
Commitees during FY 2024-25 were noted/accepted by
the Board.
16. Frequency and Length of Meetings of the
Commitees of the Board and Agenda
The Chairperson of each Commitee of the Company,
in consultation with the appropriate members of the
management determine the frequency and length of the
meetings of the Commitees and develop the agenda of
the Commitees. The agenda of the Commitee meetings is
shared in advance with all the members of the Commitee.

Corporate Governance Repor
17. Chairpersonship/Membership of Directors in Commitees of the Board of Directors of the
Company as on March 31, 2025
Director
Audit
Commitee
Nomination
Remuneration
Commitee
Stakeholders
Relationship
Commitee
Corporate
Social
Responsibility
Commitee
Risk
Management
Commitee
ESG & Diversity
Equity
Inclusion
Commitee
Executive Director
1.
Mr. C Vijayakumar
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Non- Executive Non- Independent Directors
2.
Ms. Roshni Nadar
Malhotra
NA
NA
Member
Chairperson
NA
Member
3.
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
NA
NA
Member
NA
NA
NA
Non- Executive Independent Directors
4.
Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian
Member
NA
NA
Member
Member
Member
5.
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
Chairperson
NA
NA
NA
Chairperson
NA
6.
Ms. Lee Fang Chew
Member
NA
NA
NA
Member
NA
7.
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
Member
Member
Chairperson
NA
Member
NA
8.
Mr. Simon John England
NA
Member
NA
Member
NA
Chairperson
9.
Mr. Thomas Sieber
Member
NA
NA
NA
Member
NA
10.
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
NA
Chairperson
NA
NA
NA
NA
assurance that such systems are adequate and
comprehensive and are working effectively.
Reviewing with the management, the
implementation of the entire risk management
process including the process of identifying
significance risk exposures and mitigation thereof.
Review of Internal Audit function, Internal Audit
plans and Internal Audit repors.
Review and ensure the existence, adequacy
and effective functioning of a Vigil Mechanism/
Whistleblower Policy is appropriate to the size,
complexity and geographic spread of the Company.
Review and approve the Related Pary Transactions.
Appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Internal Auditor.
The detailed terms of reference of the AC are available
on the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.
com/investor-relations/governance-policies.
Details of AC Meetings
Nine meetings of the AC were held during the
FY 2024-25. These meetings were held on April 26,
2024, June 24, 2024, July 12, 2024, August 18, 2024,
September 26, 2024, October 14, 2024, December
19, 2024, January 13, 2025 and March 28, 2025. The
necessary quorum was present at all the meetings.
The maximum interval between any two consecutive
meetings did not exceed 120 days, as prescribed under
the Listing Regulations.
18. Details of Board Commitees
The details of the Board Commitees are as follows:
Audit Commitee
The Company s Audit Commitee ( AC ) comprises of
five members, all of whom are Independent Directors.
The Commitee is chaired by Mr. Deepak Kapoor.
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian, Ms. Lee Fang Chew,
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva and Mr. Thomas Sieber are the
other members of the Commitee.
The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to the
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the AC, inter alia, includes
Recommend to the Board the appointment,
re-appointment and if required, the replacement
or removal of the statutory auditors and monitor
their Independence and Perormance.
Review and examination with the statutory
auditors the proposed repor on the annual audit
and areas of concern, if any.
Review and examination of the Company s financial
reporing process and the disclosure of its financial
information to ensure that the financial statements
are accurate, sufficient and credible.
Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk
management systems, to obtain reasonable

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The atendance details of the members at the AC
meetings held during FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Commitee
Member
Position
No. of
Commitee
Member's
No. of
Commitee
by Member
Aten-
(%)
Mr. Deepak
Kapoor(1)
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Bhavani
Balasub-
Member
100%
Ms. Lee
Fang
Chew(2)
Member
100%
Ms. Nishi
Vasudeva
Member
100%
Mr. Thomas
Sieber
Member
100%
Madhavan(1)
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Robin
Ann
Abrams (3)
Member
100%
Notes
1)
Mr. Deepak Kapoor, Independent Director, who
was a member of the Commitee, was appointed
as the Chairperson of the AC w.e.f. August 5, 2024,
in place of Mr. S. Madhavan who ceased to be the
director of the Company on completion of his
tenure as Independent Director w.e.f. August 5,
2024. Accordingly, Mr. S. Madhavan ceased to be
Chairperson of the AC w.e.f. the said date.
2)
Ms. Lee Fang Chew was co-opted as the member
of the AC w.e.f. January 13, 2025.
3)
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams ceased to be the director
of the Company on completion of her tenure
as Independent Director w.e.f. August 5, 2024.
Accordingly, she ceased to be member of the AC
Nomination and Remuneration Commitee
The Company s Nomination and Remuneration
Commitee ( NRC ) comprises of three members, all
of whom are Independent Directors. The Commitee is
chaired by Ms. Vanitha Narayanan. Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
and Mr. Simon John England are the other members of
the Commitee.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the NRC, inter alia, includes
Succession planning for cerain key positions
in the Company viz. Directors, Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), Chief Operating Officer (COO),
Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Senior Management
and Corporate Officers.
Review and recommend to the Board the
appointment/re-appointment, and removal of
Directors (including Independent Directors)/
Key Managerial Personnel and persons in Senior
Management and approve the appointment of
Corporate Officers.
Approve/recommend the remuneration and
promotions of the Corporate Officers/Senior
Management & Key Managerial Personnel.
Review criteria to carry out the perormance
evaluation of the Board as a whole and of
individual Directors.
Devise a Policy on Board Diversity.
Approve grant of stock options.
The detailed terms of reference of the NRC are available
on the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.
com/investor-relations/governance-policies.
Details of NRC Meetings
Five meetings of the NRC were held during FY 2024-25.
These meetings were held on April 24, 2024, July 11, 2024,
August 18, 2024, October 7, 2024 and January 8, 2025.
The necessary quorum was present at all the meetings.
The atendance details of the members at the NRC
meetings held during the FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Commitee
Member
Position
No. of
Commitee
Member's
No. of
Commitee
by Member
Aten-
(%)
Ms. Vanitha
Narayanan
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Nishi
Vasudeva(1)
Member
100%
Mr. Simon
John
England
Member
100%
Dr. Mohan
Chellappa(2)
Member
100%
Ms. Robin
Ann
Abrams(2)
Member
100%
Mr. R.
Srinivasan(2)
Member
100%
Notes
1)
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva, Independent Director, was co-
opted as a member of the NRC w.e.f. August 5, 2024.
2)
Dr. Mohan Chellappa, Ms. Robin Ann Abrams and
Mr. R. Srinivasan ceased to be directors of the
Company on completion of their respective
tenures as Independent Directors w.e.f. August 5,
2024. Accordingly, they ceased to be members of
the NRC w.e.f. the said date.

Corporate Governance Repor
Perormance Evaluation Criteria for Independent Directors
The Perormance Evaluation Criteria for the Independent
Directors was approved by the NRC. While determining the
perormance evaluation criteria the NRC considered various
factors including contribution of the individual director,
preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful
paricipation & inputs in meetings, etc.
Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial
Personnel and other employees
Scope of the Policy
The Remuneration Policy ( Policy ) applies to the
Directors, Key Managerial personnel and other
employees of HCL Technologies Limited ( Company )
and its subsidiaries.
Background
A transparent, fair and reasonable process for
determining the appropriate remuneration at all career
levels and roles as prevalent in the Company is required
to ensure that the Shareholders remain informed and
confident in the management of the Company.
Objective
The objectives of this policy are:
To create a transparent system of determining the
appropriate level of remuneration throughout all
career levels and roles of the Company.
Motivate the directors, Key Managerial personnel
and other employees, to perorm to their
maximum potential.
To reward perormance and meritocracy, based on
review of achievements on a regular basis and is
in consonance and benchmarked with the existing
industry practices.
Allow the Company to compete in each relevant
employment market.
Provide consistency in remuneration and benefits
throughout the Company and
Align the perormance of the business with the
perormance of key individuals and teams within
Remuneration Policy for Directors
Executive Directors
The remuneration of the Executive Directors
will be recommended by the Nomination and
Remuneration Commitee ( Commitee ) to the
Board of Directors ( Board ) and after approval
by the Board the same will be put up for the
shareholder s approval.
Non-Executive Directors
Non-Executive Directors will be paid commission
as approved by the Board within the limits
approved by the shareholders of the Company.
The amount of such commission, taken together
for all Non-Executive Directors, will not exceed
1% of the net profits of the Company in a financial
year calculated as per the requirements of
Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013. The said
commission shall be decided each year by the
Board of Directors and distributed amongst the
Non-Executive Directors based on their evaluation,
and contribution at the Board and cerain
Commitee meetings, as well as the time spent on
operational maters other than at meetings.
The Company shall reimburse the travelling, hotel
and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the
Directors for atending the meetings and for other
work on behalf of the Company.
Remuneration Policy for Key Managerial Personnel and
other employees
The Company s remuneration policy of Key Managerial
Personnel (other than Executive Directors covered
above) and other employees is driven by their success
and perormance of the Company. Through its
compensation programme, the Company endeavors
to atract, retain, develop and motivate a high
perormance workforce. The Company follows a
compensation mix of fixed pay, perormance-based
variable pay, benefits and perquisites, long term
cash incentive plans and equity based reward plans.
Individual perormance pay is determined by business
perormance and the perormance of the individuals
measured through periodic appraisal process. The
Company will ensure that level and composition of
remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to atract,
retain and motivate all employees to contribute to their
potential and in turn run the Company successfully.
The Company may consider on case-to-case basis
for granting the personal loan to the employees on a
specific request by the employees.
VI.
Disclosure
The Policy shall be disclosed in the Board Repor,
Annual Repor, website and such other places as may
be required by the Act and rules framed thereunder,
Equity Listing Agreement entered into with the stock
exchanges (including any statutory modification(s) or
re-enactment thereof) and such other laws for the time
being in force.
VII. Implementation
This Policy has been approved and adopted by the
Board of the Company after the recommendation
of the Commitee of the Company. Any revisions
to the Policy will be submited to the Board for
consideration and approval upon recommendation by
the Commitee.
The above policy is also available at the website of the
Company and weblink for the same is provided at the
end of this Repor.
Stakeholders Relationship Commitee
The Company s Stakeholders Relationship Commitee
( SRC ) comprises of three members out of which one
member is Independent Director. The Commitee is
chaired by Ms. Nishi Vasudeva, Independent Director

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
of the Company. Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra and
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra are the other members of the
Mr. Manish Anand, Company Secretary, is the
Compliance Officer of the Company.
Terms of Reference
The SRC has been formed to underake the following
activities:
To review and take all necessary actions for
redressal of grievances and complaints of security
holders as may be required in the interests of the
security holders.
To review the measures taken for effective
exercise of voting rights by shareholders.
To review the adherence to the service standards
adopted by the Company in relation to various
services provided by the Registrar & Share
Transfer Agent.
To review the following:
measures and initiatives taken for reducing
the quantum of unclaimed dividends; and
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/
annual repors/statutory notices by the
shareholders.
To approve requests of re-materialisation of
shares/securities, issuance of split and duplicate
shares/security cerificates.
Details of SRC Meetings
Three meetings of the SRC were held during the
FY 2024-25. These meetings were held on April 23,
2024, July 24, 2024 and December 19, 2024. The
necessary quorum was present at all the meetings.
The atendance details of the members at the SRC
meetings held during the FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Commitee
Member
Position
No. of
Commitee
Member's
No. of
Commitee
by Member
Aten-
(%)
Ms. Nishi
Vasudeva(1)
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Roshni
Nadar
Malhotra
Member
100%
Mr. Shikhar
Malhotra
Member
100%
Mr. S
Madhavan(1)
Chairperson
100%
Note
1)
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva was co-opted as the member
of the Commitee w.e.f. August 5, 2024. She was
also appointed as Chairperson of the Commitee
w.e.f. August 5, 2024 in place of Mr. S. Madhavan
who ceased to be director of the Company
on completion of his tenure as Independent
Director w.e.f. August 5, 2024. Accordingly, Mr. S.
Madhavan ceased to be Chairperson of the SRC
Investors Grievances
The following table shows the Investors complaints
received and resolved during FY 2024-25:
Pariculars
No. of Complaints
Investor complaints pending at the
beginning of the year
NIL
Investor complaints received during
Investor complaints disposed off
during the year
Investor complaints remaining
unresolved at the end of the year
NIL
Risk Management Commitee
The Company s Risk Management Commitee
( RMC ) comprises of five members, all of whom are
Independent Directors. The Commitee is chaired by
Mr. Deepak Kapoor. Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian,
Ms. Lee Fang Chew, Ms. Nishi Vasudeva and Mr. Thomas
Sieber are the other members of the Commitee.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the RMC, inter alia, includes
Overseeing the identification, evaluation,
monitoring and mitigation of internal and external
risks.
Formulate a detailed Risk Management Policy and
periodically review the same.
Review global privacy compliance program to
mitigate significant privacy risks.
Maintain an aggregated view on the risk profile of
the Company/industry in addition to the profile of
individual risks.
Advise the Board on acceptable levels of risk
appetite, tolerance and strategy appropriate to
the size and nature of business and the complexity
and geographic spread of the Company s
Approve the treasury/investment policy and
review the perormance thereof.
Review strategies for managing the foreign
exchange exposure and to approve the forex/
hedging policy.
Review and approve the insurance coverage
program for the Company.
The detailed terms of reference of the RMC are available on
the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/
investor-relations/governance-policies.

Corporate Governance Repor
Details of the RMC Meetings
Five meetings of the RMC were held during the
FY 2024-25. These meetings were held on June 24, 2024,
September 26, 2024, December 19, 2024, March 7, 2025
and March 28, 2025. The necessary quorum was present
at all the meetings. The maximum interval between any
two consecutive meetings did not exceed 210 days, as
prescribed under the Listing Regulations.
The atendance details of the members at the RMC
meetings held during FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Commitee
Member
Position
No. of
Commitee
Member's
No. of
Commitee
by Member
Aten-
(%)
Mr. Deepak
Kapoor(1)
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Bhavani
Balasub-
Member
100%
Ms. Lee
Fang
Chew(2)
Member
100%
Ms. Nishi
Vasudeva
Member
100%
Mr. Thomas
Sieber
Member
80%
Madhavan(1)
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Robin
Ann
Abrams (3)
Member
100%
Notes
1)
Mr. Deepak Kapoor, Independent Director, who was
a member of the Commitee, was appointed as
the Chairperson of the RMC w.e.f. August 5, 2024
in place of Mr. S. Madhavan who ceased to be the
director of the Company on completion of his tenure
as Independent Director w.e.f. August 5, 2024 and
consequently ceased to be the chairperson of the RMC
2)
Ms. Lee Fang Chew was co-opted as the member of
the RMC w.e.f. October 14, 2024.
3)
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams ceased to be the director of the
Company on completion of her tenure as Independent
Director w.e.f. August 5, 2024. Accordingly, she ceased
to be member of the RMC w.e.f. the said date.
Corporate Social Responsibility Commitee
The Company s Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR )
Commitee comprises of three members out of which
two are Independent Directors. The Commitee is
chaired by Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra. Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian and Mr. Simon John England,
Independent Directors of the Company, are the other
members of the Commitee.
The CSR Policy of the Company is available on the
website of the Company and the weblink for the same
has been provided at the end of this Repor.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the CSR Commitee, inter
alia, includes the following:
Formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR
Policy and monitor the CSR policy.
Recommend the amount of expenditure to be
incurred on CSR activities.
Formulate and recommend to the Board the
Annual Action Plan and monitor the Annual Action
Plan.
Institute a transparent monitoring mechanism for
implementation of CSR projects or programs or
activities underaken by the Company.
Review the need for Impact Assessment, if any, for
the projects or programmes.
The detailed terms of reference of the CSR Commitee are
available on the website of the Company at htps://www.
hcltech.com/investor-relations/governance-policies.
Details of CSR Commitee Meetings
Two meetings of the CSR commitee were held during the
FY 2024-25. These meetings were held on April 11, 2024 and
October 7, 2024. The necessary quorum was present at all
the meetings.
The atendance details of the members at the CSR
Commitee meetings held during FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Commitee
Member
Position
No. of
Commitee
Member's
No. of
Commitee
by Member
Aten-
(%)
Ms. Roshni
Nadar
Malhotra
Chairperson
100%
Ms. Bhavani
Balasub-
ramanian(1)
Member
100%
Mr. Simon
John
England(1)
Member
100%
Dr. Mohan
Chellappa(2)
Member
100%
Madhavan(2)
Member
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Notes
1)
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian and Mr. Simon John
England, Independent Directors were co-opted as
members of the CSR Commitee w.e.f. August 5, 2024.
2)
Dr. Mohan Chellappa and Mr. S. Madhavan ceased
to be the directors of the Company on completion
of their respective tenures as Independent Directors
w.e.f. August 5, 2024. Accordingly, they ceased to be
members of the CSR Commitee w.e.f. the said date.
F.
ESG & Diversity Equity Inclusion Commitee
In order to affirm, guide and suppor the commitment
of the Company towards ESG and to drive gender
diversity, the Company has in place a Commitee of the
Company named as ESG & Diversity Equity Inclusion
( ESG & DEI ) Commitee.
The ESG & DEI Commitee of the Company comprises
of three members, out of which two are Independent
Directors. The Commitee is chaired by Mr. Simon
John England, Independent Director. Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian and Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra are
the other members of the Commitee.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the ESG & DEI Commitee,
inter alia, includes the following:
Review emerging risks and opporunities
associated with sustainability/ESG issues relative
to the Company that have the potential to impact
reputation and business perormance.
Approve the immediate and long-term plans
and strategy for sustainability/ESG and satisfy
itself that such strategies are integrated into the
Company s strategic plan.
Guide the management on the Company s public
disclosures with respect to ESG maters.
Review Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Review the hiring process to ensure that there is
fair representation of women.
Review that the Company builds leadership
pipeline to achieve balanced gender ratio to all
the levels of leadership.
Review that the Company empowers people
of different ethnicity and diverse cultural
backgrounds.
Review that the Company ensure non-
discrimination and recognition of the diversity of
people with disabilities.
The detailed terms of reference of the ESG & DEI
Commitee are available on the website at htps://www.
hcltech.com/investor-relations/governance-policies.
Details of ESG & DEI Commitee Meetings
Four meetings of the ESG & DEI Commitee were held
during FY 2024-25. These meetings were held on May 20,
2024, August 9, 2024, November 11, 2024, and February
7, 2025. The necessary quorum was present at all the
meetings.
The atendance details of the members at the ESG & DEI
Commitee meetings held during FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Name
of the
Commitee
Member
Position
No. of
Commitee
Member's
No. of
Commitee
by Member
Aten-
(%)
Mr. Simon
John
England(1)
Chairperson
100%
Bhavani
Balasub-
ramanian(2)
Member
100%
Ms. Roshni
Nadar
Malhotra
Member
100%
Ms. Robin
Ann
Abrams(1)
Chairperson
100%
Notes
1)
Mr. Simon John England, Independent Director, who
was a member of the Commitee, was appointed as
the Chairperson of the Commitee w.e.f. August 5,
2024 in place of Ms. Robin Ann Abrams who ceased to
be the director of the Company on completion of her
tenure as Independent Director w.e.f. August 5, 2024.
Accordingly, she ceased to be member of the ESG &
DEI Commitee w.e.f. the said date.
2)
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian was co-opted as the
Member of the ESG & DEI Commitee w.e.f. August 5, 2024.
G.
Finance Commitee
The Finance Commitee ( FC ), a non-mandatory
commitee of the Company was dissolved w.e.f.
October 14, 2024. Cerain tasks assigned to the FC
were migrated to the other Board Commitees.
During FY 2024-25, before its dissolution, FC met once
on May 23, 2024.
19. Pariculars of Senior Management of the
The name and designation of the Senior management persons
of the Company as on March 31, 2025, are given below:
Name
Designation
1.
Mr. Shiv Kumar Walia*
Chief Financial Officer
2.
Mr. Rahul Singh
Chief Operating Officer-
Corporate Functions
3.
Mr. Ramachandran
Sundararajan
Chief People Officer
4.
Mr. Vijay Anand Guntur
Chief Technology Officer
& Head of Ecosystems
5.
Mr. Manish Anand
Company Secretary

Corporate Governance Repor
*Mr. Shiv Kumar Walia was appointed as the Chief Financial
Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
w.e.f. September 6, 2024 in place of Mr. Prateek Aggarwal,
who resigned from the services of the Company w.e.f. the
said date.
20. Criteria for Making Payments to
Executive and Non-Executive Directors
and Key Managerial Personnel of the
The Remuneration Policy of the Company is aimed at
rewarding perormance, based on a review of achievements
on a regular basis and is in consonance with existing
industry practices.
The criteria for making payments to Executive and
Non-Executive Directors of the Company are as under:
Executive Director
On the recommendations of the Board and the
Nomination and Remuneration Commitee, the
shareholders of the Company approved the
appointment of Mr. C. Vijayakumar as the Managing
Director of the Company with the designation of
CEO & Managing Director w.e.f. July 20, 2021, along
with remuneration payable to him in the AGM of the
Company held on August 27, 2021.
In terms of the shareholders approval for the
appointment of Mr. C. Vijayakumar as the CEO
& Managing Director, the appointment may be
terminated by either pary by giving to the other pary
six months prior notice of such termination. However,
the Company will have an option to terminate the
services on immediate basis or by shorer notice by
paying remuneration in lieu thereof.
The remuneration paid to Mr. C. Vijayakumar during the
financial year ended March 31, 2025, is as under:
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
(USD Million)
Base Salary
1.96
Perormance linked Bonus
1.73
Long-term incentive - cash
component
-
Long-term incentive - perquisite
value of the perormance based
RSUs exercised during FY 25
6.96
Benefits, Perquisites, Allowances, etc.
0.20
Total
10.85
Notes
1)
Mr. C. Vijayakumar is based in the USA and draws
remuneration from HCL America Inc., a step-down
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, incorporated
under the laws of California, USA and he did not receive
any remuneration from the Company.
The perormance-linked bonus of USD 1.73 million paid
in FY 2024-25 was related to his perormance for the
previous FY 2023-24.
The Long-term incentive ( LTI ) is paid at fixed intervals
(at the end of two years) based on the achievement
of milestones/parameters decided by the Board.
Accordingly, the LTI relating to his perormance for
FY 2023-24 and for FY 2024-25 shall be paid during
FY 2025-26.
2)
As par of the LTI, cerain number of RSUs were granted
to Mr. C. Vijayakumar, the details of which are given
hereunder:
Pariculars
Perormance
Based RSUs
Tenure Based RSUs
Date of
Grant
20-Dec-
16-Apr-
20-Dec-
06-Jul-
16-Apr-
No. of
RSUs
9,00,060 25,990 3,27,295 44,732 3,63,861
Exercise
Price per
RSU
₹2/-
Vesting
Date-
31-Jul-23
3,37,523
-
31-Jul-24
-
44,732
-
31-Mar-25
-
3,27,295
-
31-Jul-25
5,62,537
-
31-Jul-26
-
25,990
-
2,33,911
30-Jun-28
-
1,29,950
RSUs Exercised during the Financial Years
3,37,523
-
3,27,295 44,732
-
Non-Executive Directors
During the financial year under review, the Company
paid siting fees to its Non-Executive Directors for
atending the meetings of the Board of Directors, Audit
Commitee and Finance Commitee of the Company.
The Company also paid commission to its
Non-Executive Directors as per the limits approved by
the Board and the shareholders of the Company.
The details of siting fees and commission to the Non-Executive
Directors for the year ended March 31, 2025, are as under:
Name of the Director
Siting fees
paid for FY
Commission
payable for FY
Ms. Roshni Nadar
Malhotra
0.01
0.84
Ms. Bhavani
Balasubramanian
0.03
0.91
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
0.03
0.89
Ms. Lee Fang Chew
0.01
1.12
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
0.03
0.94
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
0.02
0.75
Mr. Simon John England
0.01
1.29
Mr. Thomas Sieber
0.03
1.23
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
0.01
1.15
Mr. S. Madhavan*
0.01
0.37

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Director
Siting fees
paid for FY
Commission
payable for FY
Dr. Mohan Chellappa*
0.01
0.52
Ms. Robin Ann Abrams*
0.01
0.58
Dr. S. Shankara Sastry*
0.01
0.46
Mr. R. Srinivasan*
0.01
0.54
*Mr. S. Madhavan, Dr. Mohan Chellappa, Ms. Robin Ann
Abrams, Dr. S. Shankara Sastry and Mr. R. Srinivasan, ceased
to be the directors of the Company on completion of their
respective tenures as Independent Directors w.e.f. August 5,
2024.
There are no other pecuniary relationships or transactions in
regard to the payment of remuneration of the
Non-Executive Directors with the Company.
21. Succession Planning
Succession Planning aids the Company in identifying and
developing internal people with the potential to fill cerain
key positions in the Company viz. Directors, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Senior Management and Corporate Officers. IT increases the
availability of experienced and capable employees that are
prepared to assume these roles as they become available.
Succession Planning is par of the charer of the Nomination
and Remuneration Commitee ("NRC") of the Company. The
NRC identifies, screens and reviews candidates, inside or
outside the Company and provides its recommendations
to the Board for the Directors, Chief Executive Officer and
Senior Management.
22. Independence of Statutory Auditors
The Board ensures that the statutory auditors of the
Company are independent and have an arm s length
relationship with the Company.
Total Fees Paid to Statutory Auditors during the year
under review are as follows:
Fees for Audit Services
For FY 2024-25, ₹12 crores were paid/incurred by
the Company and its subsidiaries to the Statutory
Auditors and their network firms in India; and ₹11 crores
were paid/incurred by the Company and its overseas
subsidiaries to the firms which are member firms and/
or licensees of the international organization of which
the Statutory Auditors of the Company is a
sub-licensee. The fee was paid for audit services
related to the Company and some of its subsidiaries
and included fee for review/audit of IFRS financial
statements on a consolidated basis.
Fees for Non-Audit Services
For FY 2024-25, no non-audit services were availed
(in India and overseas), from the Statutory Auditors of
the Company, their network firms, and the firms which
are member firms and/or licensees of the international
organization of which the Statutory Auditors of the
Company is a sub-licensee.
23. Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Policy
The Board has prescribed a Code of Business Ethics and
Conduct ( COBEC ) Policy that provides for transparency,
ethical conduct, a friendly workplace, legal compliance
and protection of Company s propery and information.
This year, the Company has rolled out a new COBEC
Policy which is available on website of the Company in
English and 14 different languages and the weblink for the
same has been provided at the end of this repor. COBEC
is a set of principles that guides our directors, officers
and employees in their dealing with third pary vendors,
consultants and customers across the world. COBEC also
includes the duties of Independent Directors as mentioned
in Schedule IV of the Act. COBEC Policy is periodically
reviewed taking into account the prevailing business
and ethical practices. All Board members and Senior
Management personnel have confirmed compliance with
COBEC Policy for FY 2024-25. A declaration to this effect
signed by the Chairperson and CEO & Managing Director
of the Company is provided in this Annual Repor.
24. Code for Prevention of Insider Trading
The Company has comprehensive codes and polices on
prevention of Insider Trading and fair disclosure in line with
the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015
(as amended from time to time). The Code of Conduct on
Prohibition of Insider Trading ( Insider Trading Code )
inter alia prohibits trading in the shares (including
derivatives) of the Company by the Designated Persons
(as defined under the Insider Trading Code) and their
immediate relatives, while in possession of unpublished
price sensitive information.
25. Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
To ensure that the Company is conducting its business
activities with honesty, integrity and the highest possible
ethical standards and to demonstrate the Company s
commitment towards prevention, deterrence and
detection of fraud, bribery and other corrupt business
practices, the Company has in place an Anti-Bribery and
Anti-Corruption ( ABAC ) Policy and Program that applies
to the directors, employees at all levels, consultants,
agents and other persons associated with the Company,
its affiliates and subsidiaries. This Policy covers maters
relating to hospitality, offset obligations, employment
of relatives, guidance on gifts, political/charitable
contributions, extorion/blackmail responses etc. ABAC
Policy is available on the website of the Company and the
weblink for the same has been provided at the end of this
The Company has aligned its ABAC framework with
the ISO 37001:2016 Anti-Bribery Management Systems
( ABMS ) cerification. This has helped strengthen the
ABAC framework to encourage all employees and business
associates to understand and embrace the ethical
standards and make informed and ethical decisions. The
cerification agency, the British Standards Institution
( BSI ), has issued the ISO 37001:2016 cerificate dated

Corporate Governance Repor
December 17, 2023 to the Company valid for a period of
3 years till December 16, 2026, and re-cerifiable furher
thereafter.
HCLTech has received the coveted designation of
Ethisphere s 2025 World s Most Ethical Companies ,
for the second consecutive year. Ethisphere is a global
leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical
business practices. HCLTech received this recognition
after completing the World s Most Ethical Companies
assessment process, which requires companies to provide
over 240 different proof points on their culture of ethics;
environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") practices;
ethics and compliance program; and initiatives that
suppor a strong value chain.
26. Prevention and Redressal of Sexual
Harassment at Workplace Policy
As per the requirement of the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal)
Act, 2013 ("POSH Act") and Rules made thereunder, in
order to provide a safe and healthy work environment free
of any hassles and all kinds of harassment including sexual
harassment and to prevent and redress such harassment
complaints, the Company has in place Prevention and
Redressal of Sexual Harassment at Workplace Policy.
This policy applies to all employees of the Company,
its group companies and joint ventures operating out
of India like regular, temporary, ad-hoc, daily wagers,
contractual staff, vendors, clients, consultants, trainees,
probationers, apprentices, contract labor and all visitors
to the Company. Any complaints about harassment is
treated under this Policy. This Policy is not confined to
the actual working place of the employees in the sense of
the physical space in which paid work may be perormed
as per the prescribed duty hours but also includes any
place visited by the employee arising out of or during the
course of employment. The Company has constituted an
Internal Complaints Commitee for redressal of all sexual
harassment complaints. These maters are also being
repored to the Audit Commitee. The details on the status
of the complaints received and disposed off during the
year have been provided in the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Repor which forms par of this Annual
27. Whistleblower Policy/Vigil Mechanism
The principles of trust through transparency and
accountability are at the core of the Company s existence.
To ensure strict compliance with ethical and legal standards
across the Company, a Whistleblower Policy is in place to
provide appropriate avenues to the employees, contractors,
contractors employees, clients, vendors, internal or
external auditors, consultants, law enforcement/regulatory
agencies or other third paries to bring to the atention of
the management any issues which are perceived to be of
unethical behavior including breach of Company s Code of
Conduct to regulate, monitor and repor Insider Trading by
Designated Persons and their immediate relatives, including
any incident involving leak or suspected leak of unpublished
price sensitive information, actual or suspected fraud or
violation of the Company s Code of Business Ethics and
Conduct. All cases registered under the Whistleblower
Policy of the Company are repored to the external
Ombudsperson who carries out preliminary investigation.
Complaints received against any EX-band (i.e. Executive
Vice Presidents) and C Level Officers (CEO/CFO/CPO/
President/Corporate Officers) or complaints against any
Director or Chairperson of the Company are overseen by the
Chairperson of the Audit Commitee and disciplinary action
is decided by the Audit Commitee. Complaints against
other employees are investigated by an independent
team which is overseen by the Ethics Commitee. The
Whistleblower has direct access to the Chairperson of
the Audit Commitee, and the Chairperson of the Audit
Commitee is authorized to prescribe suitable directions
in this regard. The identity of the Whistleblower is kept
confidential.
The Audit Commitee reviews the policy and its
implementation on periodic basis and is provided a quarerly
update on the status of various complaints received and
investigated. The policy is available on the website of the
Company and the weblink for the same has been provided at
the end of this Repor.
28. General Body Meetings
Annual General Meeting ("AGM")
The location and time of the AGMs held and details of
special resolutions passed thereat during the preceding 3
years are as follows:
Financial
Year
Date
Time
(IST)
Venue
Details of Special
Resolution
passed
August
13, 2024
11:00
Via Video
Conferencing
Re-appointment
of Mr. Simon
John England as
an Independent
Director of the
August
22, 2023
11:00
Via Video
Conferencing
No special
resolution was
passed.
August
16, 2022
11:00
Via Video
Conferencing
No special
resolution was
passed.
Extraordinary General Meeting ("EGM")
No EGM of the Members was held during FY 2024-25.
29. Details of Special Resolutions Passed
Through Postal Ballot, The Person Who
Conducted the Postal Ballot Exercise,
Details of the Voting Patern and
Procedure of Postal Ballot
During the year under review, approval of the
shareholders was received on the following maters
via special resolutions passed on July 3, 2024, through
postal ballot/remote e-voting facility:

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25

Appointment of Ms. Lee Fang Chew
(DIN - 02112309) as an Independent Director of the

Approval of HCL Technologies Limited -
Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2024 and Grant of
Restricted Stock Units to the Eligible Employees of
the Company thereunder.

Grant of Restricted Stock Units to the Eligible
Employees of Subsidiaries and/or Associate
Companies of the Company under the HCL
Technologies Limited - Restricted Stock Unit Plan
2024 .

Authorization for secondary acquisition of equity
shares of the Company by HCL Technologies
Stock Options Trust for implementation of HCL
Technologies Limited - Restricted Stock Unit Plan
2024 and providing financial assistance in this regard.
Details of Voting Patern
Based on Scrutinizer s Repor, the details of voting patern
in respect of the resolutions passed through postal ballot
are as under:
Resolution
cast in favour
against
cast in
favour on
votes polled
cast against
on votes
Appointment of Ms. Lee Fang Chew
(DIN - 02112309) as an Independent
Director of the Company.
2,48,63,85,151 2,48,30,86,404
32,98,747
91.62%
99.87%
0.13%
Approval of HCL Technologies
Limited - Restricted Stock Unit
Plan 2024 and Grant of Restricted
Stock Units to the Eligible
Employees of the Company
thereunder.
2,47,52,73,126
2,29,42,95,637
18,09,77,489
91.22%
92.69%
7.31%
Grant of Restricted Stock Units
to the Eligible Employees of
Subsidiaries and/or Associate
Companies of the Company under
the HCL Technologies Limited -
Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2024 .
2,47,52,72,610
2,29,73,16,007
17,79,56,603
91.22%
92.81%
7.19%
Authorization for secondary
acquisition of equity shares
of the Company by HCL
Technologies Stock Options
Trust for implementation of HCL
Technologies Limited - Restricted
Stock Unit Plan 2024 and providing
financial assistance in this regard.
2,47,52,72,680
2,29,97,95,062
17,54,77,618
91.22%
92.91%
7.09%
The postal ballot was conducted in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 108 & 110 and other applicable
provisions of the Act, read with Rules 20 & 22 of the
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
( Management Rules ) and Regulation 44 of the Listing
M/s. Nityanand Singh & Co., Company Secretaries, was
appointed as the Scrutinizer for conducting the postal
ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and
transparent manner in accordance with the Act and the
Management Rules made thereunder.
Details of special resolution proposed to be conducted
through Postal Ballot
As on the date of this Repor, no special resolution is
proposed to be conducted through postal ballot.
30. Means of Communication
The quarerly, half-yearly and annual financial results
of the Company are published in leading newspapers
in India, generally in Mint (all editions) and Hindustan
Hindi (Delhi Edition).
The Company s website i.e. www.hcltech.com provides
comprehensive information on the Company s porfolio
of businesses. The website has an exclusive section on
Investor Relations on the Company s website htps://
www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/governance-
policies. that enables to access information at
convenience. The financial results, Annual Repor,
details of earnings call, investor presentations, press
releases, quarerly repors and other documents are
hosted on the website and also communicated to the
stock exchanges viz. NSE and BSE.
As the Unsecured Notes of HCL America Inc., a step-
down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
incorporated under the laws of California, USA are
listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading
Limited ( SGX ), the necessary filings and intimations
filed by the Company on NSE and BSE are also filed on
the dedicated website of SGX i.e. SGX Stargate.

Corporate Governance Repor
31. General Shareholder Information
Annual General Meeting
Date
Time
Venue
Shall be specified in the AGM Notice.
Financial Year
April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025.
Date of Book Closure
Book Closure, if any, shall be specified in the AGM Notice.
Dividend Payment Date
There is no final dividend recommended by the Board.
Listing of Equity Shares on stock
exchanges in India
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. ( NSE )
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G Block
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai - 400 051, India
Tel.: +91-22-26598100, Fax: +91-22-26598210
BSE Limited ( BSE )
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400 001, India
Tel.: +91-22-22721233, Fax: +91-22-22721919
ISIN for Equity Shares
INE860A01027
Listing Fees
Paid to all Stock Exchanges for the FY 2024-25
Registered Office
806, Siddharh
96, Nehru Place
New Delhi - 110 019, India
Tel.: +91-11-26436336
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent
(RTA)
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)
Unit - HCL Technologies Limited
C-101, Embassy 247
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West)
Mumbai - 400 083
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058
Corporate Identity Number: U67190MH1999PTC1 18368
Telephone: +91-8108116767
Fax: +91-22-49186060
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Website: htps://in.mpms.mufg.com/
Self-Service Poral for Investors

iDIA Chatbot to ask shareholders queries can be accessed at
htps://in.mpms.mufg.com/

SWAYAM a user-friendly web-based application, for shareholders services can
be accessed at htps://swayam.in.mpms.mufg.com

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
j)
Share Transfer System
In terms of Regulation 40(1) of Listing Regulations, transfer, transmission and
transposition of securities shall be effected in dematerialized form only. Furher,
SEBI vide its Circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated
January 25, 2022 mandated that the processing of service requests for issue of
duplicate shares cerificate, claim from unclaimed Suspense account, renewal/
exchange of securities, sub-division/spliting of share cerificates, consolidation
of securities/folios, transmission and transposition shall be in dematerialized form
only.
After processing the service request, a leter of confirmation ( LC ) will be issued
to the shareholders. The said LC shall be valid for a period of 120 days, within which
the shareholder would need to make a request to the Depository Paricipant for
dematerializing those shares. If the shareholder fails to submit the request within
120 days, then the Company shall credit those shares in the Suspense Escrow
Demat account of the Company. Shareholders can claim these shares transferred
to Suspense Escrow Demat account on submission of necessary documentation.
k)
Dematerialization of Shares and
Liquidity
The shares of the Company are under compulsory dematerialization ( Demat )
category and consequently, shares of the Company can be traded only in electronic
form.
As on March 31, 2025, about 99.98% of the equity shares issued by the Company
were held in dematerialized form.
Since the trading in the shares of the Company can be done only in electronic form,
IT is advisable that the shareholders who have the shares in physical form get their
shares dematerialized.
l)
Reconciliation of Share Capital
Audit Repor
As required under Regulation 76 of the SEBI (Depositories and Paricipants)
Regulations, 2018, the reconciliation of share capital audit repor on the total
admited capital with National Securities Depository Limited ( NSDL ) and Central
Depository Services (India) Limited ( CDSL ) and the total issued and listed capital
for each of the quarer in FY 2024-25 was carried out. The audit repors confirm
that the total issued/paid-up share capital is in agreement with the total number of
shares in physical form and the total number of shares held in dematerialized form
with NSDL and CDSL.
m)
Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/
Warrants or any Converible
Instruments, conversion date and
likely impact on equity
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/warrants or other instruments, which
are pending for conversion.
n)
Commodity price risk or foreign
exchange risk and hedging
activities
The Company does not deal in commodities and hence the disclosure pursuant
to SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 is not required to be given. For
details on foreign exchange risk and hedging activities, please refer to Management
Discussion and Analysis Repor which forms par of this Annual Repor.
o)
Centers Locations
The Company do not have any manufacturing plants but have development centers
and offices in India and overseas. All the global locations including India locations
are available on the website of the Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/global-
presence.

Corporate Governance Repor
p)
Address for Shareholders
correspondence
The Secretarial Deparment
2nd Floor, Corporate Towers
Plot No. 3A, Sector-126
Noida-201 304, U.P., India
Tel.: +91-120-4306000
E-mail ID: investors@hcltech.com
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)
Unit: HCL Technologies Limited
C-101, Embassy 247
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West)
Mumbai - 400 083
Telephone: +91-8108116767
Fax: +91-22-49186060
Toll Free: 1800-1020878
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Designated exclusive e-mail ID for investors servicing: investors@hcltech.com
q)
Credit Ratings
For Bank Limits
ICRA Limited has re-affirmed its long-term rating [ICRA] AAA (Stable) and
shor-term rating [ICRA] A1+ to the Company in respect of its bank limits
during the financial year under review.
For Senior Unsecured Notes

S&P Global Ratings ( S&P ) re-affirmed the A-/Stable/-- credit rating to
the Company, which is the Guarantor to the USD 252.207 million senior
unsecured notes ( Notes ) outstanding as on March 31, 2025 issued by
HCL America Inc., a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
incorporated under the laws of California, USA.

Fitch Ratings Limited ( Fitch ) re-affirmed the long-term rating of A- with
stable outlook to the Company. Fitch has also assigned long-term rating
of A- to the Notes issued by HCL America Inc.
r)
Shareholding as on March 31, 2025
Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2025
Number of Equity
Shares held
No. of Shareholders
Shareholders
(%)
No. of Shares
Shares
(%)
8,86,124
96.98%
3,75,20,437
1.38%
501-1,000
13,545
1.48%
99,70,209
0.37%
1,001-2,000
6,147
0.67%
89,09,027
0.33%
2,001-3,000
2,024
0.22%
50,09,052
0.18%
3,001-4,000
0.10%
32,86,911
0.12%
4,001-5,000
0.07%
27,85,987
0.10%
5,001-10,000
1,348
0.15%
97,56,993
0.36%
10,001 and above
2,949
0.32%
263,64,26,480
97.15%
Total
9,13,675
100.00%
271,36,65,096
100.00%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Categories of equity shareholders as on March 31, 2025
Category
No. of Shares
held
Voting strength
(%)
Promoters
1,65,03,01,111
60.81%
Foreign Porfolio Investors/Foreign Institutional Investors/Foreign Banks/
OCB
51,95,40,861
19.15%
Mutual Funds
22,67,20,333
8.35%
Alternate Investment Funds
44,36,846
0.16%
Financial Institutions/Banks/Insurance Companies/Provident or Pension
Funds/Sovereign Wealth Funds/NBFCs registered with RBI
18,89,26,291
6.97%
Non Institution (Resident Individual, HUF and Trust)
9,39,02,475
3.47%
Bodies Corporate (Domestic)
70,58,799
0.26%
NRIs/Foreign national
1,75,89,296
0.64%
Central Government/State Government(s)/President of India/Investor
Education and Protection Fund
4,26,265
0.01%
Clearing Members
8,716
0%
Employee Trust (HCL Technologies Stock Options Trust)
47,54,103
0.18%
Grand Total
271,36,65,096
100%
s)
Transfer of Unclaimed Dividend to the Investor Education and Protection Fund ( IEPF )
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Act, the dividend amounts which have remained unclaimed for a
period of seven years from the date of transfer to the unpaid dividend account have been transferred by the Company
to the IEPF established by the Central Government pursuant to Section 125 of the Act. Shareholders who have not
encashed their dividend warrants relating to the dividend specified in table below are requested to immediately send
their requests for issue of duplicate warrants. Once the unclaimed dividend is transferred to the IEPF, the same can
be claimed from the IEPF Authority after following the procedures prescribed in the IEPF Authority (Accounting, Audit,
Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016.
Year
Dividend Type
Date of Declaration
Dividend Amount/
per share (₹)
Last date for claiming
unpaid dividend from
the Company
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
May 11, 2017
July 27, 2017
October 25, 2017
January 19, 2018
6/-
2/-
June 10, 2024
August 26, 2024
November 24, 2024
February 18, 2025
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
May 2, 2018
July 27, 2018
October 23, 2018
January 29, 2019
2/-
June 1, 2025
August 26, 2025
November 22, 2025
February 28, 2026
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
Final
May 9, 2019
August 7, 2019
October 23, 2019
January 17, 2020
September 29, 2020
2/-
June 8, 2026
September 6, 2026
November 22, 2026
February 16, 2027
October 29, 2027
Interim
Interim
Interim
July 17, 2020
October 16, 2020
January 15, 2021
2/-
4/-
August 16, 2027
November 15, 2027
February 14, 2028

Corporate Governance Repor
Year
Dividend Type
Date of Declaration
Dividend Amount/
per share (₹)
Last date for claiming
unpaid dividend from
the Company
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
April 23, 2021
July 19, 2021
October 14, 2021
January 14, 2022
16/-
6/-
10/-
May 23, 2028
August 18, 2028
November 13, 2028
February 13, 2029
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
April 21, 2022
July 12, 2022
October 12, 2022
January 12, 2023
18/-
10/-
May 21, 2029
August 11, 2029
November 11, 2029
February 11, 2030
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
April 20, 2023
July 12, 2023
October 12, 2023
January 12, 2024
18/-
10/-
12/-
May 20, 2030
August 11, 2030
November 11, 2030
February 11, 2031
Interim
Interim
Interim
Interim
April 26, 2024
July 12, 2024
October 14, 2024
January 13, 2025
18/-
12/-
18/-
May 26, 2031
August 11, 2031
November 13, 2031
February 12, 2032
Interim
April 22, 2025
18/-
May 22, 2032
requirements of the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other
statutory authorities on all maters relating to capital
markets during the last three years. No penalties or
strictures have been imposed on the Company by the Stock
Exchanges, SEBI or any other statutory authorities relating
to the above during the last three years.
Other Disclosures
The Company has in place the Whistleblower
Policy which provides the Whistleblower, direct
access to the Chairperson of the Audit Commitee
in appropriate or exceptional cases. Furher, no
employee has been denied access to the Audit
During the financial year under review, the
Company did not raise any money through public
issue, right issues, preferential issue or qualified
institutional placement.
Maintenance of cost records and requirement
of cost audit as prescribed by the Central
Government under the provisions of the Section
148(1) of the Act are not applicable to the
business activities carried out by the Company.
Accordingly, such cost accounts and records are
not maintained by the Company.
In terms of the provisions of the Listing
Regulations, the Company has in place an
Archival Policy and a Policy for Determination
of Materiality of Events or Information . Both
the policies are available on the website of the
Company and the weblinks for the same have
been provided at the end of this Repor.
During the year under review, the Company
received intimation under Regulation 30A of
The Company sends regular reminders to the shareholders
to claim their dividends in order to avoid the transfer of
dividends/shares to the IEPF Authority. Notices in this
regard are also published in the newspapers and the details
of unclaimed dividends and shares (along with the name of
shareholders) liable to be transferred to the IEPF Authority,
are uploaded on the website of the Company and the
weblink for the same has been provided at the end of this
t)
Financial Calendar (tentative and subject to change)
Financial reporing for the first
quarer ending June 30, 2025
2nd/3rd Week of
July, 2025
Financial reporing for the
second quarer and half year
ending September 30, 2025
2nd/3rd Week of October,
Financial reporing for
the third quarer ending
December 31, 2025
2nd/3rd Week of January,
Financial reporing for the
fourh quarer and year
ending March 31, 2026
3rd/4th Week of
April, 2026
AGM for the year ending
March 31, 2026
July/August, 2026
32. Disclosures
A. Related Pary Transactions
During FY 2024-25, the Company has not entered into any
materially significant related pary transactions that may
have any potential conflict with the interest of the Company
at large.
B. Compliances by the Company
The Company has complied with the applicable

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
the Listing Regulations regarding the Gift Deeds
executed in respect of inter-se transfer of cerain
shareholding held by the promoters in the
Promoter/Promoter Group entities. The disclosure
made by the Company to the Stock Exchanges
in this regard is available on the website of the
Company and the weblink for the same has been
The Company has not given any loans and
advances to the firms/companies in which the
Directors are interested.
33. Compliance with Mandatory and Non-
Mandatory Requirements
The Listing Regulations provide cerain mandatory
requirements which have to be fulfilled by the Company.
The Company has complied with all the mandatory
requirements of the Listing Regulations. Furher, the
Company confirms compliance with corporate governance
requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and
clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) of the Listing
Regulations, as applicable.
The Listing Regulations furher state cerain non-mandatory
requirements which may be implemented as per the
discretion of the Company. The Company complies with the
following non-mandatory requirements:
Shareholders Rights
The clause states that half-yearly declaration of
financial perormance including summary of the
significant events in the last six months, may be sent
to each shareholder. The Company communicates
with investors regularly through e-mails, conference
calls, and face to face meetings either in investor s
conferences or on one-on-one basis.
The Company leverages the internet in communicating
with its investors. After the announcement of the
quarerly results, a business television channel
in India generally telecasts discussions with the
management. This enables a large number of retail
investors to understand the Company s operations and
perormance. The announcement of quarerly results
is followed by media briefing in press conferences
and earnings conference calls. The earnings calls are
also webcast live on the internet. Furher, transcripts
of the earnings calls are hosted on the website of
the Company and the weblink for the same has been
The quarerly financial results are also published in
English and Hindi daily newspapers.
Audit Qualifications
IT is always the Company s endeavor to present
unqualified financial statements. The Auditor s repor
on the financial statements of the Company for the
financial year ended March 31, 2025 is unqualified.
Separate posts of Chairperson and CEO
The positions of the Chairperson and the CEO are
held by separate individuals. Ms. Roshni Nadar
Malhotra, Non-Executive Director is the Chairperson
of the Company and Mr. C. Vijayakumar is the CEO &
Managing Director of the Company. The Chairperson
and the CEO are not related to each other.
Reporing of Internal Auditor
The internal auditor repors directly to the Audit
Commitee of the Company.
34. Subsidiary Companies and Policy on
Material Subsidiary
Subsidiary Company
The Audit Commitee of the Company reviews the
financial statements in paricular the inter-corporate
loans and investments made by or in the subsidiary
companies. The minutes of the Board meetings as
well as the statement of significant transactions and
arrangements entered into by the unlisted subsidiary
companies, if any, are placed before the Board of
Directors of the Company from time to time.
Policy on Material Subsidiary
The Company has formulated and adopted a Policy
for determining Material Subsidiary in line with the
requirements of the Listing Regulations. The Policy
aims to set out the principles for determining a material
subsidiary. The said policy is available on the website of
the Company and the web link for the same has been
Details of material subsidiary
During FY 2024-25, the following was the material
subsidiary of the Company as per the criteria given in
Regulation 16 (1) (c) of the Listing Regulations:
Name
of the
Date of
Incorpo-
ration
Place of
Incorpo-
ration
Statutory Auditor
Date of
Appoint-
ment of
Statutory
Auditor
HCL
America
November
7, 1988
United
States of
America
M/s. B S R & Co.
LLP (ICAI Number
101248W/W-
100022),
Charered
Accountants
June 28,
35. Cerificate from Practicing Company
Secretary on Non-Disqualification of
Directors
As required under Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V of the
Listing Regulations, cerificate dated April 22, 2025, obtained
from M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Practicing Company
Secretaries, (Firm Registration No.: P2009MH007000)
confirming that none of the Directors on the Board of the
Company have been debarred or disqualified from being
appointed or continuing as directors of companies by SEBI/
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority,
is enclosed as Annexure 1 to this Repor.

Corporate Governance Repor
36. Compliance Cerificate on the Corporate
Governance from the Auditors
The cerificate dated April 22, 2025 obtained from
M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, the Statutory Auditors of the
Company confirming compliance with the Corporate
Governance requirements as stipulated under Schedule
V read with Regulation 34(3) of the Listing Regulations, is
enclosed as Annexure 2 to this Repor.
37. CEO/CFO Cerification
The Cerificate by the CEO & Managing Director and the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company on the financial
statements for FY 2024-25 as stipulated in Regulation 17(8)
of the Listing Regulations read with Par B of Schedule II was
placed before the Board. The said Cerificate forms par of
this Repor.
38. Annual Secretarial Compliance Repor
As required under Regulation 24A of the Listing
Regulations, the Annual Secretarial Compliance Repor
dated April 22, 2025 issued by M/s. Makarand M. Joshi &
Co., Practicing Company Secretaries, (Firm Registration
No.: P2009MH007000) is available on the website of the
Company at htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/
secretarial-compliance-repor
39. Investor Relations - Enhancing Investor
Dialogue
As a listed entity and a responsible corporate citizen, the
Company recognizes the imperative need to maintain
continuous dialogue with the investor community. The
objective of Investor Relations is to keep investors abreast
of significant developments that determine Company s
overall perormance while at the same time addressing
investor concerns. This translates into disseminating timely,
accurate and relevant information that helps investors in
making informed investment decisions.
To ensure effective communication Conference Calls,
Management Interviews, Face to Face Investor Meetings are
conducted for a direct interaction of market paricipants
with the management team.
The management is commited to build investor relations
on the pillars of trust, consistency and transparency. Its
proactive approach has enabled the investor community to
beter understand the nature of the Company s business,
management strategies and operational perormance over a
period of time.
40.List of Weblinks referred in Directors Repor and Corporate Governance Repor
Pariculars
Website Link
Annual Return
htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/annual-return
Anti-Bribery and Anti-
Corruption Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/abacpdf
Archival Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/preservationofdocspolicypdf
Board Diversity Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/diversitypolicy
Code of Practices and
Procedures for fair
disclosure of Unpublished
Price Sensitive Information
( Fair Disclosure Code )
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/fair-disclosure-codepdf
Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/csrpolicypdf
Code of Business Ethics and
conduct
Details of unclaimed
dividends and shares liable
to be transferred to IEPF
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/iepf-details.
Dividend Distribution Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/ddppdf
Financial Results
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/results-repors

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Pariculars
Website Link
Financial Statements of
Subsidiaries
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/subsidiaries-financials
Familiarisation Programme
for Independent Directors
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/familarizationprogidpdf
Investors Section
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors
Leter of Appointment of
Independent Director
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/loaidspdf
Policy on Related Pary
Transactions
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/rptpolicypdf
Policy for determining
Material Subsidiary
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/materialsubsidiarypolicypdf
Policy for Determination
of Materiality of Events or
Information
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/policy-determining-materiality-events-or-information
Remuneration Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/rempolicypdf
Transcripts of Earnings Calls
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/results-repors
Whistleblower Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/whistleblowerpolicypdf
Disclosure under clause
5A of paragraph A of Par
A of Schedule III of Listing
Regulations
htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/disclosures-under-regulation-30-8.

Corporate Governance Repor
ANNEXURE - 1
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
The Members
806, Siddharh, 96, Nehru Place,
New Delhi-110019.
We have examined the relevant disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to HCL Technologies Limited
having CIN: L74140DL1991PLC046369 and having registered office 806, Siddharh 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi, India
(hereinafter referred to as the Company ) for the purpose of issuing this Cerificate, in accordance with Regulation 34 (3)
read with Schedule V Para C clause 10 (i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information, based on (i) Documents available on the website of the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs (MCA) (ii) Verification of Directors Identification Number (DIN) status on the website of the MCA, and (iii)
disclosures provided by the Directors to the Company, we hereby cerify that none of the Directors on the Board of the
Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of
the Companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other statutory
authority as on 31st March 2025.
Table A
Name of the Directors
DIN
Date of appointment in
1.
Bhavani Balasubramanian
09194973
12-01-2024
2.
Deepak Kapoor
00162957
26-07-2017
3.
Lee Fang Chew
02112309
25-04-2024
4.
Nishi Vasudeva
03016991
01-08-2016
5.
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
02346621
29-07-2013
6.
Shikhar Neelkamal Malhotra
00779720
22-10-2019
7.
Simon John England
08664595
16-01-2020
8.
Thomas Sieber
07311191
17-10-2015
9.
Vanitha Narayanan
06488655
19-07-2021
10.
Vijayakumar Chinnaswamy
09244485
20-07-2021
General Disclaimer: Our Analysis for this cerificate does not cover the verification of criteria peraining to appointment as
independent director under Section 149 and criteria peraining to appointment as Managing Director under Section 196 and
Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
Company Secretaries
Makarand Joshi
Parner
FCS No.: F5533
CP No.: 3662
ICSI UIN: P2009MH007000
Date: April 22, 2025
Peer Review Cer. No.: 6290/2024
Place: Mumbai
UDIN: F005533G000171567

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
ANNEXURE - 2
I. N D E P E N D E N T A U D I T O R S C E R T I F I C A T E O N C O M
P. L I A N C E W
I. T H T H E C O R P O R A T E
G. O V E R N A N C E R E Q U I R E M
E. N T S U N D E R S E B I
( L i s t i n g O b l i g a t i o n s a n d D i s c l o s u r e R e q u i r e m
e n t s ) R E G U L A T I O N S , 2 015 .
1.
This cerificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement leter dated 29 August, 2024.
2.
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by HCL Technologies Limited ( the
Company ), for the year ended 31 March 2025, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2)
and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time ( Listing Regulations ) pursuant to the Listing
Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.
Management s Responsibility
3.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility
of the Company s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents.
This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure
the compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
Auditors Responsibility
4.
Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the
compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. IT is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the
financial statements of the Company.
5.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, IT is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance
whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations
for the year ended 31 March 2025.
6.
We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with
the Guidance Note on Repors or Cerificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Cerification
of Corporate Governance, both issued by the Institute of the Charered Accountants of India (the ICAI ), in so far as
applicable for the purpose of this cerificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements
of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
7.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality
Control for Firms that Perorm Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related
Services Engagements.
Opinion
8.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we cerify that the
Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing
9.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restriction on use
10.
The cerificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the
Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or
for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose
or to any other person to whom this cerificate is shown or into whose hands IT may come without our prior consent in
writing.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Place: Gurugram
Membership No:092212
Date: 22 April 2025
UDIN: 25092212BMMJFK7335

Corporate Governance Repor
DECLARATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO REGULATION 34(3) AND
SCHEDULE V OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)
REGULATIONS, 2015
We, Roshni Nadar Malhotra, Chairperson and C. Vijayakumar, Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director of HCL
Technologies Limited ( the Company ) confirm that the Company has adopted a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
( Code of Conduct ) for its Board members and senior management personnel and the Code of Conduct is available on the
Company s website.
We, furher confirm that the Company has in respect of the financial year ended March 31, 2025, received from its Board
members as well as senior management personnel affirmation as to compliance with the Code of Conduct.

Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Chairperson
CEO & Managing Director
DIN - 02346621
DIN - 09244485
Place: Noida (U.P.), India
Date: April 22, 2025
CERTIFICATE BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO)
PURSUANT TO REGULATION 17(8) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
The Board of Directors
New Delhi
Dear members of the Board,
1.
We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement of the Company for the year ended March 31,
2025 and to the best of our knowledge and belief -
these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements
that might be misleading;
these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company s affairs and are in compliance with
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
2.
There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which
are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company s code of conduct.
3.
We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporing and that we have
evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company peraining to financial reporing. We have not
come across any reporable deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls.
4.
We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Commitee -
that there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporing during the year;
that there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the year; and
that there are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and that there is no involvement
of the management or employee having a significant role in the Company s internal control system over financial
reporing.
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Chairperson
CEO & Managing Director
DIN - 02346621
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Kumar Walia
Goutam Rungta
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Place: Noida (U.P.), India
Date: April 22, 2025

Business
Responsibility
and Sustainability
Reporing
46% reduction in Scope 1 and 2
emissions and 22% reduction in
Scope 3 emissions compared to
base year 2020
34.48%
renewable
energy across
global
All HCLTech owned
campuses in India received
TRUE Zero Waste to Landfill
Platinum Cerification
Rated 'Gold'
for our
advanced
Sustainability
perormance

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporing FY 2024-25
BRSR Statement of Director
We are pleased to share our Business Responsibility and Sustainability Repor ( BRSR ) for the fiscal year spanning April 1,
2024 to March 31, 2025 (FY25).
HCLTech has a rich history of innovation and growth. The company has been involved in various landmark projects,
including the establishment of India s first floorless, electronic stock exchange for NSE in 1993. Over the years, HCLTech has
expanded its software development and services capacities to global markets including US, Europe and APAC.
The company is commited to supercharging progress by bringing together its people and technology. IT has a strong focus
on next-gen technologies such as AI, Automation, IoT, Cybersecurity, Cloud, and Digital. HCLTech has also made significant
acquisitions, including iconic IBM software brands like BigFix and AppScan, helping its software unit achieve over $1 billion in
annual recurring revenue.
HCLTech is recognized for its commitment to people, communities, and the planet. The company has been ranked as a top
employer in seventeen countries and has impacted the lives of over 7 million people through HCLFoundation. HCLTech s
Beter Health Hackathon: #CodeForCovid19 was awarded the Guinness World Record for the largest healthcare technology
solution competition in 2021.
Sustainability Awards
HCLTech has received numerous awards and recognitions for its sustainability efforts. Some notable awards include:

Highest ranked India-headquarered company in TIME magazine s World s Best Companies 2024

Recognized among the World s Most Ethical Companies 2025 by Ethisphere, for second year in a row

HCLTech received a Gold cerificate (2024) from EcoVadis

HCLTech is in the leadership segment with AA rating from MSCI

HCLTech named one of the best-perorming ESG companies in our industry and region by Sustainalytics

Included in S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024, for the third year in a row
Governance
HCLTech is commited to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. The company s governance policies
are regularly reviewed and cover Board Diversity, Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, Corporate Social Responsibility, Fair
Disclosure, Whistleblower policy, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption, Environmental Sustainability and Occupational Health
and Safety.
The Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) commitee of the board met on four occasions during FY25 to review
and evaluate the perormance on material aspects against our objectives.
Environmental Achievements
HCLTech has made significant strides in environmental sustainability. Key achievements include:

Our energy consumption has decreased by 29% compared to base year FY 2019-20, with a notable 46% reduction in
non-renewable energy usage

Achieved a 46% reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions compared to base year FY 2019-20

Achieved a 22% reduction in scope 3 emissions compared to base year FY 2019-20

Achieved a 34.38% of renewable energy across global operations

The Company has impacted over 7.5 million lives with 54% female beneficiaries through its CSR arm, HCLFoundation,
and helped over 15,000 persons with disability

Planted over 3.2 million saplings, developed 358 water structures, rejuvenated 265 water bodies

100% TRUE Zero Waste to Landfill Platinum cerification for all campuses in India
These achievements have been made possible by continued focused execution from teams across the organization and the
guidance and sponsorship from HCL Tech s leadership. They underscore HCLTech s unwavering commitment to fostering a
sustainable future. Through innovative approaches and dedicated effors, the company not only mitigates its environmental
impact but also enhances the well-being of communities globally. HCLTech s proactive stance on sustainability serves as an
inspiring model for others to follow.
Thank you for your continued suppor to our vision and the execution of our ESG strategy and I welcome your feedback on
this BRSR.
Simon John England
Chairperson - ESG & DEI Commitee

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Section A : General Disclosures
Details of the listed entity:
S. No. Pariculars
Details
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity
L74140DL1991PLC046369
Name of the Listed Entity
Year of Incorporation
Registered office address
806, Siddharh, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019,
India
Corporate address
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone, Plot No. 3A,
Sector 126, Noida - 201304, U.P., India
E-mail
investors@hcltech.com
Telephone
+91-120-4306000
Website
www.hcltech.com
Financial year for which reporing is being done
1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025
Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed National Stock Exchange of India Limited ( NSE );
BSE Limited ( BSE )
Paid-up Capital
The paid-up equity shares capital of HCL Technologies
Limited as on March 31, 2025, is ₹542,73,30,192 /-
comprising 271,36,65,096 equity shares of face value of
₹2/- each
Name and contact details (telephone, email address)
of the person who may be contacted in case of any
queries on the BRSR repor
Mr. Vipul Arora
Global Head - Sustainability
sustainability@hcltech.com
+91-120-4306000
Reporing boundary - Are the disclosures under this
repor made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the
entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and
all the entities which form a par of its consolidated
financial statements, taken together)
Disclosures made in this repor are on a consolidated
basis unless otherwise stated
Name of assurance provider
DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited ( DNV )
Type of assurance obtained
Reasonable Assurance for Core Indicators and Limited
Assurance on selected other indicators.
Products/Services
16.
Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
Description of Main Activity
Description of
Business Activity
% of Turnover of
the entity
Information and Communication (Revenue from operations)
Computer
programming,
consultancy, and
related activities
100%
17.
Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity s turnover):
Product/Service
NIC Code
% of total Turnover
contributed
IT & Business Services ( ITBS ) - The ITBS business segment improves
consumer and employee experiences by empowering multinational
corporations to conduct business transformation in an agile and sustainable
way. IT makes up the largest component of HCLTech s total revenue mix
consisting of 4 segments: Digital Business Services, Digital Foundation
Services, Digital Process Operations and EdTech Business Services
73.84%
Engineering and R&D Services ( ERS ) - Engineering services and solutions
in all aspects of product development and platform engineering
16.20%
HCLSoftware - Provisions of modernized software products to global
clients for their technology and industry-specific requirements
9.96%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
III. Operations
18.
Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Locations
Number of plants
Number of offices
Total
National
Not Applicable
International
Not Applicable
Note: HCLTech does not produce any physical products or owns/operates any manufacturing facilities/plants.
Therefore, disclosure regarding number of plants is not applicable to the company.
19.
Markets served by the entity:
Number of locations
Locations
Number
National (No. of States)
International (No. of Countries)
What is the contribution of expors as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
92.7%
(Note: This is for HCL Technologies Limited - Standalone Entity)
A brief on types of customers
HCLTech is commited to supercharging progress, delivering pioneering services and products that positively
impact its clients, employees, communities and the planet. HCLTech seeks to be the preferred digital and AI
parner for Global 2000 companies as well as equivalent and emerging enterprises. In addition, HCLTech has a
strategic objective aligned to the long-term value of building deep, strategic client relationships as a trusted
parner. We focus on G2000, G2000 equivalent companies such as privately held or government-owned entities
and emerging companies, which are the fastest-growing digital-native companies that are on a rapid growth
track toward achieving G2000 status. HCLSoftware has a client universe that is broader and consistent with the
business objectives of a software business. The key industry vericals that HCLTech caters primarily to are Financial
Services, Manufacturing, Lifesciences & Healthcare, Technology & Services, Public Services#, Retail & CPG, and
Telecommunications, Media, Publishing & Enterainment.
# Public Services include Energy & Utilities, Travel-Transpor-Logistics and Government
IV. Employees
20. Details as of March 31, 2025
Employees and workers (including differently abled):
Pariculars
Total (A)
Male
Female
Others
No (B)
% (B/A)
No (C)
% (C/A)
No (D)
% (D/A)
Employees
Permanent (E)
223,420
158,943
71.14%
64,364
28.81%
0.05%
Other than Permanent (F)
11,076
8,131
73.41%
2,853
25.76%
0.83%
Total employees (E+F)
234,496
167,074
71.25%
67,217
28.66%
0.09%
Workers
Permanent (G)
Not Applicable
Other than Permanent (H)
Total workers (G+H)
Note

Disclosing gender is voluntary for HCLTech employees. The employees who have not disclosed their gender
are categorized as others .

The entire personnel of HCLTech are categorized as Employees and not as Workers . Therefore, the

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Differently abled employees and workers
Pariculars
Total (A)
Male
Female
Others
No (B)
% (B/A)
No (C)
% (C/A)
No (D)
% (D/A)
Employees
Permanent (E)
78.18%
21.61%
0.21%
Other than Permanent (F)
78.95%
21.05%
0.00%
Total employees (E+F)
78.21%
21.59%
0.20%
Workers
Permanent (G)
Not Applicable
Other than Permanent (H)
Total workers (G+H)
Note

Disclosing gender is voluntary for HCLTech employees. The employees who have not disclosed their gender
are categorized as others .

The entire personnel of HCLTech are categorized as Employees and not as Workers . Therefore, the
21.
Paricipation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Pariculars
Total (A)
No. & Percentage of Females
No (B)
% (B/A)
Board of Directors
50.00%
Key Management Personnel (KMP)
0.00%
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
FY 2022-23
Male
Female Others
Total
Male
Female Others
Total
Male
Female Others
Total
Permanent
Employees
13.06%
12.81%
5.66%
12.99%
12.32%
12.72%
7.71%
12.42%
19.83%
18.60%
15.67%
19.50%
Permanent
Workers
Not Applicable
Note

Atrition data provided by HCLTech is voluntary atrition % (LTM-IT Services).

V. Holding, Subsidiary, and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures (As on March 31, 2025)
Details of holding, subsidiary and associate companies (including JVs) are provided in the Directors repor, which forms
a par of the Annual Repor. All entities indicated paricipate in the preparation of BRSR repor for the listed entity.
(A)
Indicate whether
Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
the Business Responsibility
(Yes/No)
Actian Australia Pty Limited
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
(A)
Indicate whether
Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
the Business Responsibility
(Yes/No)
Actian France SAS
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Actian Germany GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Anzopan Investments Pty Limited
Subsidiary
70%
Yes
ASAP Electronics GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Engineering GmbH,
Friedrichshafen
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Gaimersheim
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Russelsheim
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Engineering GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Weyhausen
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Holding GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
ASAP Quality Consulting GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Butler America Aerospace LLC
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
C3i Europe Eood
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
C3i Japan GK
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
C3i Services &Technologies (Dalian) Co.,
Ltd
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
CeleritiFintech Limited
Subsidiary
51%
Yes
CeleritiFintech Services Limited
Associate
49%
Yes
Confinale (Deutschland) GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Dicturus
Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Vermietungs KG
Subsidiary
94%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
FIDUS Personal GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Filial Espanola De HCL Technologies S.L
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Geometric Europe GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
H. C L Technologies Lanka (Private)
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia da Informacao
LTDA
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL (Ireland) Information Systems
Subsidiary
100%
Yes

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
(A)
Indicate whether
Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
the Business Responsibility
(Yes/No)
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Arabia LLC
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Argentina S.A
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Axon Solutions (Shanghai) Co.
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Guatemala, Sociedad Anonima
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Istanbul Bı̇lı̇sı̇m Teknolojı̇lerı̇ Limited
Sirketi
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Japan Lı̇mı̇ted
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Latin America Holding LLC
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Lending Solutions, LLC
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Muscat Technology LLC
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Poland Sp. z o.o
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies (Proprietary) Ltd
Associate
48%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Angola (SU), LDA
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Austria GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Azerbaijan Limited
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Bahrain W.L.L
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Belgium BV
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Bulgaria EOOD
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Chile SPA
Subsidiary
100%
Yes

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
(A)
Indicate whether
Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
the Business Responsibility
(Yes/No)
HCL Technologies Columbia S.A.S
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Corporate Services
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Costa Rica Sociedad
De Responsabilidad Limitada
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Denmark Aps
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Estonia OÜ
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Finland Oy
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies France SAS
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies gbs GmbH
Subsidiary
51%
Yes
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Greece Single
Member P.C
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Italy S.P.A
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Lithuania UAB
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Luxembourg S.a.r.l
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Mexico
S.De.R.L.De.C.V
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Middle East FZ-LLC
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Norway AS
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Solutions GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies South Africa
(Proprietary) Limited
Associate
36%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Sweden AB
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Switzerland AG
(Formerly "Confinale AG")
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Trinidad and Tobago
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Vietnam Company
Subsidiary
100%
Yes

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
(A)
Indicate whether
Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
the Business Responsibility
(Yes/No)
HCL Training & Staffing Services Private
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Phoenix IT & T Consulting Pty Ltd
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Versant GmbH
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Zeenea SAS
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
Zeenea Benelux
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCL Technologies Sdn Bhd
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
HCLTech Public Sector Solutions Inc.
Subsidiary
100%
Yes
VI. CSR Details
24.
Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013: Yes
Turnover (in Rs.): 51,105 crores (as per standalone financial statements)
Net worh (in Rs.): 34,940 crores (as per standalone financial statements)
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25.
Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct (NGRBC)
Stakeholder
group from
whom
complaint is
Grievance Redressal Mechanism in
Place (Yes/No), If yes, then provide
weblink for grievance redressal policy
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number of
Number of
Remarks
Number of
Number of
Remarks
Communities Yes
corporate/corporate-social-
responsibility-policy
Nil
Nil
Investors
(other than
shareholders)
Yes
htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-
relations/investor-faq
Nil
Nil
Shareholders Yes
htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-
relations/investor-faq
Nil
Nil

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Stakeholder
group from
whom
complaint is
Grievance Redressal Mechanism in
Place (Yes/No), If yes, then provide
weblink for grievance redressal policy
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number of
Number of
Remarks
Number of
Number of
Remarks
Employees
and workers
Yes
corporate/grievance-redressal-
protocol
corporate/human-rights-policy
corporate/whistleblower-policy
Nil
Nil
Customers
Yes
corporate/whistleblower-policy
Nil
Nil
Value Chain
Parners
Yes
corporate/supplier-code-conduct
Nil
Nil
Other (please
specify)-
Includes
anonymous
Yes
corporate/grievance-redressal-
protocol
Nil
Nil
26. Overview of the entity s material responsible business conduct issues
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Climate
change
Risk and
Climate change poses both
a physical and a transition
risk to HCLTech s business
operations. Physical risks
include extreme weather
events like droughts, floods,
cyclones, wildfires and
heat stress. Transition risks
include changes in policy
and regulatory context
leading to increased carbon
prices, taxes and cost of
doing business. IT also
includes business continuity
risks. The opporunity to
be climate resilient and
climate positive includes
developing climate resilient
processes, operations, value
chain, products, services
and solutions that not only
suppor our journey but
also that of our clients and
parners.
As a par of our net- zero
strategy, HCLTech is
commited to limiting
greenhouse gas emissions
aligned to the 1.5oC pathway
by 2030 and to achieving
net zero by 2040. A clear
roadmap is planned towards
this commitment. We are
making steady progress on
this roadmap. HCLTech is
also developing products,
services and solutions that
help clients and parners
meet their commitments
on climate change.
HCLTech has continued
its journey to identify and
execute projects to work
with communities to move
towards a climate resilient
future.
The financial
implications of climate
change risk are
disruption to business
operations and
increased cost of doing
The financial
opporunity of being
climate resilient and
climate positive is
enhanced business
continuity, robust
operations, cost saving
and increased business
revenues.
Details are covered in
the TCFD disclosures.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Eco efficiency Risk and
Eco efficiency is an
opporunity for HCLTech
to improve its operational
efficiency on its ecological
perormance related to
energy, waste, water and
other resources.
HCLTech has implemented
various energy efficiency
initiatives to reduce energy
consumption, water
consumption and waste
minimization. HCLTech
has defined monitoring
and governance systems
covering all eco efficiency
parameters. These are
reviewed at regular
intervals and budgets are
allocated for perormance
improvement.
Lower perormance on
eco efficiency carries
the risk of increased
costs of doing business.
Improvement in
eco efficiency directly
leads to cost savings
and resilient business
Human
Capital
Risk and
HCLTech defines human
capital as skills, knowledge
and experience possessed
by an employee or a team,
that can be valuable to the
organization. We require
constant upskilling and
reskilling of our employees
to ensure we deliver top
services to our clients in
a rapidly evolving digital
technology space. Human
capital is an imporant risk as
well as opporunity for us.
HCLTech has a clear
institutional mechanism
to map future skillset
requirements and has
programs for upskilling and
reskilling employees. There
are measurements used
to gauge the perormance
of the initiative, which are
reviewed periodically.
The financial
implication of the risk
is potential loss of
business opporunity
if adequate and
appropriate human
capital is not available.
Readiness on human
capital creates
opporunities to cater
to client and business
needs leading to
revenue growth.
Local hiring
Opporunity
Hiring local talent in places
where we do business
is an imporant risk and
opporunity for us.
Hiring locally is not just
the right thing to do, but
an effective strategy to
improve talent retention.
IT also conveys our
commitment to the
community that we are
invested in that location.
Across the globe, in
the countries where we
operate, we are investing in
local talent. As a strategy
HCLTech has expanded its
offices to smaller cities (New
Vistas) and provided a hybrid
workspace to furher enable
people prospects.
Improved talent
retention and beter
relations with the
community and clients
lead to steady long
term revenue growth
and ability to deliver on
that growth.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Diversity and
inclusion
(D&I)
Risk and
Opporunity
To maintain our innovative
culture, we recognize the
imporance of diversity
in thought, ideas and
perspectives. There is ample
evidence to highlight that
having diverse perspectives
in a team creates beter
work outcomes in addition
to beter team coherence
and has a positive impact on
creativity, problem solving
and overall organizational
success.
HCLTech has clear policies,
processes and governance
structures to monitor the
perormance of our D&I
strategy. We have an ESG
and DEI Commitee set
up in our Board to ensure
a strategic focus. Goals
and targets are identified
and integrated into the
perormance evaluation of
leaders. A separate team
works on various initiatives
to furher our commitment.
Absence of D&I
robustness may lead
to narrow perspectives
that may impact quality
and output of work.
Robust presence of
D&I may potentially
lead to comprehensive
solutions driving beter
business outcomes in
addition to inclusive
workplace. Inclusive
workplace may drive
beter productivity,
innovation and
retention of talent.
Talent
atraction
and retention
Risk and
Opporunity
Meeting the increasing
demand for new talent
poses a significant risk and a
unique opporunity.
The increasing shifts globally
towards the adoption
of digital solutions and
increasing range and
diversity of technology
solutions have put the
focus on striving the right
balance between demand
and supply of appropriate
skillsets. We view IT as an
opporunity to align our work
culture with global trends,
thereby enhancing employee
retention while also
increasing their efficiency.
HCLTech s strategy is
to focus on building the
workplace of tomorrow - one
which promotes equality of
opporunity, a collaborative
and transparent culture and
deploys a robust training
strategy designed to meet
the development needs
of employees at all levels.
The company provides
employees with progressive
career paths through
internal opporunities.
Failing to effectively
atract and retain
talented individuals
can result in missed
opporunities for
growth and innovation,
leading to decreased
productivity and
competitiveness.
Additionally, the
costs associated with
recruiting, onboarding
and training new
employees are
significant.
On the other hand,
successfully atracting
and retaining the right
talent leads to direct
perormance gains and
ability to cater to new
growth opporunities
leading to beter
revenues.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Work
environment
Risk and
HCLTech identifies work
environment as a material
topic considering both the
emotional and physical
aspects of our employees.
Good workspaces, wellness
spaces, creches, gyms, etc.,
are integral pars of our
offices. IT is also imporant to
create an environment that
is safe where employees
have the confidence and
trust to repor on any
kind of discrimination or
harassment.
We ensure that our offices
are designed and planned
to ensure the comfor of our
employees.
We have clear policies
and processes to prevent
any discrimination
and harassment in our
workplaces. These are
communicated regularly and
employees are encouraged
to repor on any incidents.
We have tracking
mechanisms to ensure
we take preventive steps.
Independent investigation
of incidents is also ensured.
The comfor and trust
of the employees in a
good work environment
results in dedicated
employees. Hence
the financial impact
is a result of healthy
and safe employees
perorming to their full
potential. A workplace
incident can result in a
loss of reputation to the
organization and this
can result in potential
loss of opporunities.
Citizenship
Opporunity
Corporate citizenship is
not just an opporunity
for HCLTech but rather
IT is the backbone of
the organization. IT is
our responsibility to the
community in which we
operate.
HCLFoundation in India and
the various employee councils
around the world highlight our
focus. Apar from the positive
impact on the community
members/program
paricipants, our initiatives
demonstrate our commitment
to the communities in which
we operate.
Outcomes resulting
from improved trust
and credibility in the
community can bring
potential financial
opporunities for
HCLTech.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Sustainable
impact on
clients
Opporunity
As technology solutions are
deployed at greater scale
and complexity to solve
major problems around the
world, their sustainable and
responsible use becomes
critical to limit their footprint
and to avoid unintended
consequences.
As a leader in IT services,
HCLTech is uniquely
positioned to assist its
clients to innovate through
advanced technology and
digitalization while being
responsible in its usage.
HCLTech already works
with clients on several
sustainable solutions.
Therefore, we created a
dedicated team which works
with various sector heads
to identify opporunities
related to sustainability
and create appropriate
sustainability related
solutions for our clients.
The direct financial
impact will emerge
from the creation of
new opporunities with
clients. Indirect benefits
include the creation
of environmental and
social capital.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Cyber
security, data
protection
Risk and
Greater adoption of
technology globally has led
to increased incidents of
cyberatacks and frauds. This
has led to a greater focus
on the need to build robust,
secure and sophisticated
solutions that are secure,
safe and robust. Data privacy
and security are critical
features.
HCLTech ensures a globally
interconnected oversight
framework involving
governance, policies,
procedures, training and
awareness programs, global
privacy impact assessments,
privacy by design, data
mapping, third pary
contractual oversight,
incident management and a
mechanism for monitoring
regulatory compliance for
every geography.
Our Crisis & Resilience
program highlights our
focus on integrating
resilience as an intrinsic par
of our business operating
model and seeks to embed
resilience by design
across the dimensions of
work, personnel, workplace,
business operations,
technology, supply chain
and leadership.
Our Information and
cybersecurity program
ensures a strong security
posture for HCLTech and
our clients. Our security
posture has been validated
by independent, industry
recognized cerifications
and atestation standards,
including quarerly oversight
by the Board. We also have
cyber insurance that covers
different types of breaches
and cyber events.
Any incident has a
direct impact on that
specific project with the
client or on HCLTech
as an organization.
IT may lead to
regulatory implications,
reputational challenges
and financial
implications.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
11.
Sustainable
Procurement
Risk and
Opporunity
For sustainability to be
effective at derisking the
organization, IT needs to
be deployed beyond our
internal operations to cover
our supply chain. A supply
chain that is at odds with
our sustainability goals and
priorities is a risk to our
achievement of our goals.
Through responsible
sourcing, collaboration with
upstream and downstream
parners and improving
supply chain governance,
HCLTech has integrated
sustainability into its
procurement process.
Both the Supplier Code of
Conduct and Procurement
Policy has integrated
sustainability requirements.
ESG has been incorporated
as a risk domain in the
Vendor onboarding process
for new vendors.
HCLTech has also
conducted risk evaluation
of the supply chain based
on ESG guidelines and
identified categories and
vendors who will be audited.
The audit requirements are
integrated into the Vendor
Risk Management program
(R&C).
Non adherence to
ESG guidelines in
the supply chain can
lead to associated
reputation damage and
thwar progress on our
sustainability goals.
Integration of
our sustainability
goals in our supply
chain increases our
effectiveness in
meeting these goals
and leads to greater
positive impact.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
Governance
Risk and
The regulations around
governance are significant
and increasingly
becoming more stringent
around requirements on
accountability, transparency
and fairness.
HCLTech has stipulated
policies, processes and
systems to ensure ethical
conduct and strong
governance. Governance
and Ethics are the
foundations of the HCLTech
culture. We structure our
governance to permeate
ethical conduct throughout
the organization. Our strong
governance and ethical
culture ensure our viability
over the long term.
The Code of Business Ethics
and Conduct (COBEC) is
our principal document that
outlines the way HCLTech
employees should conduct
The whistle blower policy
and various other reporing
channels help to identify
any challenges that need
to be corrected. The Board
reviews this periodically
through the Audit
We are focused on
both current and future
regulations to ensure we
are fully prepared for any
Non compliance
with corporate
governance regulations
can have several
financial implications
and reputational
consequences.
Regulatory actions
taken against the
company can lead
to penalties, fines
and legal expenses,
negatively impacting its
financial perormance.
Moreover, there is a
risk associated with
incidents that may
not be regulatory in
nature but still raise
questions about the
ethical conduct of the

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Section B : Management and Process Disclosures
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies, and processes put in place towards
adopting the NGRBC principles and core elements.
Disclosure Qusestions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
1. a. Whether your entity s
policy/policies cover
each principle and its
core elements of the
NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
1. b. Has the policy been
approved by the
Board? (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Principle 1
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/anti-bribery-and-anti-corruption-policy-abac
Whistleblower Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/whistleblower-policy
HCLTech Group Tax Strategy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/hcltech-group-tax-strategy-global
Principle 2
Supplier Code of Conduct
Procurement Policy
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Environmental Sustainability Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/environmental-sustainability-policy
Occupational Health & Safety Policy

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Disclosure Qusestions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Principle 3
Supplier Code of Conduct
Procurement Policy
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Occupational Health & Safety Policy
Remuneration Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/remuneration-policy
HCLTech Group Tax Strategy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/hcltech-group-tax-strategy-global
Human Rights Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/human-rights-policy
Principle 4
Dividend Distribution Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/dividend-distribution-policy
Policy for determination of materiality of event or information:
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/policy-determination-materiality-event-or-information
Related Pary Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/related-pary-transaction-policy
Fair Disclosure Code
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/fair-disclosure-code
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Whistleblower Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/whistleblower-policy
Principle 5
Human Rights Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/human-rights-policy
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Disclosure Qusestions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Principle 6
Environmental and Sustainability Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/environmental-sustainability-policy
Energy Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/energy-policy
Occupational Health & Safety Policy
Procurement Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Water Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/water-policy
Principle 7
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/anti-bribery-and-anti-corruption-policy-abac
Principle 8
CSR Policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/corporate-social-responsibility-policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Principle 9
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/cobecpdf
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption policy
htps://www.hcltech.com/investors/governance-policies/abacpdf
Privacy Statement
htps://www.hcltech.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Trust Center
htps://www.hcltech.com/privacy-trust-center
htps://www.hcltech.com/hcl-vendor-privacy-and-information-security-requirements
2.
Whether the entity has
translated the policy
into procedures. (Yes/
No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
3.
Do the enlisted policies
extend to your value
chain partners? (Yes/
No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Disclosure Qusestions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
4.
Name of the national
and international
codes/certifications/
labels/ standards (e.g.
Forest Stewardship
Council, Fairtrade,
Rainforest Alliance,
Trustea) standards
(e.g. SA 8000,
OHSAS, ISO, BIS)
adopted by your entity
and mapped to each
principle
Principle 1
ISO 37001:2016 - ABMS
World s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere
Principle 2
ISO 14001:2015
ISO 50001:2018
ISO 9001:2015
Principle 3
ISO 37001:2016 - ABMS
ISO 45001:2018
ISO 14001:2015
ISO 14064-1:2018 and 14064-3:2019
ISO 50001:2018
ISO 9001:2015
LEED Cerification
Principle 4
ISO 9001:2015
Principle 5
Signatory to UNGC
Founding Member-WEF s Global Parity Alliance on DE&I
Cerified as a Global Top Employer
Principle 6
ISO 45001:2018
ISO 14001:2015
ISO 50001:2018
ISO 9001:2015
LEED Cerification
ISO 14064-1:2018 and 14064-3:2019
TRUE Zero Waste Cerification in all HCLTech owned campuses in India
Principle 7
Signatory to UNGC
ISO 37001:2016 - ABMS
Principle 8
Signatory to UNGC
Principle 9
ISO 27001:2013

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Disclosure Qusestions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
5.
Specific commitments,
goals, and targets
set by the entity with
defined timelines, if
any.
HCLTech has established ESG goals across three pillars: Planet, People, and Governance.
Planet

Achieve net zero by 2040

Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50% by 2030 from the baseline year FY 2019-

Transition of 80% of electricity usage to renewable energy by 2030

Reduce absolute Scope 3 emissions by 42% by 2030 from the baseline year FY 2019-20

Achieve zero waste to landfill at all owned facilities by 2025
People

Improve the sustainability knowledge and skills of our employees

Improve gender diversity in the personnel with 40% Women by 2030

Increase gender representation in senior leadership levels to 30% by 2030

Be recognized among the best employers in our key operating geographies
Governance

Strengthening sustainable supply chain process

Integrate ESG with risk management and internal audit processes.

Establish ourselves as a recognized leader in information security practices and data
privacy standards.
Note: All D&I goals and practices are customized to comply with local laws.
6.
Performance of the
entity against specific
commitments, goals,
and targets along-with
reasons in case the
same are not met.
HCLTech has made significant progress toward its ESG targets, with notable achievements
including:

Increase in renewable energy use to 34.38% of total energy use

29% reduction in total energy consumption compared to base year FY 2019-20

46% reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions compared to base year FY 2019-20

22% reduction in scope 3 emissions compared to base year FY 2019-20

All HCLTech owned campuses in India received TRUE Zero Waste Platinum Cerification

Women representation across all levels at 28.8%

Recognized as one of the 2025 World s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, two years
in a row

Newly onboarded eligible suppliers screened based on ESG criteria under Vendor
Onboarding Assessment (VOA)

Capacity building of Suppliers by developing a learning platform on ESG

HCLTech positioned as a Leader in Everest Group s Sustainable IT Services PEAK Matrix
Assessment 2025

HCLTech positioned as a Leader in Everest Group s Sustainable Engineering Services PEAK
Matrix Assessment 2025

HCLTech won the SAP Pinnacle Award in the Social Impact category for HCLTech s
AquaSphere solution that helps enterprises achieve their water conservation goals

HCLTech was included in S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook for the third year in a row
HCLTech positioned as a Leader in ISG Provider Lens :

Sustainability and ESG - Data Platforms and Managed Services, IT Solutions and
Services, OT and Industry-specific Solutions and Services, Strategy and Enablement
Services - U.S. 2024

Sustainability and ESG - Data Platforms and Managed Services, IT Solutions and
Services, OT and Industry-specific Solutions and Services, Strategy and Enablement
Services - Australia 2024

Sustainability and ESG - Data Platforms and Managed Services, IT Solutions and
Services, OT and Industry-specific Solutions and Services, Strategy and Enablement
Services - Europe 2024

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Disclosure Qusestions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Governance, leadership and oversight
HCLTech is proud to share its fourh Business Responsibility and Sustainability Repor (BRSR)
for the financial year April 1, 2024, to March 31, 2025. To ensure accuracy, we have appointed
DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited to review the BRSR core indicators and provide
limited assurance on other details. Their assurance statement is included in the annual repor.
HCLTech is embedding sustainability into its business and Client operations, driving
transformation towards more sustainable practices and creating a positive impact on the
planet.
This year, HCLTech is conducting a double materiality assessment with an objective to identify
its key Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) issues relevant to business operations at the
enterprise level.
Also, this year HCLTech has expanded the geographical coverage of its Climate Risk
Assessment beyond India and USA to additionally cover Europe, Sri Lanka, and Australia
demonstrating our commitment to sustainability.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporing (BRSR) remains one of the key aspects of
stakeholder engagement through which HCLTech demonstrates its progress in sustainability.
The company s advancements in sustainability have been recognized by various rating
agencies, including:

S&P

MSCI

EcoVadis

Sustainalytics
HCLTech is an honoree of Ethisphere s 2025 World s most Ethical companies for the second
year in a row.
7.
Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets and
achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)
The Statement is available at the beginning of the BRSR section.
8.
Details of the highest
authority responsible
for implementation
and oversight
of the Business
Responsibility policies.
The highest executive authority responsible for the implementation and oversight of the Business
Responsibility policies is the CEO & Managing Director - Mr. C. Vijayakumar.
9.
Does the entity have
a specified Committee
of the Board/ Director
responsible for
decision making on
sustainability related
issues? (Yes/No). If
yes, provide details.
Yes, the Company has an ESG & DEI Commitee on the Board. The members of the ESG & DEI
Commitee are

Mr. Simon John England (DIN 08664595)
Independent Director
Chairperson of the Commitee

Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra (DIN 02346621)
Non-Independent Director
Chairperson of HCL Technologies Limited

Ms Bhavani Balasubramanian (DIN 09194973)
Independent Director

Mr. C. Vijayakumar (DIN 09244485)
CEO & Managing Director, is an invitee to this Commitee.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
10.
Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review
Indicate whether review was
underaken by Director/Commitee
of the Board/Any other Commitee
Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/
Quarerly/Any other - please
P1
P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1
P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
10.1 Perormance against above policies
and follow-up action
Commitee of the Board
Quarerly
10.2 Compliance with statutory
requirements of relevance to the
principles, and, rectification of any
non-compliances
Commitee of the Board
Quarerly
11.
Has the entity carried out
independent assessment/ evaluation
of the working of its policies by an
external agency? (Yes/No). If yes,
provide the name of the agency.
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Yes

Reasonable Assurance of BRSR (core indicators) and Limited
Assurance of BRSR (non-core and Sustainability Repor: DNV)

External ISO 37001-2016 cerification annual audit by BSI

Gap Assessment SA 8000: Bureau Veritas

Global Top Employer Assessment: Top Employers Institute

External ISO 14001 annual audit by BSI Management Systems

External ISO 45001 annual audit by BSI Management Systems

External ISO 22301 annual audit by Bureau Veritas

External SOC 2 atestation by Grant Thornton

Cyber Essential Plus by Sophlee Limited

Impact assessment of CSR projects: Independent third paries

All HCLTech campuses LEED Platinum cerified by USGBC or IGBC
In addition, our policies undergo regular evaluation. For instance,
HCLTech s Business Gift and Enterainment Policy ( BGEP ) and Anti-
Money Laundering Policy ( AML ) were reviewed by DLA Piper to be in
line with current industry standards.
12.
If answer to question (1) above is No i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Not Applicable

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Section C : Principle Wise Perormance Disclosures
Principle - 1 Business should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner
that is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.
Essential Indicators
1.
Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:
Segment
Total
number of
training and
awareness
programmes
held
Topics/principles covered under the training and its impact
%age of
persons in
category
covered by
the awareness
programmes
Board of Directors

The Current State of Business Ethics

The Changing Stakeholder Landscape and Corresponding
Pressures and Expectations

The Impact of an Ethical Culture on Current and Future
Employees

How the Best Companies are Responding to these
Pressures
100%
Key Managerial
Personnel

Inspiring Ethical Employee Behavior

Making Ethical Decisions

Cash, Gifts and Enterainment Risks

Building a Speak-Up Culture

Responding to Employee Concerns

Nururing Respect and D&I

Managing Employees Remotely

Speaking Up
100%
Employees other
than BoD and KMPs

Information Security

COBEC

Expor Compliance

Dimensions of Data Privacy

Prevention of Workplace Harassment/ E-Secure Module
98.77%
Workers
Not Applicable
Note

Inorganic headcount was not considered in the reporing boundary for the above disclosure for Employees other
than BoD and KMPs .

The above trainings are mandatory for all employees upon joining and must be completed on an annual basis. As
the data is specific to the financial year 2024-25, the percentages provided do not account for employees whose
training completion is due after March 31, 2025.
2.
Details of fines/penalties/punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ setlement amount paid in proceedings (by the
entity or by directors/KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions in the financial year, in the
following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity s website):
Not applicable, as no fines or penalties were imposed that require disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.
Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or
non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
Not applicable
4.
Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a
web-link to the policy.
Yes, HCLTech has a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct ( COBEC ), Anti Bribery & Anti-corruption policy ( ABAC ) in
place. The policies apply to all individuals working worldwide for all affiliates and subsidiaries of HCLTech at all levels
and grades. The policies cover giving and offering of bribes, and bribing of government officials, facilitation payments,
charitable donations, political activities. Foreign corruption Practices Act ( FCPA ), the UK Bribery Act ( UKBA ), and the
Indian Prevention of corruption Act are the governing legislations for these policies.
The Anti-Bribery & Anti-corruption ( ABAC ) policy can be accessed on the company s website through this
htp://www.hcltech.com/corporate/anti-bribery-and-anti-corruption-policy-abac.
HCLTech has also obtained ISO 37001-2016 cerification. The cerificate may be accessed through the link:
htps://hcltech.com/corporate-cerifications.
The company also conducts ABMS Quarerly Compliance Cerification ("ABMS QCC ) allowing for the disclosure of
different tasks that occurred during the previous quarer. Furhermore, the company also offers a channel, Global Ethics
Helpline; and whistleblower@hcltech.com for employees based in Germany and the Netherlands to raise and repor
their concerns, while ensuring confidentiality. The company is subject to annual internal and external audits carried out
by other organizations for anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
HCLTech is honored to be recognized as one of Ethisphere s 2025 World s Most Ethical Companies ( WMEC ) for the
second consecutive year.
5.
Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Directors
Nil
Nil
KMPs
Nil
Nil
Employees
Nil
Nil
Workers
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
6.
Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number
Remarks
Number
Remarks
Number of complaints received
in relation to issues of Conflict of
Interest of the Directors
Nil
NA
Nil
NA
Number of complaints received
in relation to issues of Conflict of
Interest of the KMPs
Nil
NA
Nil
NA
7.
Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/penalties/action taken by
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
Not Applicable. There were no issues related to fines/penalties/actions taken by regulators/ law enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflict of Interest at HCLTech.
8.
Number of days of accounts payables (Accounts payable *365)/(Cost of goods/services procured) in the following
format:
Paricular
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number of days of accounts payables
44.40
40.40
Note: No. of days of accounts payable are computed excluding provisions

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
9.
Open-ness of business
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related paries along-with
loans and advances & investments, with related paries, in the following format:
Parameter
Metrics
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Concentration
of Purchases
Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Number of trading houses where purchases are made from
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total
purchases from trading houses
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Concentration
of Sales
Sales to dealers/distributors as % of total sales
4.59%
4.03%
Number of dealers/distributors to whom sales are made
1,612
1,635
Sales to top 10 dealers/distributors as % of total sales to
dealers/distributors
32.81%
28.27%
Share of RPTs
in
Purchases (Purchases with related paries/Total Purchases)
0.16%
0.14%
Sales (Sales to related paries/Total Sales)
0.03%
0.02%
Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related
paries/Total loans & advances)
0.00%
Investments (Investments in related paries/Total
Investments made)
0.00%
Leadership Indicators
1.
Awareness programs conducted for value chain parners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total number
of awareness
programs held
Topics/ principles covered under the training
%age of value chain
parners covered (by value
of business done with
such parners) under the
awareness programs
1,454
The following topics were addressed in various programs:

Risk assessment & work permit system awareness,

Awareness on electrical safety,

LOTO (Lockout-Tagout) system,

Energy consumption & conservation,

Chemical safety & MSDS awareness,

Fire safety, emergency preparedness & evacuation procedure
awareness,

Awareness on incident reporing & management,

Awareness on QHSEE Policy- objectives & targets,

Awareness on Legal compliances,

Awareness on power tools safety, PPE & its Imporance,

Waste management, working at height, slip-trip- fall & ergonomics
awareness

Confined space & lone working awareness, safe driving/road safety,

Energy conservation, environmental impacts

ESG manual that outlines its sustainability objectives and guidelines.

Internal auditor training on ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001

Internal auditor training on ISO 50001

GRI awareness training

Waste segregation and disposal training

Incident management training

Near miss reporing

Awareness on safe work at height and in confined spaces

HSE monitoring and measurement training
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
2.
Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/
No) If Yes, provide details of the same.
Yes. The Company receives from the members of the Board, a list of entities in which they are interested, at the
beginning of every financial year and as and when there is any change in such interest. IT is ensured that the requisite
approvals as required under the statute as well as the Company s policies are in place before transacting with such
entities. Furher, the Company has adopted the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct which requires that the Directors
of the Company avoid any activity or association that creates or appears to create a conflict between the personal
interests of the Directors and the business interests of the Company.
Principle - 2 Business should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and
safe.
Essential Indicators
1.
Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
(₹ Crores)
FY 2023-24
(₹ Crores)
Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D
(1,658)
100%
(1,651)
100%
Investments in research and development (R&D) are made to
enhance the effectiveness of our existing products and services,
as well as to create new ones. Upgrading legacy code improves
perormance efficiency and leads to environmental benefits.
Moreover, we focus on enhancing our products to provide beter
security and privacy for our users.
Capex
(1,108)
100%
(1.048)
100%
Our capital expenditure primarily focuses on infrastructure,
enhancing our energy efficiency and accessibility through
improved equipment and buildings.
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
We have implemented procedures for sustainable sourcing. Our Procurement team undergoes extensive training on
ESG frameworks, ISO cerifications, and sustainable supply chain initiatives.
All suppliers are expected to adhere to our Procurement Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct. ESG considerations
are integrated from the outset during supplier selection processes, including through Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
and e-bidding. Additionally, we employ a risk-based assessment approach when onboarding new vendors, evaluating
various aspects of their operations to ensure compliance with our ESG criteria and adherence to our standards
for sustainability and ethical practices. Our Procurement policy is also in accordance with ISO 20400 guidelines.
Furhermore, we are currently underaking a third-pary evaluation of our procurement processes to ensure strict
conformity to the guidelines established by ISO 20400.
2. b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
100% of our suppliers are covered under responsible sourcing considering all suppliers are expected to abide by our
Supplier Code of Conduct and Procurement Policy that outlines our expectations regarding ethical behavior, labor
practices, environmental responsibility, and governance standards. This code serves as a foundation for ongoing
engagement and perormance monitoring.
3.
Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life,
for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
4.
Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity s activities (Yes/No). If yes, whether the waste
collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submited to Pollution Control Boards? If not,
provide steps taken to address the same.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective/Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing
industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
No
As an IT services company, our scope is primarily limited to services. Hence, the applicability of life cycle assessment
to our operations is limited. There is applicability in the procurement of products and services for our own operations,

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
wherein we ensure that we prioritize the purchase of end-user devices with the least carbon footprint and consider
other green procurement best practices. Our employees are trained in sustainability and are equipped to embed safety,
privacy and environmental responsibility into the solutions we deliver. We conduct LCA for our services to our clients on
a need basis. We have plans to upscale the LCA capabilities in our operations.
2.
If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your
products/services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective/Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly
describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
Not Applicable. There are no such significant social or environmental concerns or risks identified. However, as our
emissions are highest during the use phase of our tools/services, we reduce these emissions by increasing the share of
renewable energy for our operations and making our operations even more energy efficient. We follow efficient coding
practices that reduce iterations during the use phase, reducing energy consumption.
3.
Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Not Applicable
4.
Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tons) reused, recycled, and
safely disposed, as per the following format.
5.
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Principle - 3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including
those in their value chains.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category
% of employees covered by
Total (A)
Health insurance
Accident
insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity Benefits Day Care facilities
Number
(B)
% (B/A)
Number
(C)
% (C/A)
Number
(D)
% (D/A)
Number
(E)
% (E/A)
Number
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent employees
Male
158,943
100%
158,943
100%
NA
NA
158,943
100%
158,943
100%
Female
64,364
100%
64,364
100%
64,364
100%
NA
NA
64,364
100%
Others
100%
NA
NA
NA
NA
100%
Total
223,420
100%
223,420
100%
64,364
100%
158,943
100%
223,420
100%
Note

Health insurance includes ESIC coverage.

The Group term life insurance policy is applicable to all employees of HCLTech. The policy offers extensive group
life insurance for employees, offering suppor to their families in case of death from natural causes or accidents.

b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Not Applicable
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the company
2.21%
1.93%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Note: The cost incurred on well-being measures includes the following:

Cost for maternity and paternity benefits (For FY 2024-25, following SEBI s guidance, the costs for maternity and
paternity benefits have been included in the employee wellbeing expenditure. This change has contributed to an
increase in the metric of employee well-being expenditure % in the current reporing year.)

Cumulative percentage of country-specific expenditures associated with employee insurance, including life,
health and other insurance

Amounts spent for employee health checkups - HCLTech regards its employees as our greatest asset,
significantly contributing to a positive and productive work environment. The Company has implemented a
distinctive initiative that benefits not only its employees but also their families by offering medical facilities within
the campuses in India. This initiative extends beyond providing cashless preventive health check-ups. The medical
facilities encompass comprehensive lab tests and procedures at HCL Healthcare clinics, which are equipped with
state-of-the-ar amenities meeting international standards. The services offered include physical consultations,
virual specialist doctor consultations, eye care solutions, and dental services. HCL Healthcare employees over
1000 clinical professionals (doctors, nurses, and technicians) across 51 locations. Additionally, the campus is
equipped with a 24/7 ambulance service for emergencies. This practice of maintaining on-site healthcare clinics
ensures convenient and immediate healthcare access for employees.
2.
Details of retirement benefits for Current FY and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
No. of
No. of
Deducted and
deposited
with the
authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of
No. of
Deducted and
deposited
with the
authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF
100.00%
NA
Y
100.00%
NA
Y
Gratuity
100.00%
NA
Y
100.00%
NA
Y
ESI
7.78%
NA
Y
9.06%
NA
Y
Others - Please
Specify
-
Note

India employee headcount has been considered for the details of retirement benefits.

3.
Accessibility of workplaces
Are the premises/offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements
of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this
regard.
HCLTech believes in providing People with disabilities (PwD) with an inclusive and accessible workplace through the
four principles of Employ, Enable, Engage, and Empower (4Es). HCLTech has taken several steps to ensure accessibility
for all employees with disabilities by developing well-equipped and disability-friendly infrastructure such as ramps,
voice-enabled lifts, PwD washrooms, reserved parking spaces, and emergency warning systems with audio and visual
alarms. The organization has also conducted third-pary inspections to ensure that its facilities are accessible to
employees with disabilities. Furhermore, the Company s websites and internal porals comply with the Web Content
Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG2.2), and the Company regularly updates its porals to make them more accessible.
4.
Does the entity have an equal opporunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a
web-link to the policy.
Yes. Our Human Rights policy (htps://www.hcltech.com/corporate/human-rights-policy) includes our commitment
of being an equal opporunity employer. Moreover, COBEC (htps://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations/governance-
policies/cobec) encompasses all areas on ethics, including a clause on equal opporunity.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
5.
Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Permanent Employees
Permanent Workers
Return to work rate in %
Retention rate in %
Return to work rate in %
Retention rate in %
Male
99.95%
77.88%
Not Applicable
Female
99.56%
70.53%
Total
99.81%
75.19%
6.
Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and
workers? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Pariculars
Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers
Not Applicable
Other than Permanent
Workers
Not Applicable
Permanent Employees
Yes. HCL has a multi-tiered grievance handling mechanism applicable to all permanent
and non-permanent employees including, dedicated channels for addressing harassment,
whistle-blower complaints, security incidents, discrimination, general grievances, etc.
Employees can raise concerns by submiting their grievance to the Global Ethics Helpline
(MyHCLTech >>Top Ribbon (Main Menu)>> Ethics Helpline).
Other than Permanent
Employees
7.
Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognized by the listed entity:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total
category (A)
No. of
category, who
are par of
association(s)
or Union (B)
% (B/A)
Total
category (C)
No. of
category, who
are par of
association(s)
or Union (D)
% (D/C)
Total Permanent
Employees
223,420
11,673
5.22%
227,481
9,124
4.01%
Male
158,943
8,422
5.30%
160,982
6,440
4.00%
Female
64,364
3,251
5.05%
66,268
2,684
4.05%
Others
-
Total Permanent
Workers
Not Applicable
Male
Female
Note

There are 16 countries where we have recognized Workers Councils or Unions.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
8.
Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total (A)
On Health and
Safety Measures
On Skill
Upgradation
Total (D)
On Health and
Safety Measures
On Skill
Upgradation
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Employees
Male
158,943
30,416
19.14%
154,963
97.50%
160,982
28,226
17.53%
148,524
92.26%
Female
64,364
12,320
19.14%
62,289
96.78%
66,268
10,205
15.40%
62,610
94.48%
Others
38.05%
56.64%
21.21%
33.77%
Total
223,420
42,779
19.15%
217,316
97.27%
227,481
38,480
16.92%
211,212
92.85%
Workers
Male
Not Applicable
Female
Total
Note

Considered training for FTE employees active as on 31st March 2025 and 31st March 2024 respectively.

9.
Details of perormance and career development reviews of employees and workers:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total (A)
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No. (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Male
152,829
100%
152,116
100%
Female
61,807
100%
62,381
100%
Others
100%
Total
214,698
100%
214,560
100%
Workers
Male
Not Applicable
Female
Total
Note

Eligible employees are considered in Total Employees.

10.
Health and safety management system:
Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No). If
yes, the coverage of such system?
Yes, while 100% of HCLTech Employees are covered under OH&S Policies and procedures, facilities covering 70%
of HCLTech employees are cerified against ISO 45001:2018. ISO 45001:2018 is a global standard for Occupational
Health and Safety Management Systems (OHMS). IT improves workplace safety, reduces risks, and suppors
employee well-being by helping organizations identify hazards, comply with safety regulations, and enhance the
work environment.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis
by the entity?
HCLTech has established, implemented, and maintained a formal process for hazard identification, risk
assessment and control to effectively manage workplace and safety hazards across our facilities. HCLTech uses
the failure mode effect analysis ( FMEA ) to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-
routine basis.
After risks are identified, the following steps are taken:

Risk Evaluation: The identified risks are assessed using the Risk Priority Number (RPN), which considers the
Severity, Occurrence, and Detection of each failure mode.

Action Plan Development: High-priority risks are addressed by creating mitigation strategies, such as design
changes, process improvements, or additional controls.

Implementation of Actions: The corrective measures are applied to reduce the likelihood of failure, minimize
impact, or improve detection methods.

Re-evaluation: The updated process or design is reviewed, and a new RPN is calculated to confirm the
effectiveness of the actions taken.
The above steps ensure a continuous cycle of improvement to minimize risks and enhance system reliability.
Whether you have processes for workers to repor the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such
risks. (Y/N)
Yes, we have established processes for workers to repor work-related hazards and remove themselves from risky
situations. Key steps involved are as follows:

Hazard Identification: Workers are encouraged to identify and recognize potential hazards in the workplace.
This is done through regular inspections, observations, and feedback.

Reporing Channels: Workers can repor hazards through various channels such as direct communication with
supervisors, dedicated safety commitees, or anonymous reporing systems.

Documentation: Proper documentation of the hazard is crucial. This includes detailing the nature of the
hazard, its location, and any immediate risks IT poses.

Immediate Action: Workers have the right to remove themselves from dangerous situations if they believe
there is an imminent risk to their health or safety.

Follow-Up: After a hazard is repored, there is a follow-up process to ensure that the issue is resolved and
that the workplace is safe.

Training and Education: Regular training sessions are conducted to educate workers on how to identify,
repor, and handle workplace hazards effectively.
Do the employees/worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/
No)
11.
Details of safety-related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per
one million person hours worked)
Employees
0.0088843
0.008639
Workers
Not Applicable
Total recordable work-related injuries
Employees
Workers
Not Applicable
No. of fatalities
Employees
Workers
Not Applicable
High consequence work-related injury or
ill-health (excluding fatalities)
Employees
Workers
Not Applicable

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
12.
Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
HCLTech is dedicated to ensuring a safe and healthy workplace. Here s what we are doing to achieve that:

Ensure we follow all the necessary health and safety laws and suppor our team members to do the same

Provide regular training sessions on Occupational Health & Safety so everyone knows what to do

Conduct regular inspections and audits to stay on top of our safety standards and ensure we meet our internal
goals

Provide our employees with Personal Protective Equipment to keep them safe

Underook evaluation for our campuses under the International Safety Awards hosted by the British Safety Council
(BSC). In total, our five sites are cerified by the BSC. The Sites included are: Noida, Chennai, Lucknow, Vijayawada
and Madurai

HCLTech sites cerified under the Occupational Health & Safety (OHS) management system aligned with ISO
45001:2018

Major campuses paricipated in the Golden Peacock Award hosted by the Institute of Directors (IOD)

23 facilities across India and the Geos cerified under ISO 45001:2018, covering 70% of our existing sites.
Cerification for new sites is in progress, with ongoing audits. Upon completion of these audits, the cerification
percentage will increase to 73%
HCLTech has established mechanisms in place to protect employees safety, and employees are encouraged to share
any workplace risks or health concerns. HCLTech has safety commitees that convene at regular intervals. There is a
safety incident reporing and management mechanism in place to guarantee that all work-related occurrences are
repored and resolved through appropriate corrective actions.
In addition to these effors, HCL Healthcare focuses on offering managed healthcare services to employees and their
families in India. These services include lab services, virual specialist doctor consultations, eye care solutions, and
dentistry services. The clinics are built to international standards and are dedicated to offering a wide variety of health
care services to employees and their families.
13.
Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers
Type
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Working
Conditions
-
Health & Safety
4,027
-
Note

In FY 2024-25, the IFMS tool was used to formally raise, track, and close complaints, allowing for efficient digital
management of employee complaints. Effors were also made to increase awareness and encourage employees
to submit complaints. As a result, the number of complaints is higher compared to the previous year.

14.
Assessments for the year:
Type
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or
statutory authorities or third paries)
Health and safety practices
100%
Working Conditions
100%
15.
Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on
significant risks/concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions
Risk assessment is conducted at regular intervals, annually, and as needed, following the FMEA or Failure Mode and
Effect Analysis methodology for Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) risks at the site. Necessary control measures
are introduced for all identified risks.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Sr. No.
Risk & Concerns
Corrective action
Access related
issues associated
with PWD
A PWD gap assessment was conducted using Harmonised guidelines and standards for
universal accessibility in India by an independent third pary for seven campuses in India.
Corrective actions based on this assessment have commenced.
All critical entry and exit points have been modernized to facilitate smooth access for
People with Disabilities (PWD).
Lack of
awareness on the
environmental
aspects
To improve awareness of environmental aspects, enhanced communication strategies
and methodologies were planned. Both digital and traditional modes of communication
were utilized to achieve this objective. Below are some examples of these initiatives.
Additionally, motivational and employee engagement aspects were explored as outlined
below.
Awareness initiatives included speeches by leadership, oath-taking ceremonies, drawing
and quiz competitions, and best-out-of-waste competitions.
Non-availability of
policies in the local
language
Enhanced communication methods were planned to raise awareness of environmental
issues. Both digital and traditional modes were used. Examples include:

Audio files of policies translated into local languages.

QR-based audio QHSEE (Quality, Health, Safety, Environment, and Energy) policies
displayed in areas accessible to employees, especially facility management staff,
transpor team, and security guards.
Leadership drive on
HSE awareness
The leadership team s involvement in raising Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE)
awareness was another significant initiative aimed at enhancing HSE knowledge among
staff. On National Safety Day/Week, a leadership video message was broadcast to
promote HSE awareness. In celebration of the 54th National Safety Day/Week campaign
in 2025, the Leadership Team shared a special video message emphasizing our collective
commitment to safety. This communication was disseminated across operations, facility
management teams, and other vendor parners, including their employees.
Risks associated
with Electrocution
To mitigate identified risks associated with electrocution on-site, changes in
procurement strategies and policies were implemented. More durable materials and
items were procured to proactively address safety concerns
Leadership Indicators
1.
Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/N)
(B) Workers (Y/N).
Yes. All the employees of the company are covered by Group Term Life Insurance. This policy offers extensive group life
insurance for employees, offering suppor to their families in case of death from natural causes or accidents.
2.
Provide the measures underaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the
value chain parners.
Our Vendor Onboarding Assessment program serves as a control mechanism to identify regulatory noncompliance
issues while onboarding new vendors. We also conduct periodic assessments of vendors which include a
comprehensive review of statutory compliances.
3.
Provide the number of employees/workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury/ill-health/fatalities
(as repored in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment
or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Category
Total no. of affected employees/ workers
No. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated
and placed in suitable employment or whose
family members have been placed in suitable
employment
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Employees
Workers
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Not Applicable

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
4.
Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of
career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
Yes
5.
Details on assessment of value chain parners
Type
% of Value Chain parners (by value of business done with such parners) that were
assessed
Health and safety practices
100% of the major value chain parners engaged in facility management are
covered.
Working Conditions
100% of the major value chain parners engaged in facility management are
covered.
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain parners.
HCLTech has taken several proactive steps to address risks identified through detailed reviews of health and safety
practices, as well as working conditions across its value chain. Some of the key actions include:

Repairing occupancy sensors in Phase-3 areas at the Noida facility to ensure safe and efficient operations.

Installing paritions in server and mix rooms to improve energy efficiency and maintain optimal working conditions.

Fiting restrooms with motion sensors to enhance hygiene and conserve energy.

Applying a high SRI (Solar Reflectance Index) cool roof coating on terrace areas to reduce heat absorption and
improve thermal comfor.

Translating the QHSEE (Quality, Health, Safety, Environment, and Energy) policy into regional languages, making IT
easier for on-ground teams to understand and follow.

Conducting hands-on first aid training for staff engaged through Integrated Facilities Management Services
(IFMS), strengthening emergency response readiness.
Principle - 4 Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders.
Essential Indicators
1.
Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
HCLTech follows a structured and inclusive process for identifying key stakeholder groups. The company has
underaken a comprehensive mapping exercise to identify all relevant stakeholders:

Internal stakeholders such as employees

External stakeholders including clients, suppliers, investors, regulators, NGOs, and local communities

Indirect stakeholders such as future generations and natural ecosystems
The stakeholder identification and engagement approach are built on three core dimensions:

Influence - their ability to shape or be influenced by the company s business decisions

Impact - the extent to which they are affected by, or can affect, the company s operations

Experise - their technical knowledge or representative capacity relevant to ESG issues
Engagements are designed and underaken based on the materiality and need for consultation. These include both
targeted methods (such as interviews and workshops) and broader periodic consultations, as appropriate and the
frequency of engagement is predicated or scheduled as per the mutual needs of the stakeholders. Insights and
outcomes from these engagements are disseminated across relevant teams within the organization to ensure timely
feedback and resolution for stakeholders.
This robust engagement mechanism has enabled HCLTech to align its ESG focus with its strategic framework - Act,
Pact, and Impact. For the company, stakeholder engagement is not a one-time activity, but a continuous process that
suppors the understanding and fulfilment of stakeholder expectations.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
2.
List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder
group.
Stakeholder
Group
Whether
Vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of
Other
Frequency of
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarerly/others
Investors/
Shareholders
No

Online surveys

Focus group
discussions

One-on-one
interviews

Non-deal roadshows

Investor events
(one-on-one and in
groups) and reverse
roadshows.

Geo-based
management-level
meetings post
quarerly results.

Webinars (one-on-
one and in groups).
Quarerly
Purpose
To maximize shareholder value, atract
investment, and provide transparent
information.
Scope
Regular financial reporing, investor
conferences, analyst interactions, and
timely updates on business perormance,
strategy, and corporate governance.
Aspects discussed
Emerging business risks and opporunities
related to sustainability/ESG issues
affecting reputation and business
perormance, 3-to-5-year ESG Roadmap,
delivery model, hybrid work environment,
supply-side pressures like atrition rate
and hiring rate, and sustainability of
demand.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Stakeholder
Group
Whether
Vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of
Other
Frequency of
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarerly/others
Employees
No

Online Modes of
Communication
Emailers, Newsleters

Focus Group
Discussions

Wellness sessions
and Family sessions

Surveys: Pulse
surveys

Employee Passion
clubs, Festivals and
other celebrations

Employee Resource
Groups like Women
connect, MERG,
WAND ERG, Pride

Employee connect
poral 360-feedback

Client and HCLTech
leader sessions
Online Modes of
Communication
Emailers,
Newsleters
(monthly)
Focus Group
Discussions
(Monthly)
Wellness
sessions.
Family sessions
(Quarerly)
Surveys: Pulse
surveys (As and
when required)
Employee
Passion clubs,
Festivals
and other
celebrations
(Monthly)
Employee
Resource
Groups like
Women
connect, MERG,
WAND ERG,
Pride (Monthly)
Employee
connect poral
360-feedback
(Annually)
Client and
HCLTech
leader sessions
(Monthly)
Purpose
To nurure talented personnel, enhance
employee satisfaction and foster a
positive work environment.
Scope

Skill development programs,
employee engagement activities,
recognition and rewards, health
and wellness initiatives, career
growth opporunities and open
communication channels

Feedback and grievance redressal

Employee engagement (fun at work/
motivation/ happiness/passion/
wellbeing)

Engagement for self-perormance
improvement and team productivity
improvement

D&I

Career suppor programs

Employee assistance program

Employee feedback on policies

Training programs and learning
nuggets - functional and cultural
(e.g., Inclusion lab)

Maternity/paternity suppor

Awareness on sustainability topics
Aspects discussed
Work environment, opporunities for
growth, well-being, mentorship programs,
and accessing idea-sharing platforms.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Stakeholder
Group
Whether
Vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of
Other
Frequency of
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarerly/others
Clients
No

Client experiences
Surveys at Project
Level (PCSAT)

Client experiences
Surveys at
relationship level
(ACSAT)

Quarerly Business
reviews (QBR)

Monthly Service
Reviews (MSR)

Customer Advisory
Board (CAB)
PCSAT - Half
yearly
ACSAT -
Annually
QBR - Quarerly
MSR - Monthly
CAB - Annually
Purpose
To deliver exceptional client experiences,
build long-term relationships and meet
client expectations.
Scope

Quality products and services,
personalized solutions, prompt client
suppor, feedback mechanisms, client
satisfaction surveys and continuous
improvement based on client insights

Resolution of any delivery challenges

Feedback on technology and services
being implemented

Discovery of adjacent net new
opporunities

Grow footprint and upsell

Account-based marketing (ABM)

Quarerly Business Reviews (QBR)
process
Aspects discussed

Contract compliance.

Resource management.

Payment queries.

Delivery challenges or delays
Communities
in which we
operate
Yes

Survey

Focus Group
Discussions

Capacity Building

Regular Interactions
& Discussions
Monthly
Purpose
To actively suppor local development in
the identified slums/intervention sites,
enhance social wellbeing and promote
sustainable practices within communities
through CSR Initiatives.
Scope
Community development initiatives,
early childhood care and development,
education and skill-building programs,
healthcare suppor, water sanitation and
hygiene (WASH), Spors for development
initiatives, volunteering activities as well
as disaster risk reduction and response
effors. Assessment underaken for
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
projects and grievance redressal.
Aspects discussed
Education, water, sanitation and hygiene
(WASH), malnutrition, environmental
sustainability, skill development and
employability

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Stakeholder
Group
Whether
Vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of
Other
Frequency of
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarerly/others
Vendors &
Suppliers
No

Supplier escalation
mailbox system

Online surveys

Dedicated vendor
helpdesk.
Quarerly
(depending on
engagement):
Internal surveys
for supplier
perormance
assessment -
Quarerly
Onboarding
Assessment
during
onboarding the
new vendor
Monitoring
of Supplier
escalation
mailbox
and Vendor
Helpdesk as &
when raised by
suppliers
Purpose
To establish mutually beneficial
relationships, ensure supply chain
efficiency and drive business growth.
Scope

Supplier diversity programs, fair and
transparent procurement processes,
collaboration on innovation, timely
payments and building long-term
parnerships based on trust and
shared value.

Query resolution and grievance
redressal.

Supplier perormance assessment.

Vendor Onboarding Assessment

Risk assessment for high-risk
vendors.

Addressing non-compliance issues.

Breach of contract.
Aspects discussed
Inquiries peraining to sales, point of
contact, and payment-related queries.
Industry
Associations
(FICCI, CII,
NASSCOM,
WEF etc.)
No

Conferences

Convergence

Focus group
discussions

One-on-one
interviews
Bi-annually
and dependent
on the
requirements
Purpose
To collaborate with industry peers, discuss
industry trends and contribute to the
growth and development of the sector.
Scope
Policy advocacy thought leadership and
discussion of collective initiatives to
address industry challenges and drive
innovation.
Aspects discussed
Technology development, regulatory
landscape, ESG Trends and emerging best
practices

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Stakeholder
Group
Whether
Vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/
No)
Channels of
Other
Frequency of
(Annually/
Half yearly/
Quarerly/others
Academia
No
Based on requirements
Monthly,
quarerly
Purpose
To bridge the gap between industry
requirements and academic education,
foster research and innovation and atract
top talent
Scope

Collaborative research projects,
industry academia parnerships,
guest lectures, internships, campus
recruitment and skill development

Strengthen leadership and
governance of academic
engagement with business schools

Developing future leaders for
HCLTech and clients with specific
leadership programs

Research and Development
Aspects discussed: Future skill trends,
new skill development, Industry ready
coaching
Leadership Indicators
1.
Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social
topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
To strengthen its ESG governance, HCLTech has established a robust framework that actively involves both the Board
and stakeholders in identifying and addressing ESG-related risks and opporunities. This collaborative approach
ensures that the company s sustainability strategy remains closely aligned with stakeholder expectations and keeps
pace with evolving global standards.
At HCLTech, ESG governance is built on several key pillars:

Developing clear sustainability strategies that suppor the company s overall objectives

Seting measurable ESG targets to monitor progress and drive continuous improvement

Maintaining open and transparent communication with stakeholders to foster accountability and growth
Executive Directors and Senior Management play a hands-on role in engaging with stakeholders - including investors,
employees, clients, and suppliers - to beter understand their needs, expectations, and concerns. Insights and feedback
from these interactions are systematically relayed to the Board through well-defined processes.
When stakeholders raise imporant issues, these are escalated to the appropriate forums for careful consideration
and action. HCLTech also has a clear internal mechanism for addressing concerns, suggestions, and grievances, with
maters referred to relevant Board commitees based on their significance.
To ensure oversight, HCLTech has set up a dedicated ESG and DEI Commitee that meets quarerly. This commitee:

Reviews and assesses ESG risks and opporunities that could impact business perormance

Approves both shor-term and long-term ESG strategies

Ensures these strategies are seamlessly integrated into the company s overall business plans
The Corporate Sustainability team closely tracks key ESG metrics and provides regular updates to both the ESG
Commitee and the CEO. This process ensures transparency and keeps leadership accountable for delivering on the
company s ESG commitments.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
2.
Whether stakeholder consultation is used to suppor the identification and management of environmental, and social
topics (Yes/No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics
were incorporated into the policies and activities of the entity.
Yes. HCLTech has consulted stakeholders for arriving at the 12 material topics and will continue to monitor the
progress of the topics. Engaging with stakeholders is central to how the Company identifies environmental, social and
governance topics. Through these interactions, we gather valuable feedback, insights, and data that help us focus on
what maters most. This process plays a key role in shaping and refining our ESG strategy.
At HCLTech, we stay closely connected with our internal and external stakeholders to understand what truly maters
to them and to our business. Through open conversations and interviews, we carry out a double materiality analysis -
looking at the risks, opporunities, and impacts from both sides. This helps us focus on the issues that are most relevant
and meaningful.
3.
Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalized stakeholder groups.
HCLFoundation, which delivers the CSR agenda of HCLTech, is deeply commited to uplifting vulnerable and
marginalized communities. Its initiatives are thoughtfully designed to reach those who need suppor the most, ensuring
no one is left behind.
Over the years, the Foundation s work has touched the lives of more than 7.5 million people, with women making up
54% of the community members/program paricipants. IT has also extended meaningful suppor to over 15,000 persons
with disabilities, helping them lead more empowered and dignified lives.
In caring for the environment, HCLFoundation has taken significant steps by:

Planting over 3.2 million saplings,

Building 358 water structures,

Reviving 265 water bodies
These effors reflect not just numbers, but a deep sense of responsibility - to people, communities, and the planet.
Principle - 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential Indicators
1.
Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the Company:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total (A)
No. of
covered (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No. of
covered (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent
223,420
208,747
93.43%
227,481
217,733
95.71%
Other than
Permanent
11,076
9,076
81.94%
9,767
8,599
88.04%
Total Employees
234,496
217,823
92.89%
237,248
2,26,332
95.40%
Workers
Permanent
Not Applicable
Other than
Permanent
Total Workers
Note

The above training is mandatory for all employees upon joining and must be completed on an annual basis. As
the data is specific to the financial year 2024-25, the percentages provided do not account for employees whose
training completion is due after March 31, 2025.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
2.
Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total (A)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
Total (D)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Permanent Employees
Male
158,943
-
158,943
100%
160,982
100%
Female
64,364
-
64,364
100%
66,268
100%
Others
-
100%
Other than Permanent Employees
Male
8,131
-
8,131
100%
7,437
100%
Female
2,853
-
2,853
100%
2,238
100%
Others
-
100%
Workers
Permanent
Not Applicable
Male
Female
Other than
Permanent
Male
Female
Note

3.
Details of remuneration/salary/wages
Median remuneration/wages:
Category
Male
Female
Others
Number
Median
Lakhs per
Number
Median
Lakhs per
Number
Median
Lakhs per
Board of Directors (BoD)
-
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
4,608
-
Employees other than BoD and
KMP
167,071
18.18
67,217
9.53
81.10
Workers
Not Applicable
Note

USD Exchange rate considered - INR 82 = 1 USD

Remuneration of the CEO and Managing Director has been included in KMP information.

Information regarding the Directors and KMPs who have either joined or resigned during the financial year is
incomparable and has not been considered.

KMPs include the CEO and Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary. However, the
above information excludes the information related to the CFO as they received remuneration for par of the
financial year.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25

The remuneration/ salary/ wages for the unknown category is high as majority of these employees are based
in Geographies/locations outside India.

The entire personnel of HCLTech are categorized as Employees and not as Workers . Therefore, the
information required in all sections in the Workers category is not applicable to HCLTech.
3. b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages
20.49%
20.41%
4.
Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Commitee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or
contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
Srinivasan Govindan (srinivasangn@hcltech.com), Vice President - People Function, is responsible for addressing
human rights related issues.
Employees are urged to repor any issues peraining to Human Rights to the Reporing Manager and/or the Global
Ethics Helpline. Employees based in Germany/Netherlands can continue to raise their concerns and grievances by
emailing to whistleblower@hcltech.com.
5.
Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
Employees and Individuals affected have access to mechanisms to raise concerns and such mechanisms are
accessible, equitable and transparent. Any Employee or Individual may repor a concern in writing or orally by
communicating IT either to their concerned reporing manager or Human Resources (HR). Employees can also raise
concerns by submiting their grievance in the Global Ethics Helpline (MyHCLTech >>Top Ribbon (Main Menu)>> Help
>> Ethics Helpdesk).
The aggrieved employee or individual can also address their concerns to the Ethics Commitee via
whistleblower@hcltech.com. Employees and individuals are advised to submit a writen complaint narrating the
true sequence of the events leading to the violation along with any supporing evidence. Concerns may be repored
as confidential or on an anonymous basis. We are commited to keeping the identity of the reporing employee or
individual confidential to the maximum extent as consistent with the Company s legal obligations but subject to the
Company s need to investigate repored violations.
6.
Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Sexual Harassment
Please
refer
the note
below**
-
Discrimination at Workplace
NA
-
NA
-
Child Labor
NA
-
NA
-
Forced Labor/Involuntary Labor
NA
-
NA
-
Wages
NA
-
NA
-
Other human rights related
issues
NA
-
NA
-
Note

Complaints disclosed are globally; and in question 7 IT s India specific.

Complaints disclosed as on March 31 of the respective financial year.
**The investigation has established regulations and a framework for completing the repor. These will be followed in
accordance with the prescribed guidelines, and the final repor will be made available to the intended audience.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
7.
Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,
2013, in the following format:
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Filed during the year
Total complaints repored under Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers
0.09%
0.14%
Complaints on POSH upheld
Note: POSH Act is India specific, hence disclosed numbers are for India - Operations.
8.
Mechanism to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
Employees must repor any incidents of alleged harassment that they are aware of through channels provided by the
Global Ethics Helpline (GEH) which allows employees to make complaints about sexual harassment in the workplace
online. Employees can also share their concerns and queries using secure@hcltech.com.
All official mechanisms for reporing issues/complaints are focused on preventing and addressing sexual harassment
grievances in the workplace in accordance with HCL s Prevention and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at Workplace
Policy. The policies and practices are in accordance with the applicable laws, especially the The Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal) Act, 2013 for employees based in India, as well as other
relevant rules in the countries where the company operates.
If an employee is subjected to sexual harassment, they should repor IT to secure@hcltech.com immediately. The
Internal Complaints Commitee ( ICC ) investigates and addresses complaints received through this method with the
utmost objectivity and confidentiality. HCL Tech also guarantees that the standard SLAs required by law are satisfied.
False Accusation: If the ICC determines that the complaint against the respondent is malicious, that the aggrieved
woman or anyone else filing IT knew IT was false, or that the aggrieved woman or anyone else filing IT has produced
any forged or misleading document, IT may advise the employer to take appropriate action, such as issuing a writen
apology, issuing a warning, reprimanding or censured the employee, withholding a promotion, withholding a pay
increase, terminating their employment, having them undergo counseling, or having them perorm community service.
However, this excludes claims that are hard to suppor or that were made in good faith.
Right to Appeal: Any individual who is dissatisfied with the recommendations made may file an appeal with the cour or
tribunal within the time frame specified, in the manner required, without prejudice to any provisions contained in any
other legislation now in effect.
9.
Do human rights requirements form par of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes
10.
Assessments for the year:
Pariculars
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or
statutory authorities or third paries
Child Labor
73%
Forced/Involuntary Labor
73%
Sexual Harassment
73%
Discrimination at workplace
73%
Wages
73%
Others - please specify
-
11.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the
assessments at Question 10 above.
No significant risks/concerns were identified.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Details of a business process being modified/introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/
complaints.
No significant changes in process were required resulting from the grievances and complaints this year.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
2.
Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted
HCLTech has integrated human rights considerations into its operations as well as the new vendor onboarding
assessment process, tailoring IT to the types of services provided to the Company. HCLTech s Procurement Policy
and Supplier Code of Conduct lay out the Company s expectations surrounding ethical behavior, labor practices,
environmental responsibility, and governance standards. Additionally, HCLTech has a Whistleblower Policy in place that
details how to file a complaint, and this information is accessible to all stakeholders. In case of any concerns, vendors
can reach out via email at whistleblower@hcltech.com for resolution. Also, HCLTech follows Periodic Assessment as
par of the vendor risk management program (R&C).
3.
Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
Yes, the company s offices are accessible to differently abled visitors as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons
with Disabilities Act, 2016.
4.
Details on assessment of value chain parners:
% of value chain parners (by value of business done with such
parners) that were assessed
Sexual harassment
72%
Discrimination at workplace
Child labor
Forced/involuntary labor
Wages
Others - please specify
5.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the
assessments at Question 4 above
Appropriate training and capacity building are conducted based on the concerns arising from the assessments.
Additionally, HCLTech provides its vendors with an ESG manual and learning platform that outlines its sustainability
objectives and expectations, including human rights.
Principle - 6 Businesses should respect and make effors to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1.
Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
From renewable sources (GJ)
Total electricity consumption (A)
323,444.62
187,403.10
Total fuel consumption (B)
0.00
Energy consumption through other sources (C)
0.00
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)
323,444.62
187,403.10
From non-renewable sources (GJ)
Total electricity consumption (D)
606,340.86
782,259.72
Total fuel consumption (E)
10,907.49
15,509.60
Energy consumption through other sources (F)
0.00
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F)
617,248.35
797,769.32
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
940,692.98
985,172.42
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total energy consumed/ Revenue from operations) (GJ/Million ₹)
0.80
0.90
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total energy consumed/Revenue from operations adjusted For PPP) (GJ/million USD)
16.42
18.19
Energy intensity in terms of physical output (GJ/FTE)
4.21
4.33

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Note

GJ is Gigajoule

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)
If yes, name of the external agency.
2.
Does the entity have any sites/facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Perormance, Achieve and
Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have
been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
Not Applicable, HCLTech is a Software and IT service company and does not fall under the Perorm Achieve and Trade scheme.
3.
Provide details of the following disclosures related to water:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
Surace water
Groundwater
261,965.02
196,684.43
Third-pary water
332,476.36
301,249.04
Seawater/desalinated water
Others (Rainwater, generated drinking water from Air, AHU Condensation and
Municipality water)
255,486.96
250,365.57
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)
849,928.34
748,299.04
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters)
834,013.09
737,685
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption/Revenue from
operations (KL/Million ₹)
0.71
0.67
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total water consumption/Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) (KL/million USD)
14.56
13.62
Water intensity in terms of physical output (KL/FTE)
3.73
3.24
Note

Data disclosed for FY 2024-25 covers India and global locations. However, FY 2023-24 data covers only India
locations.

Intensity is measured per million units.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)
If Yes, the name of the external agency.
4.
Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
To Surace Water
-
-No treatment
-
To Groundwater
-
-No treatment
-
To Seawater
-
-No treatment
-

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
-
Sent to third paries
-
-No treatment
15,915.25
10,614
-
Others
-
-No treatment
-
Total water discharged (in kiloliters)
15,915.25
10,614
Note: Data in the table above covers only India operations.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)
if yes, name of the external agency
5.
Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and
implementation.
HCLTech recycles about 97% of its sewage water at its own treatment plants, then reuses IT around the company s
campus. Only 3% is sent to the local municipal treatment facilities. HCLTech has set up two sewage treatment plants
specifically to recycle this water, mainly to cut down on using fresh water. Recycled water is used for things like
watering plants and flushing toilets and urinals, making the whole process sustainable and eco-friendly.
6.
Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity.
Parameter
Please specify unit
FY 2024- 25
FY 2023- 24
Nox
Tons
2.52
2.86
Sox
Tons
0.19
0.36
Pariculate mater (PM)
Tons
0.38
0.51
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Tons
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
Tons
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Tons
Others-please specify
Tons
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluations/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)
if yes, name of the external agency.
7.
Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity:
Parameter
Unit
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4,
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tons of CO2
12,900.5
12,507.61
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4,
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tons of CO2
109,074.02
154,918
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission per rupee of turnover
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/Revenue from
operations)
Metric tons of CO2
equivalent/million ₹
0.10
0.15
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of
turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/Revenue from
operations adjusted for PPP)
Metric tons of CO2
equivalent/million
USD
2.13
3.09
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of
physical output
Metric tons of CO2
equivalent/FTE
0.55
0.74

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Note

Intensity is measured per million units.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency. (Y/N)
If yes, the name of the external agency.
8.
Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emissions? If yes, then provide details.
Yes. List of initiatives is given below:

Conducted Energy Audit for our 7 major Campuses in India and implementing initiatives towards enhancing the
efficiency of our facilities.

End of Life Replacement: End of Life Assessment conducted for critical systems across different regions and
replaced several key pieces of equipment, including the Chiller, UPS system, and VRF (HVAC) system with new
energy-efficient products.

Technology adoption: (a) Introduced the Scale Bio Remover (SBR) for cooling water treatment requirements.
This state-of-the-ar technology supersedes the traditional method of manually treating water with chemicals.
By integrating SBR, we are eliminating manual dosing, resulting in enhancement in monitoring and control
through automation. This novel approach not only streamlines our processes but also ensures a more efficient
and effective treatment of cooling water. (b)Upgraded the Air Handling Unit by replacing the conventional belt
drive blower with an advanced, energy-efficient electronically commutated fan. This modification has significantly
enhanced the blower efficiency from 35% to 72%.
Renewable Energy

In a key milestone towards strengthening its renewable energy porfolio, HCLTech is now procuring renewable
power under Open Access - Group Captive model as well

Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) and Subscription Shareholding Agreements (SSHA) have been finalised for the
Noida and Lucknow campuses, significantly increasing the share of renewable energy in the overall power mix.

These effors mark a concrete step towards the company s global ambition of achieving 80% renewable electricity
in its energy mix by 2030.

As a result of these developments, the renewable energy share has risen from 19% in FY 2023-24 to 34.38% by the
end of FY 2024-25.
Sustainable mobility
1.
In FY 2023-24, the company rolled out electric vehicles at its Hyderabad and Bengaluru (Bangalore) campuses as
par of its broader sustainability agenda.
2.
The EV fleet is being operated under long-term contractual arrangements, replacing diesel-powered vehicles for
employee transporation.
3.
As of December 2024, this transition has led to an estimated reduction of 405.18 tCO2e in emissions, underlining
the company s commitment to low-carbon mobility solutions.
9.
Provide details related to waste management by the entity:
Parameter
FY 2024- 25
FY 2023- 24
Total Waste generated (in metric tons)
Plastic waste (A)
10.73
9.606
E-waste (B)
156.30
334.90
Bio-medical waste (C)
4.37
4.00
Construction and demolition waste (D)
39.25
64.00
Batery waste (E)
82.67
222.00
Radioactive waste (F)
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) (Used or Spent Oil and Oil filters)
21.68
16.41
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by
composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector) (Food waste and other general
waste)
1,488.01
1,759
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
1,803.01
2,409.92

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Parameter
FY 2024- 25
FY 2023- 24
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated/Revenue from
operations) per million ₹
0.0015
0.0022
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total waste generated/Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) MT/million USD
0.03
0.04
Waste intensity in terms of physical output (MT/FTE)
0.0081
0.0106
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling,
re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tons)
Category of waste
Recycled
1,660.28
1,914.00
Re-used
-
Other recovery operations
-
Total
1,660.28
1,914.00
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal
method (in metric tons)
Category of waste
Incineration
9.17
9.00
Landfilling
-
Other disposal operations
-
Total
9.17
9.00
Note

FY 2023-24, IT has been adjusted and restated using the World Bank s factor for FY 2023-24

Data covers only India operations
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluations/assurance has been carried out by an external agency. If yes,
the name of the external agency
10.
Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by
your company to reduce the usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices
adopted to manage such waste.
HCLTech is dedicated to waste reduction and adheres to the principles of Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle. Notably, all
HCLTech owned campuses in India have been awarded the TRUE Zero Waste Platinum Cerification.
The following steps/initiatives have been taken by HCLTech.

Waste plastic botles & containers were convered into DIY planters by the ground staff.

Creation of the in-house bamboo pots for the old smoking zone, creation of the mobile selfie stand & placards
done for the mock drills utilizing the old mop sticks & waste wooden planks

Installation of the stainless-steel jet hand driers & removal of the M-fold napkins.

Implementation of the customized trio bins at cafeteria with proper name labels for various types of dry waste.

Display of the customized waste segregation board at garbage yard to create awareness to the housekeeping
staff & periodical trainings regarding the Waste Segregation. Installation of the OTTO trolley bins for waste
collection and storage.

In-house fishpond utilizing the old & broken tiles from the water body & a few pebbles available on the Campus.

Implementation of the in-house rotating mobile sprinklers for the landscape area to provide coverage for all the
areas
11.
If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries,
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental
approvals/clearances are required.
No
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects underaken by the entity based on applicable laws in the
current financial year:
Not Applicable

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
13.
Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment Protection Act,
and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances:
Yes, HCLTech is compliant with all applicable laws.
S. No. Specify the law/regulation/
guidelines which was not
complied with
Provide details of the
non-compliance
Any fines/penalties/action taken by
regulatory agencies such as pollution
control boards or cours
Corrective action
taken, if any
No non-compliance has been noted.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):
For each facility/plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
Name of the area: Bengaluru (Bangalore), Chennai, Gurugram, Hyderabad, Lucknow, Madurai, Nagpur, Noida, Pune,
Vijayawada
Nature of operations: IT Services
Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2024-2025
FY 2023-2024
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
Surace water
-
Groundwater
258,963.42
-
Third-pary water
332,277.49
-
Seawater/desalinated water
-
Others
249,362.50
-
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters)
840,603.41
-
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters)
824,688.16
-
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed/turnover)
0.70
-
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
Into Surace water
-
- No treatment
-
Into Groundwater
-
- No treatment
-
Into Seawater
-
- No treatment
-
Sent to third paries
-
- No treatment
15,915.25
-
Others
-
- No treatment
-
Total water discharged (in kiloliters)
15,915.25
-
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency.
(Y/N) If yes, the name of the external agency

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
2.
Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & their intensity
Parameter
Unit
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tons of CO2
269,567.38
247,460.00
Total Scope 3 emission per rupee of turnover (Total Scope
3 GHG emissions/Revenue from operations)
Metric tons of CO2
equivalent/million ₹
0.23
Total Scope 3 emission intensity in terms of physical
Metric tons of CO2
equivalent/FTE
1.21
1.09
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency. (Y/N)
If yes, the name of the external agency
3.
With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas repored in Question 11 of the essential indicators above, provide
details of the significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along with prevention and
remediation activities.
Not applicable
4.
If the entity has underaken any specific initiative or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions/effluent discharge/waste generated, please provide details of the same
as well as the outcome of such initiatives:
Initiative
underaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided along-with
summary)
Outcome of the
initiative
1.
Increased in
Renewable
Energy
Consumption
As par of its long-term commitment to reducing its carbon footprint, the
company has set a target to source 80% of its electricity from renewable
sources - such as wind, solar, and hydro - by 2030. So far, 34.38% of the
company s global electricity needs have been met through renewable energy,
amounting to 89,845.78 MWh. Of this, 58,263.35 MWh was consumed
by facilities in India - including 2,615.55 MWh generated from onsite solar
installations - and 31,582.43 MWh was utilised across global (Geo) locations.
This shift to cleaner energy has contributed to a total emissions reduction
of 45,425.35 tCO2e. Of this, 42,357.46 tCO2e was reduced across Indian
operations and 3,067.90 tCO2e across Geo locations, underscoring the
company s progress toward decarbonising its energy consumption globally.
This has enabled the
Company to reduce
carbon footprint
by 45,425.35
tCO2e (Tons of
Carbon dioxide
equivalent) out of
which 42,357.46
tCO2e in India and
of 3,067.90 tCO2e in
Geo locations.
2.
High Side
HVAC System
Efficiency
Improvement
By upgrading the chiller systems to magnetic chillers, enhancing control
measures, retrofiting the cooling towers, replacing fills, and increasing
the cooling tower approach activities, the company managed to save
around 385.90 MWh of energy. This also helped cut down greenhouse
gas emissions by approximately 280.55 tons of CO2 equivalent.
Saved 385.90 MWh
of energy and has
helped to reduce
280.55 tCO2e of
3.
Low Side
HVAC System
Efficiency
Improvement
The Company has made some upgrades to the low side of our HVAC
systems across major facilities to boost efficiency. This included installing
energy-saving units, upgrading to energy-efficient VRF and DX systems,
replacing old belt-driven motors on AHUs with more efficient EC fans,
and optimizing HVAC through activities like consolidating UPS systems.
These changes helped the company save about 1,542.84 MWh of energy
and cut down emissions by approximately 1121.65 tons of CO2 equivalent.
Saved 1,542.84 MWh
of energy and has
helped to reduce
1121.65 tCO2e of
4.
Technology
Adoption
We ve upgraded the AHU s conventional motors with more efficient EC fans,
improved overall perormance by using HVLS fans, and connected the AHU
fan motors to VFDs for beter control. Besides, we ve optimized the cooling
tower operations with SBR, which collectively saved around 443.66 MWh of
energy and reduced CO2 emissions by about 322.54 tons of CO2 equivalent.
443.66. MWh of
absolute energy
consumption and
has helped to
reduce 322.54 tCO2e
5.
Effective
Utilization of
UPS
Based on how much power the UPS systems need, we ve upgraded
to more energy-efficient units and fine-tuned the backup capacity
by shuting down cerain systems when they re not needed. We ve
also added passive filters to help improve efficiency. These changes
have led to saving about 1,268.48 MWh of energy and reducing CO2
emissions by around 922.19 tons of CO2 equivalent.
1,268.48 MWh and
emission reduction
of 922.19 tCO2e.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Initiative
underaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided along-with
summary)
Outcome of the
initiative
6.
Energy
Efficient
Lighting
Control
The company decided to ramp up its effors to use more LED lighting
across all its facilities - think workspaces, cafes, pantries, pathways,
outdoor areas, and basements. We also added smar features like
motion sensors and daylight harvesting to make sure the lights are only
switched on when needed. These changes helped optimize lighting
usage and cut down on energy waste. Overall, this saved about 123.53
MWh of energy, which also meant cuting down roughly 89.81 tons of
CO2 equivalent emissions.
123.53. MWh of
absolute energy
consumption
reduction, thereby
reducing 89.81
tCO2e emissions.
7.
Water
Conservation
The company upped its water-saving effors by making smar tweaks to
reduce water flow. We combined Scale Bio removal with de-ionization
in the cooling tower and also automated the garden sprinklers. All these
changes added up to saving around 2.051 million liters of water
Enabled company
to save 2.051 million
liters of water
8.
Transpor
Sustainability
Electric
Vehicles
FY 2023-24 the successful launch of electric vehicles (EVs) in
Hyderabad and Bangalore marked a significant step towards our
sustainability goals. By implementing long-term contracts for EV
operations, the company has achieved a total emission reduction of
823.66 tCO2e compared to diesel-operated vehicles for FY 2024-25.
Hyderabad: Effective from August 1, 2023, we signed contracts
with suppliers and began with 15Nos electric fleet vehicles. This
number increased to 116Nos fleet vehicles, enabling us to perorm
75% of daily trips using EVs by Mar 25. This initiative resulted in a
reduction of 395.82 tCO2e emissions.
Bangalore: Effective from January 20, 2024, we signed a contract
with our first supplier and began with 15Nos electric fleet vehicles.
This number gradually increased to 90+ EVs, covering 75% of
daily sedan trips by Mar 25. This initiative resulted in a reduction
at Bangalore - Jigani of 422.56 tCO2e emissions. At Bangalore
- ROB, EV operations stared operating from 1st Dec 24 with
7 EV with existing supplier and reached 13 EV by Mar 25. This
initiative resulted in a reduction at Bangalore - ROB of 5.29 tCO2e
emissions. The overall reduction at Bangalore region of 427.84
tCO2e emissions.
By implementing
long-term contracts
for EV operations,
the company has
achieved a total
emission reduction
of 823.66 tCO2e
compared to diesel-
operated vehicles
for FY 2024-25.
5.
Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
HCLTech has a robust business continuity plan. The detail of the business continuity plan is as follows:
Technological, geopolitical, societal, economic, and environmental risks are all coming together to create an
intrinsically complex and fast-changing global risk landscape.
The Company s reputation as a 21st Century Enterprise is often measured by its resilience to threats, and how efficiently
the Company responds to and manages business disruptions. HCLTech is commited to its employees, clients, and
interested paries to ensure that necessary effors are made to safeguard life and safety of personnel, protect propery,
and resume critical services at predefined levels in the event of any untoward incident.
To meet the organizational continuity objective, the Company has made significant effors towards Crisis Management
and Resilience planning to ensure effective response, prioritized recovery of its time-sensitive operations, and
mitigation of potential business continuity risks.
Crisis and Resilience ( C&R ) Program falls under the purview of Risk and Compliance function headed by the Chief Risk
Officer of HCLTech. The C&R Program is guided by the Board, led by subject mater expers, and is based on ISO 22301
standard & global best practices. The Company underakes active engagement with ecosystem parners for real-time
horizon scanning of risks and early warning signals. The Company has embedded Resilience-by Design philosophy
in the firm across different dimensions of the new-normal including resilience in work, personnel, workplace,
technology, supply chain, and leadership.
The Company has stared integrating climate change risks into each of these dimensions and their business continuity/
contingency planning solutions.
Being an IT/ITeS provider, there is a potential that Company s operations may be affected due to core-technical risks
materializing in Company s environment like technology failures, programming errors, cyberatacks etc. In order to
mitigate these risks, the Company has embedded Resilience-by-Design across the firm through:

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25

Batle hardened Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Plans including Cyber Incident readiness

Geographically dispersed Data Centers

Robust multi-vendor MPLS & Internet Network

Scalable Work from Home (WFH) Computing capability with stringent security controls
HCLTech s Exercising and Testing Framework provides a comprehensive approach to validate effectiveness of the
business continuity strategies implemented across the organization. The Company conducts exercises at facility, city,
country level(s) based on nature, scale, and complexity of operations. Types of business continuity exercises include (1)
Call Tree, (2) Tabletop and (3) Simulation.
Furhermore, the Company s Crisis Management Framework provides agile response, timely communication with
internal and external stakeholders, and recovery & restoration based on the rapidly evolving global threat landscape,
which includes climate threats.
6.
Disclose any significant adverse impact on the environment arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation
or adaptation measure has been taken by the entity in this regard
Our Request for Proposals (RFPs), at the vendor selection stage, incorporate ESG criteria to ensure that sustainability
is a factor in supplier selection. Suppliers are evaluated based on their commitment to ESG standards, which helps
us align our supply chain practices with our sustainability goals. We also employ a risk-based assessment approach
to vendor onboarding which includes various aspects of the vendor operations, including adherence to ESG criteria
along with pre-qualification on E&OHS (Environment & Occupational Health and Safety) parameters ensuring that the
supplier meet our standards for sustainability and ethical practices. This helps the Company to proactively address
the issues before onboarding the parner. As the risks are mitigated at source level, no significant adverse impact on
environment associated with value chain of entity was identified.
7.
Percentage of value chain parners (by the value of business done with such parners) that were assessed for
environmental impacts
No. of value
chain parners
assessed
% of value chain parners (by the
value of businesses done with
such parners) that were assessed
Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment,
arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or
adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard
72%
No significant adverse impacts identified
8.
How many green credits have been generated or procured?
HCLTech, through HCLFoundation, drives tree plantation activities. In total, we have planted over 3.2 million saplings.
However, these tree plantation drives are not registered under the Green Credit Program. Hence, not applicable.
Principle - 7 Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do
so in a manner that is responsible and transparent.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the
entity is a member of/ affiliated to:
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations
Reach of trade and industry
chambers/ associations
(State/National)
National Association of Software and Service companies ( NASSCOM )
International
Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII )
International
Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India
International
US Chamber of Commerce
International
USIBC (US India Business Council)
International
USISPF (US India Strategic Parnership Forum)
International
Australia-India Business Council
International
Indo-French Chamber of Commerce and Industry
International
Japan Chamber of Commerce & Industry in India
International
Trans-Tasman Business Circle
International

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
2.
Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the entity,
based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority
Brief of the case
Corrective action taken
There were no adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
Public policy advocated
Method resored to such
advocacy
Whether
information
is available
in the public
domain?
(Yes/No)
Frequency of
Review by Board
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarerly/
Others - please
Web Link, if available
Extension of flexible
hybrid working model in
the SEZs for IT industry
for a period of three years
staring Jan 1, 2025
Paricipation in meetings
organized by NASSCOM
to share industry view
and rationale for the
extension
Yes
NA
Grant of Industry Status
to IT sector in Utar
Pradesh
Representations
made to the State
Government directly
and through industry
associations such as
NASSCOM, etc.
Yes
NA
Digital Personal
Data Protection Act,
2023 (DPDP Act)
Recommendations
submited on Draft DPDP
Rules 2025
Paricipated in
the consultation
process facilitated by
NASSCOM; Submited
recommendations on
DPDP Rules 2025
Yes
NA
Ministry of Electronics
and Information
Technology (MEITY)
published a repor on AI
Governance Guidelines
Development for public
consultation on January
6, 2025
Submited inputs for the
repor to NASSCOM
Yes
NA
Submited suggestions
for New Roadmap for
Australia s Economic
Engagement with India
launched in Victoria by
the Prime Minister, the
Foreign Minister and the
Trade Minister
Directly engaging with
the Ministry and through
chambers
Yes
htps://www.dfat.
gov.au/sites/default/
files/new-roadmap-
australias-economic-
engagement-india.pdf
Submission of Safe and
Responsible Arificial
Intelligence in Health
Care - Legislation and
Regulation Review in
Australia
Meetings, Advocacy
Yes
htps://consultations.
health.gov.au/
medicare-benefits-
and-digital-
health-division/
safe-and-responsible-
arificial-intelligence-
in-he/

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Public policy advocated
Method resored to such
advocacy
Whether
information
is available
in the public
domain?
(Yes/No)
Frequency of
Review by Board
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarerly/
Others - please
Web Link, if available
Proposed Mandatory
Guardrails for AI
Australian Tech Industry
roundtable by Dept of
Industries
Meetings with the Dept
of Industries
No
NA
Guardrails for AI in US
Meetings, Submission of
inputs to chambers
No
NA
Responsible AI in US
Meetings, Advocacy
No
NA
Principle - 8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
Essential Indicators
Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects underaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year.
Not Applicable
2.
Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resetlement (R&R) is being underaken by your
entity.
Not Applicable
Note: HCLTech is not involved in any land acquisition, infrastructure development projects as per the Right to Fair
Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resetlement Act, 2013 Act, therefore,
information regarding the above indicators is not applicable.
3.
Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
The corporate social responsibility agenda for HCLTech is delivered by HCLFoundation. IT deeply upholds the value
of accountability and aims to accept, assess, and resolve feedback or complaints received from the community of
stakeholders ranging from but not limited to HCLFoundation employees, HCLTech employees, volunteers, third-pary
employees, consultants associated with Company s projects, NGO parners, social sector organizations, government
authorities, program paricipants, community members and others. Any deviation from the law of the land, HCLTech
Code of Conduct or HCLFoundation Child Protection Policy by any stakeholder associated with Company s programs/
projects is taken up seriously for review and redressal via multi-pronged, scientific and transparent channels.
HCLFoundation aims to ensure that every stakeholder is provided with a safe environment to share their concerns/
grievances. A high level of confidentiality is maintained in sensitive maters to respect and maintain the dignity of the
complainant. Redressal of grievances is carried out as per the nature of grievance, based on guidelines defined in the
organization s policies. HCLTech s Corporate Social Responsibility Policy can be accessed through this link htps://www.
hcltech.com/corporate/corporate-social-responsibility-policy and Child Protection Policy can be accessed through this
link: htps://www.hclfoundation.org/sites/default/files/reading-material/2024-03/child_protection_policy_handbook.pdf
4.
Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers
10%
11.58%
Directly from within India
83%
93.00%
Note: Data perains to procurement in India.
5.
Job creation in smaller towns - Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed
on a permanent or non-permanent/on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost
Location
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Rural
Semi-urban
Urban
Metropolitan
100%
(Note: Places categorized as per RBI Classification System for rural/semi-urban/urban/metropolitan.)

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Leadership Indicators
1.
Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the social impact assessments
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above)
Not Applicable
2.
Provide the following information on CSR projects underaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as
identified by government bodies:
No
State
Aspirational District
Amount Spent (in ₹)
Chhatisgarh
Bastar
18,229,006
Chhatisgarh
Korba
2,500,000
Karnataka
Raichur
675,675
Karnataka
Yadgir
675,675
Madhya Pradesh
Guna
7,625,850
Madhya Pradesh
Vidisha
3,333,333
Nagaland
Kiphire
208,333
Rajasthan
Karauli
3,750,000
Tamil Nadu
Ramanathapuram
12,236,784
3.(a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising
marginalized/vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
Yes, the company has implemented a procurement policy that emphasizes the advancement of small, local, and
diverse businesses. The definition of diverse may vary depending on the country, but IT generally encompasses
underrepresented segments of the population such as local minorities, gender, veteran, sexual orientation, disability,
economically disadvantaged, and others.
(b) From which marginalized/vulnerable groups do you procure
We identify following as marginalized/vulnerable - Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Women Business Enterprise
(WBE), Self-Cerified Small Disadvantaged Business (SC-SDB), Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE), Woman-
Owned Small Business (WOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business (ED-WOSB), HUB
Zone (HUBZone), Veteran Owned Business (VET), MSME (Micro-Small-Medium Enterprise) - India Only, Historically
Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU), Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender (LGBT), Alaskan Native (ANC), Disabled,
AbilityOne Program, Small Business Enterprise (SBE), Airpor Concession Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (ACDBE),
B-BBEE (Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment),SME (Small to Medium sized Enterprise) - UK Only, SBA 8(a),
Service Disabled Veteran (SDVET).
(c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does IT constitute
Globally, our diverse spending is 21% of the total procurement spend. For combined US, Canada & UK, the spend is 31%
of total procurement spend of these geographies.
4.
Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properies owned or acquired by your entity (in the
current financial year), based on traditional Knowledge
Not Applicable
5.
Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual propery-related disputes
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Not Applicable

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
6.
Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
CSR Project
No. of persons
benefited from
CSR Projects
% of
beneficiaries
from
vulnerable and
marginalized
groups
HCLFoundation s flagship program, UDAY, is designed to break the cycle of
urban povery in the immediate neighborhoods of the city, where HCLTech
has a presence. Currently, the program operates in eleven cities throughout
India, including Noida, Chennai, Bengaluru, Lucknow, Nagpur, Madurai,
Vijayawada, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, and Pune
1,240,452
100%
The HCLTech Grant is a flagship program of HCLFoundation, which
recognizes, strengthens, and empowers NGOs working in the field of
rural development. The grant is awarded to PAN India in three thematic
categories: Environment, Health, and Education
2,193,507
100%
HCLFoundation s flagship environment action program, Harit, aims to
promote the conservation, restoration, and enhancement of indigenous
environmental systems in a sustainable manner through community
engagement. The program is currently operational in eighteen states of
India, namely Utar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra
Pradesh, Telangana, Odisha, West Bengal, Utarakhand, Rajasthan, Madhya
Pradesh, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland
and Tripura.
52,254
100%
Samuday is a flagship program that pioneers sustainable, scalable, and
replicable models for the economic and social development of rural areas.
This program is run in parnership with central and state governments, local
communities, NGOs, knowledge institutions, and allied parners. Crafting an
integrated approach, Samuday implements effective interventions across
the areas of Agriculture, Education, Health, Infrastructure, Livelihood, and
WASH (Water, Sanitation & Hygiene). The program focuses on creating a
source code for the comprehensive development of rural areas of Hardoi &
Thoothukudi.
3,015,612
100%
My Clean City is a program aimed at implementing effective solid waste
management in Noida and Greater Noida through the transformation of
cities into waste-free regions by covering residential welfare associations
and urban villages through a range of sustainable strategies.
654,160
100%
HCLFoundation is dedicated to assisting the country during times of
calamity, whether natural or man-made. The Foundation s Disaster Risk
Reduction and Management (DRR/M) effors in India includes mitigation,
relief and response, rehabilitation, and build-back-beter projects. The
program strives to mitigate the effect of catastrophes and humanitarian
crises by supporing people in need.
438,578
100%
Principle - 9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a
responsible manner
Essential Indicators
1.
Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
HCLTech has an institutionalized process to help clients raise grievances and complaints related to its business
conduct. This includes:
Customer Advisory Board (CAB) - This consists of CXOs from our strategic accounts, across a variety of industries. The
CAB member s perspectives, insights, and directional guidance help HCLTech to beter address clients.

CREST - Through a governance framework called CREST, HCLTech has institutionalized the process of cadence
meetings and the process of checking in regularly with clients. Any client complaints or escalations as received by
the LOB heads are picked up by the respective delivery owners, and actions are taken to address their concerns.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
This is then reviewed as a par of the Quarerly Business Review ( QBR ) or Executive Business Review ( EBR ) which
is atended by the LOB heads along with clients and tracked as a par of CREST.

ACSAT & PCSAT - HCLTech measures client satisfaction both at the project level as well as engagement level.
At project level, HCLTech, under its Project CSAT (PCSAT) initiative, surveys 4000+ projects to monitor client
satisfaction for each project, while once a year, an independent third pary conducts an account-level CSAT
(ACSAT) to provide a health check on client engagement and relationships, benchmarked against competitors.

CRISP - HCLTech has a unique framework called CRISP which is adopted across the organization to act on client
feedback. Taking action on client feedback is the key tenet of client centricity and has helped us improve the
relationship with Client and enhance our services over the years. CRISP is an acronym for Client Relationship
Improvement and Solutioning Parnership.

HCLTech s account management teams also connect with their respective clients on a monthly basis to capture
their feedback and highlight the same internally. The account teams accordingly take proactive actions to prevent
any dissatisfaction.

HCLTech also has an effective Whistleblower Policy which defines and lays down the process for raising a
complaint for any stakeholder, including our clients. They can write to whistleblower@hcltech.com wherein any
complaints related to Unethical and Improper Practices will be dealt with by this Policy. Any HR related complaints
are forwarded to hear@hcltech.com.
Together these mechanisms ensure HCLTech is well equipped to proactively handle any complaints/grievances on any
of the 9 governing principles.
2.
Turnover of products and/or services as a percentage of turnover from all products/services that carry information
about:
Pariculars
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the
product
Not Applicable
Safe and responsible usage
Not Applicable
Recycling and/or safe disposal
Not Applicable
Note: HCLTech does not produce any physical products; therefore, information regarding the above indicators is not
3.
Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
Pariculars
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Received
Pending
at end of
Remarks
Received
Pending
at end of
Remarks
Data privacy
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Adverising
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Cyber-security
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Delivery of essential services
Not
Applicable
Not
Applicable
-
Not
Applicable
Not
Applicable
-
Restrictive Trade Practices
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Unfair Trade Practices
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Other
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Note: Incidents were assessed based on HCLTech s materiality thresholds. Only material incidents are repored.
4.
Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Pariculars
Number
Reasons for recalls
Voluntary recalls
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Forced recalls
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Note: HCLTech does not produce any physical products; therefore, information regarding the above indicators is not

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
5.
Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available,
provide a web link to the policy.
HCLTech has established a comprehensive framework along with supporing policies and processes to address
cybersecurity and data privacy risks in the rapidly evolving threat landscape. This framework delineates the principles,
guidelines, and measures aimed at safeguarding digital assets and protecting sensitive information. IT includes risk
assessment procedures, mitigation strategies, incident response protocols, and regular compliance checks to ensure
conformity with legal and regulatory standards.
The cybersecurity practices at HCLTech are aligned with the Global NIST cyber security framework and international
industry security standards such as ISO 27001:2022. HCLTech s privacy program is suppored by an enterprise-wide
Privacy & Data Protection Framework that is tailored to accommodate HCLTech s operations, nature, scope and
sensitivity of personal data, legal, regulatory, contractual obligations, risks to data, and defined privacy principles and
privacy standards such as ISO 27701 Privacy Information Management System, more details about the program are
available at Privacy Trust Center | HCLTech.
HCLTech has established minimum baseline control standards and a defense in depth approach to ensure privacy and
cyber security controls are embedded throughout the asset, identity, and data lifecycle.
Continuous validation of controls such as vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, breach & atack simulation
(e.g., phishing simulations) etc. covering all infrastructure and application assets is perormed to continually manage
our risk posture.
A 24x7 Cyber Defense Center is established to Identify and respond to any potential threats to HCLTech environment.
The effectiveness of the privacy and cyber security controls at HCLTech is monitored and tested internally by an
independent internal audit team as well as by independent external third paries on a periodic basis. At HCLTech, we
take pride in pursuing ways to enhance privacy and cyber security knowledge and awareness and embed a culture of
privacy and data protection throughout the organization.
Employees and third-pary resources undergo mandatory enterprise-wide privacy and cyber security training covering
key privacy and cyber security concepts, principles, laws, best practices, and contractual obligations. HCLTech has
also created an extensive network of privacy & cyber security champions who play a critical role in embedding and
reinforcing privacy and cyber security knowledge and best practices at an operational level. All policies, processes and
training and awareness content is hosted on HCLTech s intranet porals and available to all users.
The Privacy and Cyber Security programs at HCLTech are overseen by the Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) and Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO), respectively. HCLTech has also appointed an external global Data Protection
Officer to provide assurances, accountability, and independence as is necessary for complying with privacy laws.
Furher as a proactive measure and to ensure enhanced protection of personal data processed globally at HCLTech
offices, we have documented and implemented our Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) framework and are in the process
of seeking approval for our BCR applications both as a data controller and processor from EU/EEA data protection
authorities.
HCL Tech s global privacy policy sets out the mandate for the organization regarding personal data processing
activities both as a controller and data processor. The policy requires all processing activities to be lawful and
comply with a defined set of privacy principles outlined in the privacy policy such as purpose limitation, necessity and
proporionality, data minimization, security, and storage limitation, etc. HCLTech only processes personal data for the
purpose IT was collected and in line with legal requirements, secondary use of data without an individual s permission is
not recommended. HCLTech respects the rights of data subjects and has enabled an easy-to-use and external-facing
Data Subject Rights Poral for data subjects to exercise their rights as per applicable laws and regulations.
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to adverising, and delivery of essential
services; cyber security and data privacy of clients; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty/action
taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products/services.
HCLTech has a well-defined, Information Cyber Security and Privacy Incident Handling Procedure covering Security
and privacy incidents. Any incidents repored to the Incident Response team are Triaged as per the process, Incident
Response Playbook is followed, IT s analyzed for the root cause, and corrective & preventive action is taken.
No repored incident is underway with Regulators.
7.
Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches
Two, no material breaches
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of clients
Zero data breaches involving personally identifiable information of clients

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches
There was no material impact in any incident of data breach
Note: Incidents were assessed based on HCLTech s materiality thresholds. Only material incidents are repored.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if
available)
htps://www.hcltech.com
2.
Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
We educate our clients and consumers about the responsible use of AI, that addresses the aspects of bias, ethics,
accountability, safety in development and deployment of AI.
3.
Mechanism in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
Not applicable
4.
Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws?
(Yes/No/Not Applicable) If Yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer
satisfaction relating to major products/services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the
entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
HCLTech does not produce any physical products; therefore, information regarding the above indicators is not
HCLTech believes that customer engagement is a strategic collaboration to manage, fulfill & add value.
A-CSAT is a comprehensive customer feedback framework to gather customer inputs and feedback that helps us
enhance our services and align with customer expectations. Every year, HCLTech reaches out to 4000+ customer
stakeholders across 600+ global accounts for sharing with us their invaluable feedback on services offered by us. The
Survey is administered by an independent third-pary consultant across all geographies.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Our Conclusion
Reasonable level of Assurance- BRSR Core
Based on our review and procedures followed for a reasonable level of assurance, DNV
is of the opinion that, in all material aspects the BRSR Core Key Perormance Indicators
(KPIs) under 9 ESG atributes (as listed in Annexure I of this statement) for FY 2024-25
are repored in accordance with reporing requirements outlined in Industry Standard
on Reporing of BRSR Core.
Limited Level of Assurance- BRSR Disclosures
On the basis of the assessment underaken, nothing has come to our atention to
suggest that the non-financial disclosures (as listed in Annexure I of this statement)
in BRSR do not properly adhere to the reporing requirements as per BRSR reporing
guidelines in Annexure 16 of SEBI s Master Circular.
Scope of Work and Boundary
The scope of our engagement includes a reasonable level of
assurance for the BRSR Core indicators and a limited Level
of Assurance for the remaining non-financial disclosures in
BRSR, for the Financial Year (FY) 2024-25.
Reasonable assurance of BRSR Core: Boundary covers the
perormance of HCLTech operations that fall under the
direct operational control of the Company s Legal structure.
Based on the agreed scope with the Company, the boundary
of reasonable assurance covers the operations of HCLTech
across all global locations, unless otherwise stated in the
table below.
BRSR Core Atribute
Boundary for reasonable
Assurance
Atribute 4: Embracing
circularity - details related to
waste management by the
entity
India Locations
Atribute 7: Enabling Inclusive
Development
India Locations
Limited assurance of rest non-financial disclosures in
BRSR: Boundary for limited assurance of rest non-financial
disclosures in BRSR covers the operations of HCLTech across
all global locations, unless otherwise specified in the repor.
This boundary for limited assurance also applies to the BRSR
Core atribute-related disclosures as mentioned in the table
above and cross-references, except where the BRSR repor
explicitly specifies that cerain disclosures are applicable only
to India operations.
Our competence, and Independence
DNV applies its own management standards and
compliance policies for quality control, which are
based on the principles enclosed within ISO/IEC
17029:2019- Conformity Assessment - General
principles and requirements for validation and
verification bodies and accordingly maintains a
comprehensive system of quality control including
documented policies and procedures regarding
compliance with ethical requirements, professional
standards, and applicable legal and regulatory
requirements. DNV has complied with the Code of
Conduct during the assurance engagement. DNV s
established policies and procedures are designed
to ensure that DNV, its personnel and, where
applicable, others are subject to independence
requirements (including personnel of other entities
of DNV) and maintain independence where required
by relevant ethical requirements.
This engagement work was carried out by an
independent team of sustainability assurance
professionals. During the reporing period i.e.
FY 2024-25, DNV, to the best of its knowledge, was
not involved in any non-audit/non-assurance work
with the Company and its Group entities which
could lead to any Conflict of Interest. DNV was
not involved in the preparation of any statements
or data included in the Repor except for this
Assurance Statement. DNV maintains complete
impariality toward stakeholders interviewed during
the assurance process.
HCL Technologies Ltd (Corporate Identity Number L74140DL1991PLC046369, hereafter referred to as HCLTech or the
Company ) commissioned DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited ( DNV , us or we ) to underake an independent
and reasonable level of assurance of the Company s disclosures in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Repor
(hereafter referred as BRSR ). The disclosures include the BRSR Core atributes as per Annexure 17A and the non-financial
disclosures as per Annexure 16 of the Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155, dated November 11, 2024.
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
to the Management of HCL Technologies Ltd

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Reporing Criteria and Standards
The disclosures have been prepared by HCLTech in reference to:

Industry Standard on Reporing of BRSR Core, Circular No.: SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated Dec 20,
2024.

BRSR Core (Annexure 17A) and BRSR reporing guidelines (Annexure 16) as per Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/0155, dated November 11, 2024.

Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporing Standard.

ISO 14064-1:2018 - Specification with guidance at the organization level for quantification and reporing of greenhouse
gas emissions and removals
Assurance Methodology/Standard and Level of Assurance
This assurance engagement has been carried out in accordance with DNV s VeriSustainTM protocol, V6.0, which is based
on our professional experience and international assurance practice, and the international standard in Assurance
Engagements, ISAE 3000 (revised) - Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information. DNV s VeriSustainTM Protocol, V6.0 has been developed in accordance with the most widely accepted reporing
and assurance standards. DNV conducted Reasonable Level of assurance for BRSR Core KPIs under 9 ESG atributes; and
Limited Level of assurance for rest non-financial disclosures in BRSR.
Basis of our conclusion
As par of the assurance process, a multi-disciplinary team of assurance specialists perormed assurance work for selected
sites of HCLTech. We carried out the following activities:
BRSR Core Indicators - Reasonable level of Assurance
Rest non-financial disclosures in BRSR - Limited Level of
Assurance
Reviewed the disclosures under BRSR Core, encompassing
the framework for assurance consisting of a set of Key
Perormance Indicators (KPIs) under 9 ESG atributes. The
Industry Standard on Reporing of BRSR Core used a basis
of reasonable level of assurance.
Reviewed the disclosures under BRSR reporing guidelines.
Our focus included general disclosures, management
processes, principle wise perormance (essential indicators,
and leadership indicators) and any other key metrics
specified under the reporing framework. The BRSR reporing
format used a basis of limited level of assurance.
Evaluation of the design and implementation of key
systems, processes and controls for collecting, managing
and reporing the BRSR Core indicators. Assessment of
operational control and reporing boundaries
Understanding the key systems, processes and controls
for collecting, managing and reporing the non-financial
disclosures in BRSR . Understand and test, on a sample basis
to evaluate adherence to the reporing principles.
Seek extensive evidence across all relevant areas,
ensuring a detailed examination of BRSR Core indicators.
Engaged directly with stakeholders to gather insights and
corroborative evidence for each disclosed indicator.
Collect and evaluate documentary evidence and
management representations supporing adherence to the
reporing principles. We adopted a risk-based approach, that
is, we concentrated our assurance effors on the issues of
high material relevance to the Company s business and its
key stakeholders.
DNV audit team conducted on-site audits for data
testing and also, to assess the uniformity in reporing
processes and also, quality checks at different locations
of the Company. Sites for data testing and reporing
system checks were selected based on the percentage
contribution each site makes to the repored indicator,
complexity of operations at each location (high/low/
medium) and reporing system within the organization.
Sites selected for audits are listed in Annexure II.
DNV audit team conducted on-site audits for corporate
offices and sites. Sample based assessment of site-specific
data disclosures was carried out. We were free to choose
sites for conducting our assessment.
In both the cases, DNV teams conducted the:

Interviews with selected senior managers responsible for management of disclosures and review of selected evidence
to suppor environmental KPIs and metrics disclosed the Repor. We were free to choose interviewees and interviewed
those with overall responsibility of monitoring, data collation and reporing the selected indicators.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25

Verification of the consolidated repored perormance disclosures in context to the Principle of Completeness as per
VeriSustainTM Protocol, V6.0 for both reasonable level and limited level of assurance for the disclosures.
Inherent Limitations
DNV s assurance engagement assume that the data and information provided by the Company to us as par of our review
have been provided in good faith, is true, complete, sufficient, and authentic, and is free from material misstatements. The
assurance scope has the following limitations:

The assurance engagement considers an uncerainty of 5% based on materiality threshold for estimation/
measurement errors and omissions.

DNV has not been involved in evaluation or assessment of any financial data/perormance of the company. DNV s
opinion on specific BRSR Core Atribute 8 on Number of days of accounts payable , Atribute 9 Open-ness of
business and all sections of BRSR indicators where currency or INR has been applied relies on the third pary audited
financial repors of the Company. DNV does not take any responsibility of the financial data repored in the audited
financial repors of the Company.

The assessment is limited to data and information within the defined Reporing Period. Any data outside this period is
not considered within the scope of assurance.

Data outside the operations specified in the assurance boundary is excluded from the assurance, unless explicitly
mentioned otherwise in this statement.

The assurance does not cover the Company s statements that express opinions, claims, beliefs, aspirations,
expectations, aims, or future intentions. Additionally, asserions related to Intellectual Propery Rights and other
competitive issues are beyond the scope of this assurance.

The assessment does not include a review of the Company s strategy or other related linkages expressed in the Repor.
These aspects are not within the scope of the assurance engagement.

The assurance does not extend to mapping the Repor with reporing frameworks other than those specifically
mentioned. Any assessments or comparisons with frameworks beyond the specified ones are not considered in this
engagement.

Aspects of the Repor that fall outside the mentioned scope and boundary are not subject to assurance. The
assessment is limited to the defined parameters.

The assurance engagement does not include a review of legal compliances. Compliance with legal requirements is not
within the scope of this assurance, and the Company is responsible for ensuring adherence to relevant laws.
Responsibility of the Company
HCLTech has the sole responsibility for the preparation of the BRSR and is responsible for all information disclosed in the
BRSR Core and BRSR. The company is responsible for maintaining processes and procedures for collecting, analyzing
and reporing the information and also, ensuring the quality and consistency of the information presented in the Repor.
HCLTech is also responsible for ensuring the maintenance and integrity of its website and any referenced BRSR disclosures
on their website.
DNV s Responsibility
In perorming this assurance work, DNV s responsibility is to the Management of the Company; however, this statement
represents our independent opinion and is intended to inform the outcome of the assurance to the stakeholders of the
Company. DNV disclaims any liability or co-responsibility for any decision a person or entity would make based on this
assurance statement.
For DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited,
Chandan Sarkar
Anjana Sharma
Lead Verifier
Assurance Reviewer
Assurance Team: Jas Sahib Singh Chadha, Suraiya Rahman, R. Mohan Krishnan, Poornachander Maratha
04/07/2025, Bengaluru, India.

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
ANNEXURE I
1. BRSR Core Verified Data- for reasonable level of assurance
Stipulated as per BRSR Core provided by the company.
Atribute
BRSR Core Parameter
Unit
Verified Value for
FY 2024-25
Green-house
gas (GHG)
footprint
Total Scope 1 emissions
MT of CO2e
12,900.50
Total Scope 2 emissions
MT of CO2e
109,074.02
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity per rupee of turnover
million ₹
0.10
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
million USD adjusted for PPP
2.13
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity in terms of physical output
FTE
0.55
Water footprint
Total water consumption
KL
834,013.09
Water consumption intensity
KL/Million ₹
0.71
KL/Million USD adjusted for PPP
14.56
Water intensity in terms of physical
KL/FTE
3.73
Water Discharge by destination and
levels of Treatment
KL
15,915.25
Energy footprint
Total energy consumed
Gigajoules (GJ)
940,692.98
% of energy consumed from renewable
sources
In % terms
34.38%
Energy intensity
GJ/Million ₹
0.80
GJ/Million USD adjusted for PPP
16.42
GJ/FTE
4.21

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Atribute
BRSR Core Parameter
Unit
Verified Value for
FY 2024-25
Embracing
circularity -
details related
to waste
management by
the entity
Plastic waste (A)
MT
10.73
E-waste (B)
MT
156.30
Bio-medical waste (C)
MT
4.37
Construction and demolition waste (D)
MT
39.25
Batery waste (E)
MT
82.67
Radioactive waste (F)
MT
0.00
Other Hazardous Waste (G)
MT
21.68
Other Non-Hazardous Waste (H)
MT
1,488.01
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G+ H)
MT
1,803.01
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover
from operations
MT
0.0015
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity
(PPP)
MT/Million ₹
0.03
Waste intensity in terms of physical
MT/Million USD adjusted for PPP
0.0081
Total waste recovered through recycling,
re-using or other recovery operations
(i) Recycled
MT
1,660.28
(ii) Re-used
MT
Total
MT
1,660.28
Waste Recycled, Recovered /Total
Waste generated
%
92%
total waste disposed by nature of
disposal method
(i) Incineration
MT
9.17
(ii) Landfilling
MT
(iii) Other disposal options
MT
Total
MT
9.17
Waste disposed /Total Waste generated
%
1%
Enhancing
Employee
Wellbeing and
Safety
Spending on measures towards well-
being of employees and workers - cost
incurred as a % of total revenue of the
company (Excluding Workers)
In % terms
2.21%
Details of safety related incidents for
employees and workers (including
contract-workforce e.g. workers in the
company s construction sites)
Total recordable work-related
injuries
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
(LTIFR) (per one million-person
hours worked)
0.0088843
No. of fatalities
Enabling Gender
Diversity in
Business
Gross wages paid to females as % of
wages paid
In % terms
20.49%
Complaints on PoSH
Total Complaints on Sexual
Harassment (POSH) repored
Complaints on PoSH as a % of
female employees/workers
0.09%
Complaints on PoSH upheld

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Repor
Atribute
BRSR Core Parameter
Unit
Verified Value for
FY 2024-25
Enabling
Inclusive
Development
Input material sourced from following
sources as % of total purchases and from
within India
Directly sourced from MSMEs/
small producers
10%
Job creation in smaller towns - Wages
paid to persons employed in smaller
towns (permanent or non-permanent /on
contract) as % of total wage cost
Sourced directly from within India
83%
Location
Rural
0%
Semi-urban
0%
Urban
0%
Metropolitan
100%
Fairness in
Engaging with
Customers and
Suppliers
Instances involving loss/breach of data
of customers as a percentage of total
data breaches or cyber security events
In % terms
0%
Number of days of accounts payable
(Accounts payable *365)/Cost of
goods/services procured
44.40
Open-ness of
business
Concentration of purchases & sales done
with trading houses, dealers, and related
paries
Loans and advances & investments with
related paries
Purchases from trading houses as
% of total purchases
Not Applicable
Number of trading houses where
purchases are made from
Not Applicable
Purchases from top 10 trading
houses as % of total purchases
from trading houses
Not Applicable
Sales to dealers/distributors as %
of total sales
4.59%
Number of dealers/distributors to
whom sales are made
1,612
Sales to top 10 dealers/
distributors as % of total sales to
dealers/distributors
32.81%
Share of RPTs (as respective %age) in
Purchases
0.16%
Sales
0.03%
Loans & advances
0.00%
Investments
0.00%
2.
BRSR Disclosures- Limited level of assurance

Section A: General Disclosures- 20-a, b, 21, 22, 25

Section C: Principle Wise Perormance Disclosure-
-
Principle 1: Essential Indicator 1, 2;
-
Principle 3: Essential Indicator 1-a, b, 2, 5, 7, 8, 9, 11, 13, 14; Leadership Indicator 3, 5;
-
Principle 5: Essential Indicator 1, 2, 6, 10; Leadership Indicator 4;
-
Principle 6: Essential Indicator 6, Leadership Indicator 1, 2, 7;
-
Principle 8: Essential Indicator 4, 5; Leadership Indicator 1, 2, 3, 6;
ANNEXURE II - Sites selected for audits
S.no
Site
Location
1.
Corporate Office
NCR-Campus, Noida
2.
India Sites (onsite)
NCR-Campus, Noida, Chennai-Elcot Campus, Bengaluru - Jigani Campus
3.
India Sites (remote audit)
Madurai, Pune, Nagpur, Hyderabad, Lucknow
4.
International Sites (remote audit)
Canada-Mississauga, Vancouver; SriLanka- Colombo; Mexico-Minerva, Vista;
USA-Jersey City, Frisco, Parsippany; UK-London-3F & 6F, Watford-1F-2F

Standalone
Ind AS
Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements
Independent Auditor s Repor
Repor on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the standalone financial statements
of HCL Technologies Limited (the Company ) which
comprise the standalone balance sheet as at 31 March
2025, and the standalone statement of profit and loss
(including other comprehensive income), standalone
statement of changes in equity and standalone statement
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
standalone financial statements, including material
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid
standalone financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) in the manner
so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with
the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of
the state of affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2025,
and its profit and other comprehensive loss, changes in
equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards
on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the
Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are furher
described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section
of our repor. We are independent of the Company in
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute
of Charered Accountants of India together with the
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
standalone financial statements under the provisions of
the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the
standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Mater
Key audit maters are those maters that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the standalone financial statements of the current
period. These maters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
a separate opinion on these maters.
Evaluation of tax positions and litigations
See Note 1(h) and 3.27 to standalone financial statements
The key audit mater
How the mater was addressed in our audit
The Company is required to
estimate its income tax liabilities
in accordance with the tax laws
applicable in India. Furher, there are
maters of interpretation in terms of
application of tax laws and related
rules to determine current tax
provision and deferred taxes.
The Company has material tax
positions and litigations on a
range of tax maters. This requires
management to make significant
judgments to determine the
possible outcome of uncerain tax
positions and litigations and their
consequent impact on related
accounting and disclosures in the
standalone financial statements.
In view of the significance of the mater we applied the following audit procedures
in this area, among others to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:

testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the
Company s key controls over identifying uncerain tax positions and maters
involving litigations.

obtaining details of tax positions and tax litigations for the year and as at
31 March 2025 and holding discussions with designated management
personnel.

assessing and analysing select key correspondences with tax authorities and
inspecting external legal opinions obtained by management for key uncerain
tax positions and tax litigations.

evaluating underlying evidence and documentation to determine whether the
information provides a basis for amounts provided/not provided in the books of

involving our internal tax specialists and evaluating management s underlying
key assumptions in estimating the tax provisions and possible outcome of
material tax positions and litigations; and

in respect of uncerain tax positions and litigations, assessing the computation
of provisions and consequent impact on related accounting and disclosures in
the standalone financial statements.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Other Information
The Company s Management and Board of Directors
are responsible for the other information. The other
information comprises the information included in the
Company s Management Discussion and Analysis, Board s
Repor, including Annexures to Board s Repor, Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Repor and Corporate
Governance Repor, but does not include the financial
statements and auditor s repor thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does
not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial
statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the standalone
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have perormed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to repor that fact. We have nothing to
repor in this regard.
the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company s Management and Board of Directors are
responsible for the maters stated in Section 134(5) of the
Act with respect to the preparation of these standalone
financial statements that give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs, profit/loss and other comprehensive
income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company
in accordance with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act.
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of
the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company
and for preventing and detecting frauds and other
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls,
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant
to the preparation and presentation of the standalone
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the
Management and Board of Directors are responsible for
assessing the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, maters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing
the Company s financial reporing process.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the standalone financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue an auditor s repor that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these standalone financial statements.
As par of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the standalone financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, design and perorm audit
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant
to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for
expressing our opinion on whether the company has
adequate internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by the Management
and Board of Directors.

Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management
and Board of Directors use of the going concern
basis of accounting in preparation of standalone
financial statements and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncerainty
exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
a material uncerainty exists, we are required to
draw atention in our auditor s repor to the related
disclosures in the standalone financial statements
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s
repor. However, future events or conditions may
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going
concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the standalone financial statements,

Standalone Financial Statements
including the disclosures, and whether the standalone
financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance
regarding, among other maters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with
a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
communicate with them all relationships and other
maters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the maters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those maters that were of
most significance in the audit of the standalone financial
statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit maters. We describe these maters in our auditor s
repor unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the mater or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a mater should not be communicated
in our repor because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.
Repor on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Repor)
Order, 2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central
Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of the
Act, we give in the Annexure A a statement on the
maters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order,
to the extent applicable.
2. (A)As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we repor
that:
We have sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for the
purposes of our audit.
In our opinion, proper books of account as
required by law have been kept by the Company
so far as IT appears from our examination of
those books except for the maters stated in the
paragraph 2B(f) below on reporing under Rule
11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014.
The standalone balance sheet, the standalone
statement of profit and loss (including other
comprehensive income), the standalone
statement of changes in equity and the
standalone statement of cash flows dealt with
by this Repor are in agreement with the books of
In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified
under Section 133 of the Act.
On the basis of the writen representations
received from the directors as on 31 March 2025
and 1 April 2025 taken on record by the Board
of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified
as on 31 March 2025 from being appointed as a
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
The modifications relating to the maintenance of
accounts and other maters connected therewith
are as stated in the paragraph 2A(b) above on
reporing under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and
paragraph 2B(f) below on reporing under Rule
11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014.
With respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls with reference to financial
statements of the Company and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate Repor in Annexure B .
(B)
With respect to the other maters to be included in
the Auditor s Repor in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in
our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us:
The Company has disclosed the impact of
pending litigations as at 31 March 2025 on its
financial position in its standalone financial
statements - Refer income tax liabilities
disclosed in the balance sheet along with Note
3.27 and Note 3.35 to the standalone financial
statements.
The Company did not have any long-term
contracts including derivative contracts for
which there were any material foreseeable
losses.
There has been no delay in transferring amounts,
required to be transferred, to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the Company.
The management has represented that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in the Note 3.33 to the standalone
advanced or loaned or invested (either
from borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of funds) by
the Company to or in any other person(s)
or entity(ies), including foreign entities
( Intermediaries ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Intermediary shall directly or
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate
The management has represented that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in the Note 3.33 to the standalone
received by the Company from any person(s)
or entity(ies), including foreign entities
( Funding Paries ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Company shall directly or indirectly,
lend or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever by or
on behalf of the Funding Paries ( Ultimate
Based on the audit procedures that
have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing
has come to our notice that has caused
us to believe that the representations
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as
provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain any
material misstatement.
The interim dividend declared or paid by the
Company during the year and until the date of
this audit repor is in accordance with Section
123 of the Act.
Based on our examination which included test
checks, the Company has used accounting
softwares for maintaining its books of account
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit
log) facility except that the audit trail has been
enabled at the database level to log any direct
data changes from 1 June 2024 onwards. Except
for the period from 1 April 2024 to 31 May 2024
at database level, the audit trail facility has been
operating throughout the period for all relevant
transactions recorded in the software and we
did not come across any instance of audit trail
feature being tampered with during the course
of our audit. Additionally, where audit trail (edit
log) facility was enabled in the previous year, the
audit trail has been preserved by the Company
as per the statutory requirements for record
retention.
(C)
With respect to the mater to be included in the
Auditor s Repor under Section 197(16) of the Act:
In our opinion and according to the information and
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by
the Company to its directors during the current year
is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197
of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director is
not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197
of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not
prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of the
Act which are required to be commented upon by us.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.:101248W/W - 100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Membership No.: 092212
ICAI UDIN:25092212BMMJFH6190
Place : Gurugram
Date : 22 April 2025
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor s Repor on the
Standalone Financial Statements of HCL Technologies
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under Repor on Other Legal
and Regulatory Requirements section of our repor of
even date)
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records
showing full pariculars, including quantitative
details and situation of Propery, Plant and
Equipment.

(B) The Company has maintained proper records
showing full pariculars of intangible assets.
has a regular programme of physical verification
of its Propery, Plant and Equipment by which
all propery, plant and equipment are verified
in a phased manner over a period of 3 years.
In accordance with this programme, cerain
propery, plant and equipment were verified
during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity of
physical verification is reasonable having regard
to the size of the Company and the nature of its
assets. No discrepancies were noticed on such
verification.
of the records of the Company, the title deeds
of immovable properies (other than immovable
properies where the Company is the lessee
and the leases agreements are duly executed in
favour of the lessee) disclosed in the standalone
financial statements are held in the name of the
not revalued its Propery, Plant and Equipment

Standalone Financial Statements
(including Right of Use assets) or intangible
assets during the year.
of the records of the Company, there are no
proceedings initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any benami propery under
the Prohibition of Benami Propery Transactions
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii) (a)
The inventory, except stocks lying with third
paries, has been physically verified by the
management during the year. For stocks lying
with third paries at the year-end, writen
confirmations have been obtained. In our
opinion, the frequency of such verification is
reasonable and procedures and coverage as
followed by management were appropriate.
No discrepancies were noticed on verification
between the physical stocks and the book
records that were more than 10% in the
aggregate of each class of inventory.
not been sanctioned any working capital limits
in excess of five crore rupees in aggregate from
banks and financial institutions on the basis of
security of current assets at any point of time of
the year. Accordingly, clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order
is not applicable to the Company.

has not provided any guarantee or security
or granted any advances in the nature of
loans, secured or unsecured to companies,
firms, limited liability parnerships or any other
paries during the year. During the year, the
Company has made investments in companies
and other paries and has granted unsecured
loans in the nature of intercorporate deposits
in companies, in respect of which the requisite
information is as below. The Company has not
made any investments in firms and limited
liability parnerships. Furher, the Company has
not granted any loans, secured or unsecured to
firms, limited liability parnerships or any other
paries and not granted any secured loans to
Companies.
(a) (A) Based on the audit procedures carried on by
us and as per the information and explanations
given to us, the Company has not granted any
loans to subsidiaries. The Company does not
hold any investment in any associates and joint
venture (as defined under the Act) during the
year ended 31 March 2025.

(B) Based on the audit procedures carried on by
us and as per the information and explanations
given to us, the Company has granted loans
in the nature of intercorporate deposits to
paries other than subsidiaries, Joint venture and
associate as below:
Pariculars
Amount in INR
Crores
Aggregate amount during
the year - Others
1,251
Balance outstanding as at
balance sheet date - Others
1,300
given to us and based on the audit procedures
conducted by us, we are of the opinion that
the investment made and the terms and
conditions of the grant of loans in the nature
of intercorporate deposits are, prima facie, not
prejudicial to the interest of the company.
of the records of the Company, in the case
of loans given in the nature of intercorporate
deposits, the repayment of principal and
payment of interest has been stipulated and
the repayments or receipts have been regular.
Furher, the Company has not given any advance
in the nature of loan to any pary during the year.
of the records of the Company, there is no
overdue amount for more than ninety days
in respect of loans given in the nature of
intercorporate deposits. Furher, the Company
has not given any advances in the nature of
loans to any pary during the year.
of the records of the Company, there is no loan
in the nature of intercompany deposits falling
due during the year, which has been renewed
or extended or fresh loans in the nature of
intercompany deposits granted to setle the
overdues of existing loans given in the nature of
intercompany deposits to same paries.
not granted any loans or advances in the nature
of loans either repayable on demand or without
specifying any terms or period of repayment.

of records, the Company has not given any loans,

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
or provided guarantees or securities, as specified
under section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Furher, the Company has complied with the
provisions of Section 186 of the Companies
Act, 2013 in relation to investments made,
loans in the nature of intercorporate deposits
and guarantees given. The Company has not
provided security as specified under section 186
of the Companies Act, 2013.

The Company has not accepted any deposits or
amounts which are deemed to be deposits from
the public. Accordingly, clause 3(v) of the Order is

given to us, the Central Government has not
prescribed the maintenance of cost records
under Section 148(1) of the Act for the services
provided by IT. Accordingly, clause 3(vi) of the
(vii)
(a) The Company does not have liability in respect
of Service tax, Duty of excise, Sales tax and Value
added tax during the year since effective 1 July
2017, these statutory dues has been subsumed
into GST.
of the records of the Company, in our opinion,
undisputed statutory dues including Goods and
Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State
Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess
or other statutory dues have generally been
regularly deposited by the Company with the
appropriate authorities, though there have been
slight delays in payment of Duty of Customs.
of the records of the Company, no undisputed
amounts payable in respect of Goods and
Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State
Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess
or other statutory dues were in arrears as at 31
March 2025 for a period of more than six months
from the date they became payable.

(b) According to the information and explanations
of the records of the Company, statutory dues
relating to Goods and Service Tax, Income-Tax,
Duty of Customs or Cess or other statutory dues
which have not been deposited on account of
any dispute as at 31 March 2025 are as follows:
Statute
Nature of
the dues
Amount
in INR
Crores*
period to
which the
amount relates
Financial Year
( FY )
Forum where
dispute is pending
Income Tax
Act, 1961
Income
Tax
3,098.77
FY 2003-04, FY
2007-08, and
FY 2011-12 to
FY 2021-22
Commissioner
of Income Tax
(Appeals)
Income Tax
Act, 1961
Income
Tax
354.23
FY 2004-05, FY
FY 2006-07
FY 2008-09 to
FY 2010-11
Income Tax
Appellate Tribunal-
Delhi
Income Tax
Act, 1961
Income
Tax
14.70
FY 2006-07
Income Tax
Appellate Tribunal-
Mumbai
Income Tax
Act, 1961
Income
Tax
2.20
FY 2002-03, FY
2003-04 and
FY 2005-06
High Cour of Delhi
Income Tax
Act, 1961
Income
Tax
11.30
FY 2002-03 to
FY 2004-05
Hon ble Supreme
Cour of India
Goods and
Service Tax
Act, 2017
Goods
Service
Tax
0.34
FY 2018-19
Goods and Service
Tax Appellate
Tribunal, Utar
Pradesh
Goods and
Service Tax
Act, 2017
Goods
Service
Tax
0.26
FY 2017-18 & FY
Goods and Service
Tax Appellate
Tribunal, Telangana
Goods and
Service Tax
Act, 2017
Goods
Service
Tax
1.06
FY 2017-18 & FY
Joint Commissioner
Appeal, Bangalore
Goods and
Service Tax
Act, 2017
Goods
Service
Tax
1.02
FY 2018-19
Joint Commissioner
of State Tax,
Mumbai
Goods and
Service Tax
Act, 2017
Goods
Service
Tax
1.64
FY 2017-18,
FY 2018-19 and
FY 2019-20
Goods and Service
Tax Appellate
Tribunal, Utar
Pradesh
Customs
Act, 1962
Duty to
Customs
0.27
FY 2006-07
Service Tax
Delhi
Customs
Act, 1962
Duty to
Customs
2.21
FY 1997-98 to
FY 1999-00
Office of Assistant
Commissioner of
Customs, Mumbai
Customs
Act, 1962
Duty to
Customs
0.59
FY 2007-08
FY 2009-10 to
FY 2013-14
Service Tax
Mumbai
Finance
Service Tax
Rules,1994
Service
Tax
0.79
FY 2006-07
High Cour of
Allahabad
Finance
Service Tax
Rules,1994
Service
Tax
23.56
FY 2006-07 to
FY 2011-12
Service Tax
Allahabad

Standalone Financial Statements
Statute
Nature of
the dues
Amount
in INR
Crores*
period to
which the
amount relates
Financial Year
( FY )
Forum where
dispute is pending
Finance
Service Tax
Rules,1994
Service
Tax
1.18
FY 2007-10
High Cour of
Allahabad
Finance
Service Tax
Rules,1994
Service
Tax
2.06
April 2011 to
March 2015
Service Tax
Allahabad
Finance
Service Tax
Rules,1994
Service
Tax
0.21
FY 2011-12 to
FY 2012-13
Commissioner
Appeal, Central
Goods & Services
Tax, Utar Pradesh
Finance
Service Tax
Rules,1994
Service
Tax
6.27
FY 2014-15 and
Service Tax
Allahabad
*Total amount deposited under protest/adjusted against
refunds in respect of Income tax is INR 167 Crores and
guarantee given under protest is INR 310 crores.
(viii)

not surrendered or disclosed any transactions,
previously unrecorded as income in the books
of account, in the tax assessments under the
Income Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year.
(ix)
has not defaulted in repayment of loans
and borrowing or in the payment of interest
thereon to banks during the year. Furher, the
Company did not have any outstanding loans
or borrowings from financial institutions or any
other lender during the year.
has not been declared a wilful defaulter by any
bank or financial institution or government or
government authority.
and explanations given to us by the
management, the Company has not obtained
any term loans during the year and term loans
outstanding as on 31 March 2025 were fully
utilised in the respective periods for the purpose
for which the loans were obtained. Accordingly,
clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
given to us and on an overall examination of the
standalone financial statements of the Company,
we repor that no funds raised on shor-term
basis have been used for long-term purposes by
given to us and on an overall examination of the
standalone financial statements of the Company,
we repor that the Company has not taken any
funds from any entity or person on account of
or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries as
defined under the Act. The Company does not
hold any investment in any associates and joint
venture (as defined under the Act) during the
year ended 31 March 2025.
given to us and procedures perormed by us, we
repor that the company has not raised loans
during the year on the pledge of securities held
in its subsidiaries (as defined under Companies
Act, 2013). The Company does not hold any
investment in any associates or joint venture (as
defined under the Act) during the year ended 31
March 2025.
The Company has not raised any moneys by
way of initial public offer or furher public offer
(including debt instruments). Accordingly, clause
3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
not made any preferential allotment or private
placement of shares or fully or parly converible
debentures during the year. Accordingly, clause
3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
(xi)
During the course of our examination of
the books and records of the Company and
given to us, considering the principles of
materiality outlined in Standards on Auditing, we
repor that no fraud by the Company or on the
Company has been noticed or repored during
the year.
given to us, no repor under sub-section (12)
of Section 143 of the Act has been filed by the
auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule
13 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014 with the Central Government.
We have taken into consideration the whistle
blower complaints received by the Company
during the year while determining the nature,
timing and extent of our audit procedures.
(xii)
given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company.
Accordingly, clause 3(xii) of the Order is not

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
(xiii)
and explanations given to us, the transactions
with related paries are in compliance with
Section 177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable,
and the details of the related pary transactions
have been disclosed in the standalone financial
statements as required by the applicable
accounting standards.
(xiv) (a)
Based on information and explanations provided
to us and our audit procedures, in our opinion,
the Company has an internal audit system
commensurate with the size and nature of its
We have considered the internal audit repors of
the Company issued till date for the period under
audit.
(xv)
and explanations given to us, the Company has
not entered into any non-cash transactions with
its directors or persons connected to its directors
and hence, provisions of Section 192 of the Act
are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) (a)
The Company is not required to be registered
under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India
Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the
The Company is not required to be registered
under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India
Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the
The Company is not a Core Investment Company
(CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)
(c) of the Order is not applicable.
According to information and explanation given
to us during the course of audit, the group does
not have any CIC. Accordingly, the requirements
of clause 3(xvi)(d) are not applicable.
(xvii)
The Company has not incurred cash losses in
the current and in the immediately preceding
financial year.
(xviii)
There has been no resignation of the statutory
auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause
3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xix)
given to us and on the basis of the financial
ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation
of financial assets and payment of financial
liabilities, other information accompanying the
standalone financial statements, our knowledge
of the Board of Directors and management plans
and based on our examination of the evidence
supporing the assumptions, nothing has come
to our atention, which causes us to believe that
any material uncerainty exists as on the date of
the audit repor that the Company is not capable
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of
balance sheet as and when they fall due within a
period of one year from the balance sheet date.
We, however, state that this is not an assurance
as to the future viability of the Company. We
furher state that our reporing is based on the
facts up to the date of the audit repor and we
neither give any guarantee nor any assurance
that all liabilities falling due within a period of
one year from the balance sheet date, will get
discharged by the Company as and when they
fall due.
(xx)
and explanations given to us, there is no unspent
amount under sub-section (5) of Section 135
of the Act pursuant to any project. Accordingly,
clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) of the Order are not
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Membership No.: 092212
ICAI UDIN:25092212BMMJFH6190
Place: Gurugram
Date: 22 April 2025
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor s Repor on the
standalone financial statements of HCL Technologies
Repor on the internal financial controls with reference
to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under Repor on Other
Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our repor
of even date)
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements of HCL Technologies
Limited ( the Company ) as of 31 March 2025 in conjunction
with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the
Company for the year ended on that date.
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects,
adequate internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements and such internal financial controls
were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based
on the internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements criteria established by the Company

Standalone Financial Statements
considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls Over Financial Reporing issued by the Institute of
Charered Accountants of India (the Guidance Note ).
Internal Financial Controls
The Company s Management and the Board of Directors
are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal
financial controls based on the internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements criteria established
by the Company considering the essential components
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These
responsibilities include the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence
to company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets,
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records,
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information,
as required under the Act.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company s internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the
Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10)
of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perorm
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
adequate internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements were established and maintained
and if such controls operated effectively in all material
respects.
Our audit involves perorming procedures to obtain audit
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected
depend on the auditor s judgement, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion on the Company s internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to
Financial Statements
A company s internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporing and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
include those policies and procedures that (1) perain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management
override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections
of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements to future periods are
subject to the risk that the internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Membership No.: 092212
ICAI UDIN:25092212BMMJFH6190
Place: Gurugram
Date: 22 April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Note
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
ASSETS
(1)
Non-current assets
(a) Propery, plant and equipment
3.1
2,931
3,225
3.2
1,192
1,048
(d) Goodwill
3.3
7,215
6,549
3.4
4,880
5,511
(f) Financial assets
Investments
3.5
4,960
5,040
(ii) Trade receivables - unbilled
3.6(a)
(iii) Loans
3.7
(iv) Others
3.8
1,057
(g) Other non-current assets
3.10
Total non-current assets
23,468
22,762
(2)
Current assets
(a) Inventories
3.9
(b) Financial assets
Investments
3.5
7,357
6,801
(ii) Trade receivables
Billed
3.6(b)
3,622
3,880
Unbilled
3.6(b)
11,063
8,278
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents
3.11(a)
(iv) Other bank balances
3.11(b)
3,847
6,792
(v) Loans
3.7
(vi) Others
3.8
1,128
(c) Current tax assets (net)
(d) Other current assets
3.12
1,039
1,005
Total current assets
29,035
29,545
TOTAL ASSETS
52,503
52,307
EQUITY
3.13
34,397
38,927
TOTAL EQUITY
34,940
39,470
LIABILITIES
(1)
Borrowings
3.14
(ii) Lease liabilities
(iii) Others
3.16
Standalone Balance Sheet

Standalone Financial Statements
Note
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
3.17
(c) Provisions
3.18
1,291
1,065
(d) Deferred tax liabilities (net)
3.27
1,321
(e) Other non-current liabilities
3.19
Total non-current liabilities
3,528
2,373
(2)
Current liabilities
(i) Borrowings
3.14
(ii) Lease liabilities
(iii) Trade payables
3.15
Billed
1. Dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises
2. Dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small
enterprises
2,116
1,745
1,435
(iv) Others
3.16
1,889
1,748
3.17
5,088
3,828
(c) Other current liabilities
3.20
(d) Provisions
3.18
(e) Current tax liabilities (net)
1,972
1,465
Total current liabilities
14,035
10,464
TOTAL LIABILITIES
17,563
12,837
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
52,503
52,307
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025
Standalone Balance Sheet

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Note
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Revenue
3.21
51,105
48,118
Other income
3.22
1,234
1,076
Total income
52,339
49,194
Expenses
Changes in inventories of stock-in-trade
3.23
3.24
22,414
20,965
Outsourcing costs
7,437
7,105
Finance costs
3.25
2,320
2,371
Other expenses
3.26
3,392
3,027
Total expenses
35,865
33,738
16,474
15,456
Tax expense
3.27
Current tax
3,344
2,873
4,208
3,782
12,266
11,674
Other comprehensive income (loss)
3.28
(A)
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit and loss
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit
(8)
(B)
(i) Items that will be reclassified to statement of profit and loss
(112)
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to statement of profit and
(112)
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
(81)
Total comprehensive income for the year
12,185
12,113
Earnings per equity share of ₹2 each
3.29
Basic (in ₹)
45.25
43.11
Diluted (in ₹)
45.21
43.02
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

Standalone Financial Statements
Other equity
Total
Equity
Number of
Share
capi-
tal
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Retained
Remea-
surement
of defined
benefit
Treasury
Secu-
pre-
mium
Capital
Capital
re-
demp-
Com-
mon
control
action
Share
Special
eco-
nomic
zone
re-in-
vest-
ment
Foreign
cur-
rency
Cash
hedg-
ing
Debt in-
struments
compre-
hensive
Balance as at 1 April
2,713,665,096
36,490
(801)
4,079
(1)
40,561
41,104
-
11,674
-
11,674
Other comprehensive
income (loss) (refer note
3.28)
-
(1)
Total comprehensive
income (loss) for the
-
11,674
-
(1)
12,113
Transactions with
Contributions and
distributions
Interim dividend of
₹52 per share
-
(14,080)
-
(14,080)
Transfer to special
-
(2,259)
-
2,259
-
(955)
-
Share based
payments to
-
Issue of treasury
shares to employees
-
(18)
-
(61)
-
Excess tax benefit
from share based
payments
-
Balance as at 31 March
2,713,665,096
32,783
(722)
5,383
(2)
38,927
39,470
Balance as at 1 April
2,713,665,096
32,783
(722)
5,383
(2)
38,927
39,470
-
12,266
-
12,266
Other comprehensive
income (loss) (refer note
3.28)
-
(140)
(81)
Total comprehensive
income (loss) for the
-
12,266
-
(140)
12,185
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Other equity
Total
Equity
Number of
Share
capi-
tal
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Retained
Remea-
surement
of defined
benefit
Treasury
Secu-
pre-
mium
Capital
Capital
re-
demp-
Com-
mon
control
action
Share
Special
eco-
nomic
zone
re-in-
vest-
ment
Foreign
cur-
rency
Cash
hedg-
ing
Debt in-
struments
compre-
hensive
Transactions with
Contributions and
distributions
Interim dividend of
₹60 per share
-
(16,254)
-
(16,254)
Transfer to special
-
(2,022)
-
2,022
-
1,161
-
(1,161)
-
Share based
payments to
-
Acquisition of
treasury shares
-
(676)
-
(676)
Issue of treasury
shares to employees
-
(110)
-
(581)
-
Excess tax benefit
from share based
payments
-
Balance as at 31 March
2,713,665,096
27,827
(707)
6,244
34,397
34,940
* Includes treasury shares held by the controlled trust (refer note 3.13)
Refer note 1 for material accounting policies
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
A
Cash flows from operating activities
16,474
15,456
Adjustment for
2,320
2,371
Interest income
(867)
(787)
Dividend income from subsidiaries
(109)
(92)
(31)
(183)
(156)
Interest expense
Profit on sale of propery, plant and equipment (net)
(9)
(4)
Other non-cash charges (net)
(15)
(2)
17,780
16,956
Net change in
Trade receivables
(2,599)
Inventories
Other financial assets and other assets
Trade payables
1,507
(425)
Other financial liabilities, contract liabilities, provisions and other liabilities
1,629
Cash generated from operations
18,696
17,893
Income taxes paid (net of refunds)
(2,705)
(2,611)
Net cash flow from operating activities (A)
15,991
15,282
B
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of propery, plant and equipment and intangibles
(461)
(393)
Proceeds from sale of propery, plant and equipment
Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired
(1,358)
-
Investments in bank deposits
(4,464)
(6,720)
Proceeds from bank deposits
6,959
5,158
Deposits placed with body corporates
(1,251)
(1,079)
Proceeds from deposits placed with body corporates
1,030
1,605
Purchase of investments in securities
(43,059)
(41,123)
Proceeds from sale/maturity of investments in securities
42,765
39,710
Excess of cost over fair value reimbursed for treasury shares by direct and indirect
subsidiaries
-
Investment in equity instruments
(5)
-
Dividend received from subsidiaries
Interest received
Income taxes paid
(180)
(162)
Net cash flow from (used in) investing activities (B)
(2,331)
Standalone Statement of Cash flows

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from long term borrowings
-
Repayment of long term borrowings
(30)
(144)
Proceeds from shor term borrowings
Repayment of shor term borrowings
(374)
(341)
(676)
-
Dividend paid
(16,250)
(14,073)
Interest paid
(3)
(11)
Payment of lease liabilities including interest
(297)
(258)
Net cash flow used in financing activities (C)
(17,253)
(14,480)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)
(269)
(1,529)
Effect of exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents held in foreign currency
(8)
2,374
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year as per note 3.11(a)
Notes
1.
The total amount of income taxes paid is ₹2,885 crores (previous year, ₹2,773 crores).
2.
Cash and cash equivalents includes unclaimed dividend of ₹19 crores (previous year, ₹15 crores) which is of
restricted use.
3.
Refer note 3.39 for amount spent during the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 on construction/acquisition of
any asset and other purposes relating to CSR.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025
Standalone Statement of Cash flows

Standalone Financial Statements
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS
HCL Technologies Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Company ) is primarily engaged in providing a range of IT and
business services, engineering and R&D services and modernized software products and IP-led offerings. The Company
was incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act applicable in India in November 1991, having its registered
office at 806, Siddharh, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019. The Company leverages its global technology workforce and
intellectual properies to deliver solutions across following vericals - Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences &
Healthcare, Public Services, Retail & CPG, Technology & Services and Telecom, Media, Publishing and Enterainment.
The standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025 were approved and authorized for issue by the
Board of Directors on 22 April 2025.
1.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of preparation
These standalone financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as amended from time to time and presentation requirements of Schedule III
(Division II) to the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable to the standalone financial statements.
These standalone financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention on an accrual
and going concern basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value:
Derivative financial instruments,
Cerain financial assets and liabilities (refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments),
The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these standalone financial statements are consistent with
those of the previous year except where a newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to an
existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting policy.
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current and non-current as per the Company s normal operating
cycle of 12 months. The statement of cash flows has been prepared under indirect method.
The Company uses the Indian rupee ( ₹ ) as its reporing currency. All amounts are presented in crores of
₹rounded to whole number and amounts less than ₹0.50 crores are presented as - .
Use of estimates, judgements and assumptions
The preparation of standalone financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires the management to
make estimates and judgements that affect the repored amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and
other comprehensive income (OCI) that are repored and disclosed in the standalone financial statements
and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on the management s best knowledge of current events,
historical experience, actions that the Company may underake in the future and on various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Changes
in estimates are reflected in the standalone financial statements in the year in which the changes are made.
Significant estimates, judgements and assumptions are used for, but not limited to,
Accounting for costs expected to be incurred to complete perormance under fixed price projects and
determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct perormance obligation in contracts involving
multiple perormance obligations, refer note 1(f).
Allowance for uncollectible trade receivables, refer note 1(s)(i).
Fair value of the consideration transferred (including contingent consideration) and fair value of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, measured on a provisional basis in case of business combinations, refer
note 1(c).
Recognition of income and deferred taxes, refer note 1(h) and note 3.27.
Key actuarial assumptions for measurement of future obligations under employee benefit plans, refer note
1(q) and note 3.32.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Estimated foreitures in share-based compensation expense, refer note 1(r).
(vii) Useful lives of propery, plant and equipment, refer note 1(i).
(viii) Lives of intangible assets, refer note 1(j).
(ix)
Identification of leases and measurement of lease liabilities and right of use assets, refer note 1(m).
Key assumptions used for impairment of goodwill, refer note 1(o)and note 3.3.
(xi)
Provisions and contingent liabilities, refer note 1(p) and note 3.35.
(xii) Impairment of investment in subsidiaries, refer note 1(s).
Business combinations and goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is the
aggregate of the consideration transferred measured at fair value at the acquisition date. Acquisition related
costs are expensed as incurred.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the acquisition
date. Contingent consideration classified as financial liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and
any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the
net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the excess is recognized as capital
reserve after reassessing the fair values of the net assets.
Foreign currency and translation
The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupee (₹), which is also the Company s functional currency. For
each foreign operation, the Company determines the functional currency which is its respective local currency.
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Company at their respective functional currency
spot rates at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are
translated to the relevant functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Exchange
differences arising on setlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit
and loss. Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured
at historical cost are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of initial transaction. Non-monetary
assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at fair value are translated
at the exchange rate prevalent at the date when the fair value was determined.
Transaction gains or losses realized upon setlement of foreign currency transactions are included in determining
net profit for the year. Revenue, expenses and cash-flow items denominated in foreign currencies are translated
into the relevant functional currencies using the exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
The translation of foreign operations from respective functional currency into INR (the reporing currency)
for assets and liabilities is perormed using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and for
revenue, expenses and cash flows is perormed using an appropriate daily weighted average exchange rate for
the respective years. The exchange differences arising on translation are repored as a component of other
comprehensive income (loss) . On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of OCI relating to that paricular
foreign operation is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
Fair value measurement
The Company records cerain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company
determines fair values based on the price IT would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market paricipants at the measurement date in the principal or most advantageous market
for that asset or liability.
The Company holds cerain fixed income securities, equity securities and derivatives, which must be measured
using the guidance for fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies. The guidance specifies
a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to each measurement are observable or

Standalone Financial Statements
unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable
inputs reflect the Company s assumptions about current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy also requires
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value. The prescribed fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies are as follows:
Level 1 - Quoted inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments
in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations, in which all significant inputs are directly or indirectly
observable in active markets.
Level 3 - Valuations derived from valuation techniques, in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable
inputs which are suppored by litle or no market activity.
In accordance with Ind AS 113, assets and liabilities at fair value are measured based on the following valuation
techniques:
Market approach - Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving
identical or comparable assets or liabilities.
Income approach - Convering the future amounts based on market expectations to its present value using
the discounting method.
Cost approach - Replacement cost method.
Cerain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets consist primarily of non-
financial assets such as goodwill and intangible assets. Goodwill and intangible assets recognized in business
combinations are measured at fair value initially and subsequently when there is an indicator of impairment, the
impairment is recognized.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market paricipant s ability to generate
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling IT to another market paricipant who
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
Revenue recognition
Revenue is recognized when, or as, control of a promised service or good transfers to a customer, in an amount
that reflects the consideration (Transaction price) to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for
transferring those products or services (Perormance obligation). Revenue is recognized for any contract, once IT
is approved in writing, is legally enforceable, the rights of the paries are identified, payment terms are defined,
the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. Revenue is measured
based on the Transaction price which is the consideration of the contract and is shown net of applicable taxes
and adjusted for any variable consideration like volume discounts, service level allowances, incentive or any other
discount. Transaction price is also adjusted for the effects of the time value of money if the contract includes a
significant financing component.
Revenue from time-and-material, volume based, and transaction-based contracts is recognized as the related
services are perormed through effors expended, units serviced, number of transactions processed, etc. that
correspond with value transferred to customer.
Revenue related to fixed price contracts where perormance obligations and control are satisfied over a period
of time like technology integration contracts, complex network building contracts, system implementations and
application development contracts is recognized based on progress towards completion of the perormance
obligation using percentage-of-completion method. Revenue is recognized based on the costs incurred to date
as a percentage of the total estimated costs to fulfill the contract. Any revision in cost to complete would result in
an increase or decrease in revenue and such changes are recorded in the period in which they are identified.
In arrangements involving sharing of customer revenues for services delivered, revenue is recognized when the
right to receive such revenue share is established.
Revenue related to other fixed price contracts providing maintenance and suppor services, are recognized based
on the right to invoice for services perormed for contracts in which the invoicing is representative of the value
being delivered. If invoicing is not consistent with value delivered, revenues are recognized basis stand-alone

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
selling price for the service perormed. The Company uses cost plus expected margin to determine stand-alone
selling price.
Revenue from distinct proprietary software is recognized at a point in time at the inception of the arrangement
when right to use is granted to the customer. In the case of renewals of term licenses with existing customers,
revenue from term license is recognized at a point in time when the renewal is agreed on signing of contracts.
Revenue from suppor and subscription (S&S) is recognized over the contract term on a straight-line basis as
the Company is providing a service of standing ready to provide suppor, when-and-if needed, and is providing
unspecified software upgrades on a when-and-if available basis over the contract term. In case software are
bundled with suppor and subscription either for perpetual or term based license, such suppor and subscription
contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to purchase the license and
are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual period that the suppor services are provided.
When a sales arrangement contains provision of multiple products, services and software licenses, company
identifies the distinct perormance obligation including lease obligation and allocates total consideration to
each perormance obligation on a relative standalone selling price. Company uses cost plus expected margin
to determine standalone selling price. Revenue from finance leases is recognized when all risks and ownership
are transferred to the customer, with no remaining obligations that affect acceptance. Revenue is recognized
at the fair value of the asset or, if lower, the present value of lease payments, discounted at a market interest
rate. Interest from finance leases is recognized as other income on an accrual basis using the effective interest
method.
In instances when revenue is derived from sales of third-pary vendor services, material or licenses, revenue is
recorded on a gross basis when the Company is a principal to the transaction and net of costs when the Company
is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, once control of a promised good is transferred to a
customer.
Revenue from cerain activities in transition services in outsourcing arrangements are not capable of being
distinct or represent separate perormance obligation and is recognized over the period of the arrangement.
Direct and incremental costs in relation to such transition activities which are expected to be recoverable under
the contract are considered as contract fulfillment costs and classified as Deferred contract cost and recognized
over the period of arrangement. Cerain upfront non-recurring incremental contract acquisition costs and other
upfront fee paid to customer are deferred and classified as Deferred contract cost and amorized to revenue,
usually on a straight-line basis, over the term of the contract.
An onerous contract provision is recognized when the expected unavoidable costs of meeting the future
obligations exceed the expected economic benefits to be received under a contract. Such provision, if any, is
recorded in the period in which such losses become probable and is included in the cost of revenues.
Contract assets are recognized when revenue recognized is more than billing and right to consideration is
conditional upon factors other than the passage of time. Unbilled receivables are recognized where the right to
consideration is unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due (i.e., only act of
invoicing is pending). Contract liability is Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to customers when
there is excess billing over the revenue recognized.
Other income
Other income mainly comprises interest income on debt securities, bank and other deposits, other interest
income recognized using the effective interest method, profit on sale of propery, plant and equipments, debt
securities and mutual fund and net foreign exchange gains. Dividend income is recognized when the right to
receive payment is established.
Income taxes
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax.
Income tax expense is recognized in the statement of profit and loss except to the extent that IT relates to items
recognized directly in equity, in which case IT is recognized in equity. Current income tax for current and prior
periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the
tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Provision
for income tax includes the impact of provisions established for uncerain income tax positions. Tax assets and

Standalone Financial Statements
liabilities are offset only if there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts, and IT is intended
to realize the asset and setle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities recognized for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for those temporary differences which originate during the tax holiday period and are
reversed after the tax holiday period. For this purpose, reversal of timing differences is determined using first-in-
first-out method.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporing date and are reduced to the extent that IT is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured
using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and
are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or setled.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same
taxation authority.
The effect of changes in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or
expense in the year that includes the enactment or the substantive enactment date. A deferred income tax
asset is recognized to the extent that IT is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized. Deferred income taxes are not provided on the
undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and branches where IT is expected that the earnings of the subsidiary or
branch will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.
Tax benefits acquired as par of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for separate recognition
at that date, are recognized subsequently if new information about facts and circumstances change. The
adjustment is either treated as a reduction in goodwill (as long as IT does not exceed goodwill) if IT was incurred
during the measurement period or recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
In some tax jurisdictions, the amount of tax deductions on share based payments to employees are different
from the related cumulative remuneration expenses. If the amount of the tax deduction (or estimated future tax
deduction) exceeds the amount of the related cumulative remuneration expense, such excess amount of tax
deduction and the associated tax benefit is recognized directly in retained earnings.
Propery, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
Cost comprises the purchase price and directly atributable cost of bringing the asset to its working condition for
its intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price. The Company
identifies and determines separate useful lives for each major component of the propery, plant and equipment, if
they have a useful life that is materially different from that of the asset as a whole.
Expenses on existing propery, plant and equipment, including day-to-day repairs, maintenance expenditure and
cost of replacing pars, are charged to the statement of profit and loss for the year during which such expenses
are incurred.
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of assets are measured as the difference between the net disposal
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the
asset is derecognized.
Propery, plant and equipment under construction and cost of assets not ready for use at the year-end are
disclosed as capital work - in - progress.
Depreciation on propery, plant and equipment is provided on the straight-line method over their estimated
useful lives, as determined by the management. Depreciation is charged on a pro-rata basis for assets purchased/
sold during the year.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The management s estimates of the useful lives of various assets for computing depreciation are as follows:
Asset description
Buildings
Plant and equipment (including air conditioners, electrical installations)
Office equipment
Computers and networking equipment
Furniture and fixtures
Vehicles
The useful lives as given above best represent the period over which the management expects to use these
assets, based on technical assessment. The estimated useful lives for these assets are therefore different from the
useful lives prescribed under Par C of Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013.
The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of propery, plant and equipment are reviewed at
each financial year-end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
(j)
Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
acquired in a business combination is measured at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Subsequently,
following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amorization and
impairment losses.
Intangible assets are amorized over the useful life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication
that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amorization period and the amorization method for an
intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporing year. Changes in the
expected useful life or the expected patern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the
asset are considered to modify the amorization period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes
in accounting estimates. The amorization expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognized in the
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss
when the asset is derecognized.
The intangible assets are amorized over the estimated useful life of the assets as mentioned below:
Asset description
Software
Over the term of license or
3 years, whichever is lower
Technology (including Licensed IPRs)
2 to 15
Customer-related intangibles (includes customer contracts and customer
relationships)
2 to 10
Others (includes intellectual propery rights, brand and non-compete
agreements)
(k)
Research and development costs
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure, on an individual project, is recognized as an
intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate:

The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that IT will be available for use or sale

Its intention to complete and its ability and intention to use or sell the asset

Standalone Financial Statements

How the asset will generate future economic benefits

The availability of resources to complete the asset

The ability to measure reliably the expenditure during development
Subsequently, following initial recognition of the development expenditure as an asset, the cost model is applied
requiring the asset to be carried at cost less any accumulated amorization and accumulated impairment losses.
Amorization of the asset begins when development is complete and the asset is available for use. IT is amorized
over the period of expected future benefit. Amorization expense is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
During the period of development, the asset is tested for impairment annually.
(l)
Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly atributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use are capitalized as par of the cost of the asset.
All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of
funds.
(m) Leases
A lease is a contract that contains right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
for consideration.
Company as a lessee
Company is lessee in case of leasehold land, office space, accommodation for its employees & IT equipment.
These leases are evaluated to determine whether IT contains lease based on principles for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors as defined in Ind AS 116.
Right-of-use asset represents the Company s right to control the underlying assets under lease and the lease
liability is the obligation to make the lease payments related to the underlying asset under lease. Right-of-use
asset is measured initially based on the lease liability adjusted for any initial direct costs, prepaid rent, and lease
incentives. Right-of-use asset is depreciated based on straight line method over the lease term or useful life of
right-of-use asset, whichever is less. Subsequently, right-of-use asset is measured at cost less any accumulated
depreciation, accumulated impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability.
The lease liability is measured at the lease commencement date and determined using the present value of the
minimum lease payments not yet paid and the Company s incremental borrowing rate, which approximates the
rate at which the Company would borrow, in the country where the lease was executed. The Company has used a
single discount rate for a porfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics. The lease payment comprises
fixed payment less any lease incentives, variable lease payment that depends on an index or a rate, exercise
price of a purchase option if the Company is reasonably cerain to exercise the option and payment of penalties
for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising an option to terminate the lease.
Lease liability is subsequently measured by increase the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability,
reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payment made and remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect
any reassessment or modification, if any.
The Company has elected to not recognize leases with a lease term of 12 months or less in the balance sheet,
including those acquired in a business combination, and lease costs for those shor-term leases are recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the statement of profit and loss. For all asset classes, the Company
has elected the lessee practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components and account for the
combined unit as a single lease component in case there is no separate payment defined under the contract.
Company as a lessor
Leases in which the Company does not transfer substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset
are classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the
carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the year in which they are earned or contingency is resolved.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Leases in which the Company transfers substantially all the risk and benefits of ownership of the asset are
classified as finance leases. Assets given under finance lease are recognized as a receivables at an amount
equal to the present value of lease receivables. After initial recognition, the Company apporions lease rentals
between the principal repayment and interest income so as to achieve a constant periodic rate of return on the
net investment outstanding in respect of the finance leases. The interest income is recognized in the statement
of profit and loss. Initial direct costs such as legal cost, brokerage cost etc. are recognized immediately in the
When arrangements include multiple perormance obligations, the Company allocates the consideration in the
contract between the lease components and the non-lease components on a relative standalone selling price
(n)
Inventories
Stock-in-trade, stores and spares are valued at the lower of the cost or net realizable value. Cost includes
cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of
completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
Cost of stock-in-trade procured for specific projects is assigned by identifying individual costs of each item. Cost
of stock-in-trade, that are interchangeable and not specific to any project and cost of stores and spare pars are
determined using the weighted average cost formula.
(o)
Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is tested annually on March 31, for impairment, or sooner whenever there is an indication that goodwill
may be impaired, relying on a number of factors including operating results, business plans and future cash flows.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the Company s
cash generating units (CGU) expected to benefit from the synergies arising from the business combination. A CGU
is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash
inflows from other assets or group of assets. Impairment occurs when the carrying amount of a CGU including
the goodwill, exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the
higher of its fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-use. Value-in-use is the present value of future cash flows
expected to be derived from the CGU. Total impairment loss of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to the other assets of the CGU, pro-rata on the basis of the
carrying amount of each asset in the CGU.
An impairment loss on goodwill recognized in the statement of profit and loss is not reversed in the subsequent
period.
Intangible assets and propery, plant and equipment
Intangible assets and propery, plant and equipment are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of
impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-
use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely
independent of those from other assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to
which the asset belongs. Impairment, if any, is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset
exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of the asset. Subsequently if there is a change in the estimates used
to determine the recoverable amount, the impairment loss is reversed. Such reversal is made only to the extent
that the asset s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined on the
date of reversal, if no impairment loss had been recognized. Such impairment and any subsequent reversal is
(p)
Provisions and contingent liabilities
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and IT is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will
be required to setle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined
by discounting the expected future cash flows.

Standalone Financial Statements
The Company uses significant judgement to disclose contingent liabilities. Contingent liabilities are disclosed
when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by
the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncerain future events not wholly within the control of the
Company or a present obligation that arises from past events where IT is either not probable that an outflow
of resources will be required to setle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.
Contingent assets are neither recognized nor disclosed in the financial statements.
(q)
Retirement and other employee benefits
Provident fund: Employees of the Company receive benefits under the provident fund, a defined benefit
plan. The employee and employer each make monthly contributions to the plan. A porion of the contribution
is made to the provident fund trust managed by the Company or Government administered provident
fund; while the balance contribution is made to the Government administered pension fund, a defined
contribution plan. For the contribution made by the Company to the provident fund trust managed by the
Company, the Company has an obligation to fund any shorfall on the yield of the Trust s investments over
the administered interest rates. The liability is actuarially determined (using the projected unit credit method)
at the end of the year. The funds contributed to the Trust are invested in specific securities as mandated by
law and generally consist of federal and state government bonds, debt instruments of government-owned
corporations, equity and other eligible market securities.
In respect of superannuation, a defined contribution plan for applicable employees, the Company
contributes to the superannuation trust and the scheme is administered on its behalf by appointed fund
managers and such contributions for each year of service rendered by the employees are charged to the
statement of profit and loss. The Company has no furher obligations to the superannuation plan beyond its
contributions.
Gratuity liability: The Company provide for gratuity, a defined benefit plan (the Gratuity Plan ) covering
eligible employees. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement,
death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount based on the respective employee s
base salary and the tenure of employment (subject to a maximum of ₹20 lacs per employee). The liability
is actuarially determined (using the projected unit credit method) at the end of each year. Actuarial gains/
losses are recognized immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to other
comprehensive income in the year in which they occur.
In respect to cerain employees in India, the Company contributes towards gratuity liabilities to the Gratuity
Fund Trust. Trustees of the Company administer contributions made to the Trust and contributions are
invested in a scheme with Life Insurance Corporation of India as permited by law.
Compensated absences: The employees of the Company are entitled to compensated absences which are
both accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The employees can carry forward up to the specified
porion of the unutilized accumulated compensated absences and utilize IT in future periods or receive cash
at retirement or termination of employment. The expected cost of accumulating compensated absences is
determined by actuarial valuation (using the projected unit credit method) based on the additional amount
expected to be paid as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the balance sheet date.
The expense on non-accumulating compensated absences is recognized in the statement of profit and loss
in the year in which the absences occur. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately taken to the statement of
profit and loss and are not deferred.
Contributions to other defined contribution plans in branches outside India are recognized as expense when
employees have rendered services entitling them to such benefits.
(r)
Equity setled share based compensation
Share-based compensation represents the cost related to share-based awards granted to employees. The
Company measures share-based compensation cost at grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award
and recognizes the cost on a straight line basis (net of estimated foreitures) over the employee s requisite service
period for an award with only service condition and for an award with both service and perormance condition on
a straight line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting porion of the award, as if award
was in substance, multiple awards. On modification of an equity setled award, the Company re-estimates the fair
value of stock option as on the date of modification and any incremental expense is expensed over the period
from the modification date till the vesting date.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using option pricing model. The cost is recorded under the
head employee benefit expense in the statement of profit and loss with corresponding increase in Share based
payment reserve .
The Company grants share-based awards to employees of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, requiring
reimbursement for the actual cost of treasury shares upon exercise. Any excess cost over the fair value recovered
from subsidiaries is treated as a reduction in investment.
(s)
Financial Instruments
A financial instrument is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or
equity instrument of another entity.
Financial assets
All financial assets are recognized initially at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly atributable to the
acquisition of financial assets (other than financial assets at fair value through profit and loss) are added
to the fair value measured on initial recognition of financial asset. Purchase and sale of financial assets
are accounted for at trade date. However, trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing
component are measured at transaction price.

Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash in banks and shor-term deposits and
investments with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value.
For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents are considered net of outstanding
bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and are considered par of the Company s cash management
system. In the standalone balance sheet, bank overdrafts are presented under borrowings within current
liabilities.

Financial assets at amorized cost

A financial asset is measured at the amorized cost if both the following conditions are met:
The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual
cash flows and,
Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of

principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amorized cost using the
effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amorized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or
premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral par of the EIR. The EIR amorization is included
in other income in the statement of profit and loss. The losses arising from impairment are recognized in
the statement of profit and loss. This category includes cash and bank balances, loans, unbilled receivables,
trade and other receivables.

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI)
A financial asset is classified and measured at fair value through OCI if both of the following criteria are met:
The objective of the business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling
the financial assets, and
The asset s contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.
Financial asset included within the OCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporing date at
fair value. Fair value movements are recognized in OCI. Interest income is recognized in statement of profit
and loss for debt instruments. On derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in
OCI is reclassified from OCI to statement of profit and loss.

Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
Any financial asset, which does not meet the criteria for categorization at amorized cost or at fair value

Standalone Financial Statements
through other comprehensive income, is classified at fair value through profit and loss. Financial assets
included at the fair value through profit and loss category are measured at fair value with all changes

Equity investments
Equity investments in subsidiaries are measured at cost less impairment if any.

Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset is primarily derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired,
or the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset.

Impairment of financial assets
The Company recognizes loss allowances using the expected credit loss (ECL) model for the financial assets
which are not fair valued through profit and loss. Lifetime ECL allowance is recognized for trade receivables
with no significant financing component. For all other financial assets, expected credit losses are measured
at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL, unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk from
initial recognition in which case they are measured at lifetime ECL. The amount of expected credit losses
(or reversal) that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporing date is recognized in statement of
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
payables, net of directly atributable transaction costs.
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit and loss are designated as
such at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. Changes in fair value
of such liability are recognized in the statement of profit and loss.

Financial liabilities at amorized cost
The Company s financial liabilities at amorized cost, are initially recognized at net of transaction costs and
includes trade payables, borrowings including bank overdrafts and other payables.
After initial recognition, financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amorized cost using the effective
interest rate (EIR) method except for deferred consideration recognized in a business combination which
is subsequently measured at fair value through profit and loss. Gains and losses are recognized in the
statement of profit and loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the EIR amorization
process.
Amorized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
costs that are an integral par of the EIR. The EIR amorization is included as finance costs in the statement of

Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.
Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
Foreign exchange forward contracts and options are purchased to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign
exchange rates associated with forecast transactions denominated in cerain foreign currencies.
The Company recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities measured at their fair value. Changes in fair
value for derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship are marked to market at each
reporing date and the related gains (losses) are recognized in the statement of profit and loss as foreign
exchange gains (losses) .

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The foreign exchange forward contracts and options in respect of forecasted transactions which meet the
hedging criteria are designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in the fair value of derivatives (net of tax) that
are designated as effective cash flow hedges are deferred and recorded in the hedging reserve account
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged transaction occurs
and are then recognized in the statement of profit and loss. The ineffective porion of hedging derivatives is
immediately recognized in other income (expenses) in the statement of profit and loss.
In respect of derivatives designated as hedges, the Company formally documents all relationships
between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy
for underaking various hedge transactions. The Company also formally assesses both at the inception of
the hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether each derivative is highly effective in offseting changes in fair
values or cash flows of the hedged item. The Company determines the existence of an economic relationship
between the hedging instrument and hedged item based on the currency, amount and timing of their
respective cash flows.
Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively from the last testing date when (1) IT is determined that the
derivative financial instrument is no longer effective in offseting changes in the fair value or cash flows of
the underlying exposure being hedged; (2) the derivative financial instrument matures or is sold, terminated
or exercised; or (3) IT is determined that designating the derivative financial instrument as a hedge is no
longer appropriate. When hedge accounting is discontinued the deferred gains or losses on the cash flow
hedge remain in other comprehensive income (loss) until the forecast transaction occurs. Any furher
change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument is recognized in current year earnings.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is repored in the balance sheet if there
is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to setle on a
net basis to realize the assets and setle the liabilities simultaneously.
(t)
Dividend
Final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is recognized upon approval by the shareholders who have
the right to decrease but not increase the amount of dividend recommended by the Board of Directors. Interim
dividends are recognized on declaration by the Board of Directors. Final and interim dividend excludes dividend
on treasury shares.
(u)
Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic EPS amounts are computed by dividing the net profit atributable to the equity holders of the Company by
the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year adjusted for treasury shares held.
Diluted EPS amounts are computed by dividing the net profit atributable to the equity holders of the Company
by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share and also the
weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential
equity shares. The diluted potential equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the shares been
actually issued at fair value (i.e. the average market value of the outstanding shares). Perormance based stock
unit awards are included in dilutive potential shares when they become contingently issuable and have a dilutive
impact and are excluded when they are not contingently issuable. Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed
convered as at the beginning of the year, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity shares are
determined independently for each year presented.
The number of shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented
for bonus shares.
Nature and purpose of reserves
The Company recognizes actuarial gains/losses on defined benefit plans in the balance sheet with a
corresponding debit or credit to other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.

Standalone Financial Statements
Treasury share reserve
The Company s equity shares held by a trust, which is standalone as a par of the Company, are classified as
Treasury shares. Treasury shares are carried at acquisition cost and presented as a deduction from total equity as
Treasury share reserve . As and when treasury shares are transferred to employees on exercise after satisfaction
of the vesting conditions, the balance lying in Treasury share reserve is transferred to Retained earnings .
Securities premium
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilized only for limited
purposes such as issuance of bonus shares and buyback of shares in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 in India.
Capital redemption reserve
The Company recognizes cancellation of the Company s own equity instruments to capital redemption reserve.
Share based payment reserve
The share-based payment reserve is recognized over the vesting period at the grant date fair value of units issued
to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the Company s restricted stock unit plan.
Special economic zone re-investment reserve
The Company has created special economic zone (SEZ) re-investment reserve out of profits of the eligible SEZ
Units in terms of the specific provisions of Section 10AA(1) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 ( the Act ). The said reserve
needs to be utilized by the Company for acquiring plant and machinery for the purposes of its business in the
terms of Section 10AA (2) of the Act for availing tax benefit.
Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign operations are recognized in other comprehensive
income as described in the accounting policy and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity. The
cumulative amount is reclassified to profit and loss when the net investment is disposed-off.
For hedging foreign currency risk, the Company uses foreign currency forward and option contracts. To the
extent these hedges are effective, the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in the cash
flow hedging reserve. Amounts recognized in the cash flow hedging reserve is reclassified to the statement of
profit and loss when the hedged item affects profit and loss.
Debt instruments through other comprehensive income
The Company recognizes changes in the fair value of debt instruments held with business objective of collect and
sell in other comprehensive income. The Company transfers amounts from this reserve to the statement of profit
and loss when the debt instrument is sold.
Common control transaction capital reserve
The Company has created Common Control Transaction Capital Reserve in accordance with the guidance under
Appendix C of IND AS 103 Business Combinations . This reserve is not freely available for distribution.
Capital reserve
Capital Reserve is not freely available for distribution.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
(w)
Recently issued accounting pronouncements
As on 31 March 2025, there are no new standards or amendments to the existing standards applicable to the
Company which has been notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
2.
ACQUISITIONS
Acquisition of business related to cerain assets (CSS) of Communications Technology Group (CTG) from Hewlet
Packard Enterprise (HPE)
On 23 May 2024, the Company signed a definitive agreement to carve-out and acquire business including cerain
intellectual propery rights (IPs), customer relationships with global Communication Service Providers (CSPs) along
with Engineering and R&D talent of Communications Technology Group (CTG) from HPE for ₹1,393 crores, payable in
cash subject to adjustment of cerain closing liabilities.
Acquisition got consummated, post-regulatory approvals on 1 December 2024, for a purchase consideration of ₹1,358
crores, post adjustment of cerain closing liabilities.
The purchase price of ₹1,358 crores has been preliminarily allocated based on management estimates to the acquired
assets and liabilities as follows:
Amount
Propery plant and equipment
Net working capital
(47)
Intangible assets
Goodwill
1,358
The resultant goodwill is primarily non-tax deductible and has been allocated to Engineering and R&D Services
segment. The acquisition will enable the Company to gain a porfolio of service offerings that includes industry
leading IPs, solutions and systems integration around Business Suppor Systems (BSS), network applications, service
cloudification and data intelligence.
The table below shows the values and lives of intangible assets recognized on acquisition which will be amorized on
straight line basis :
Amount
Life (Years)
Technology
1.5-9
The Company is in the process of making a final determination of the purchase price and fair value of assets and
liabilities acquired. Finalization of such determination may result in cerain adjustments to the above allocations.

Standalone Financial Statements
3.
Notes to standalone financial statements
3.1. Propery, plant and equipment
Freehold
Buildings
Plant and
Office
Equipment
Computers
Furniture
Vehicles
#
Total
Gross block as at 1
April 2024
3,383
1,477
2,859
8,700
Additions
-
Acquired through
business combination
-
Disposals/other
-
(17)
(2)
(127)
(8)
(47)
(201)
Translation exchange
-
Gross block as at 31
March 2025
3,391
1,523
2,988
8,954
Accumulated
depreciation as at 1
April 2024
-
1,510
1,186
2,075
5,475
Depreciation
-
Disposals/other
-
(17)
(2)
(122)
(8)
(35)
(184)
Translation exchange
-
(1)
-
Accumulated
depreciation as at 31
March 2025
-
1,680
1,251
2,355
6,023
Net block as at 31
March 2025
1,711
2,931
# Also refer footnote 1 of note 3.14
Freehold
Buildings
Plant and
Office
Equipment
Computers
Furniture
Vehicles
#
Total
Gross block as at 1
April 2023
3,373
1,459
2,808
8,562
Additions
-
Disposals/other
-
(1)
(12)
(6)
(117)
-
(21)
(157)
Gross block as at 31
March 2024
3,383
1,477
2,859
8,700
Accumulated
depreciation as at 1
April 2023
-
1,343
1,097
1,739
4,835
Depreciation
-

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Freehold
Buildings
Plant and
Office
Equipment
Computers
Furniture
Vehicles
#
Total
Disposals/other
-
(2)
(10)
(6)
(110)
(2)
(18)
(148)
Accumulated
depreciation as at 31
March 2024
-
1,510
1,186
2,075
5,475
Net block as at 31
March 2024
1,873
3,225
# Also refer footnote 1 of note 3.14
3.2 Capital work in progress (CWIP)
The following table presents the ageing schedule for Capital-work-in progress:
Pariculars
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than
1 year
More than
Total
As at 31 March 2025
Projects in progress
-
As at 31 March 2024
Projects in progress
-
During the year ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024, ₹22 crores and ₹21 crores were capitalized and transferred
from capital work in progress to propery, plant and equipment.
There are no overdue projects as at 31 March 2025 and 2024.
3.3. Goodwill
ended 31 March 2025
IT and Business
Services
Engineering and
R&D services
HCLSoftware
Total
Opening balance as at 1 April 2024
5,991
6,549
Acquired through business combination (refer
note 2)
-
Closing balance as at 31 March 2025
5,991
7,215
ended 31 March 2024
IT and Business
Services
Engineering and
R&D services
HCLSoftware
Total
Opening balance as at 1 April 2023
5,991
6,549
-
Closing balance as at 31 March 2024
5,991
6,549
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGU, which
benefits from the synergies of the acquisition.

Standalone Financial Statements
Goodwill is tested annually on March 31, for impairment, or sooner whenever there is an indication that goodwill may be
impaired. Impairment is recognized, when the carrying amount of a CGU including the goodwill, exceeds the estimated
recoverable amount of the CGU. The estimated value-in-use of the CGU is based on the future cash flow forecasts
for 5 years and then on perpetuity on the basis of cerain assumptions which include revenue growth, earnings before
interest and taxes, taxes, capital outflow and working capital requirement. The assumptions are taken on the basis of
past trends and management estimates and judgement. Future cash flows are discounted with Weighted Average
Cost of Capital .
The key assumptions are as follows:
As at 31 March 2025
IT and Business
Services
Engineering and
R&D services
HCLSoftware
6.8
5.1
1.0
2.0
(4.8)
13.2
14.1
17.3
As at 31 March 2024
IT and Business
Services
Engineering and
R&D services
HCLSoftware
7.8
6.0
(0.6)
2.0
(4.1)
12.6
13.8
16.2
As at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024, the estimated recoverable amount of each CGU exceeded the carrying
amount and accordingly, no impairment was recognized. An analysis of the sensitivity of the computation to a change
in key assumptions based on reasonable probability did not identify any probable scenario in which the recoverable
amount of the CGUs would decrease below the carrying amount.
3.4 Other intangible assets
Software
Technology
Licensed IPRs)
Customer-
Others
Total
Gross block as at 1 April 2024
7,498
6,391
14,418
Additions
-
combination
-
(18)
-
(7)
(25)
Translation exchange
-
8,214
6,408
15,132
Accumulated amorization
and impairment as at 1 April
4,438
3,998
8,907

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Software
Technology
Licensed IPRs)
Customer-
Others
Total
Amorization
1,367
(18)
-
(7)
(25)
Translation exchange
-
Accumulated amorization
and impairment as at 31
March 2025
5,136
4,619
10,252
Net block as at 31 March 2025
3,078
1,789
-
4,880
Estimated remaining useful
life (in years)
-
Software
Technology
Licensed IPRs)
Customer-
Others
Total
Gross block as at 1 April 2023
7,460
6,427
14,419
Additions
-
(12)
(8)
(35)
-
(55)
Translation exchange
-
(1)
-
7,498
6,391
14,418
Accumulated amorization
and impairment as at 1 April
3,810
3,345
7,584
Amorization
1,378
(12)
(9)
(34)
-
(55)
Accumulated amorization
and impairment as at 31
March 2024
4,438
3,998
8,907
Net block as at 31 March 2024
3,060
2,393
5,511
Estimated remaining useful
life (in years)

Standalone Financial Statements
3.5. Investments
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Financial assets
Non - current
Unquoted investments
Equity investment in subsidiary companies carried at cost (fully paid up)
459,759,520 (31 March 2024, 459,759,520) equity shares of USD 1 each in
4,294
1,280 (31 March 2024, 1,280) equity shares of ₹10,000 each, in HCL
Comnet Systems & Services Limited
HCL Technologies (Shanghai) Limited (issued & registered capital)
1,033,384 (31 March 2024, 1,033,384) equity shares of SGD 1 each, in HCL
Singapore Pte. Limited
30,000,000 (31 March 2024, 30,000,000) equity shares of GBP 1 each
fully paid up, in HCL EAS Limited
1,751,301 (31 March 2024, 1,751,301) equity shares of ₹10 each in HCL
Training & Staffing Services Private Limited
100,000 (31 March 2024, 100,000) equity shares of SGD 1 each, in HCL
Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd
Euro 14.05 million (31 March 2024, 14.05 million) invested in equity share
capital of Geometric Europe GmbH
1,432 (31 March 2024, 1,432) non assessable shares of USD 1 each, in
7,589,107 (31 March 2024, 7,589,107) equity shares of ₹2 each in Sankalp
Semiconductor Private Limited
47,580,000 (31 March 2024, 47,580,000) ordinary shares of Sri Lankan
Rupees 10 each in HCL Technologies Lanka (Private) Limited
Nil (31 March 2024, 50,000) ordinary shares of ₹10 each in HCL
Technologies Jigani Limited*
-
100,000 (31 March 2024, Nil) ordinary shares of GBP 1 each in HCL
Technologies Holding UK Limited
-
5,058
5,057
Less: excess cost over fair value reimbursed for treasury shares alloted
to the employees of direct and indirect subsidiaries
(102)
(17)
4,956
5,040
Other equity investment carried at fair value through profit and loss
-
4,960
5,040

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Current
Quoted investments
Investment in debt securities
4,309
3,491
Unquoted investments
Investment in mutual funds
3,048
3,310
7,357
6,801
Total investments - financial assets
12,317
11,841
Aggregate amount of quoted investments
4,309
3,491
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments
8,008
8,350
Market value of quoted investments
4,309
3,491
Equity instruments carried at cost
4,956
5,040
Investment carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
4,309
3,491
Investment carried at fair value through profit and loss
3,052
3,310
Note:-
* HCL Technologies Jigani Limited has been dissolved w.e.f 29 March, 2025 and hence the related investment of
₹0.05 crores has been derecognized.
3.6. Trade receivables
(a) Non-current
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Unbilled receivables
(b) Current
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Billed
Unsecured, considered good (refer note below)
3,686
3,985
Trade receivables - credit impaired
3,748
4,038
Loss allowance for bad and doubtful debts (refer note 3.31(c))
(126)
(158)
3,622
3,880
Unbilled receivables (refer note below)
11,063
8,278
14,685
12,158
Note: Includes receivables from related paries amounting to ₹10,752 crores (31 March 2024, ₹8,006 crores).

Standalone Financial Statements
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2025
Less than
More than
Total
Undisputed - considered
good
2,494
3,686
-
2,498
3,748
(126)
3,622
Unbilled receivables
11,063
-
11,063
14,685
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2024
Less than
More than
Total
Undisputed - considered
good
2,577
3,985
-
2,577
4,038
(158)
3,880
Unbilled receivables
8,278
-
8,278
12,158
3.7
Loans
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - current
Current

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.8 Other financial assets
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - current
Finance lease receivables (refer note 3.30(b))
Interest receivables
-
Security deposits
Security deposits - related paries (refer note 3.33)
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity
Others - related paries (refer note 3.33) (refer note below)
Others
-
1,057
Current
Finance lease receivables (refer note 3.30(b))
Interest receivables
Security deposits
Security deposits - related paries (refer note 3.33)
Others - related paries (refer note 3.33) (refer note below)
Others
1,128
Note
Includes ₹208 crores (31 March 2024, ₹503 crores) recoverable from direct and indirect subsidiaries against RSUs
awarded to the employees of such subsidiaries.
3.9. Inventories
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024

Standalone Financial Statements
3.10 Other non - current assets
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Capital advances
Security deposits
Others
Prepaid expenses
Deferred contract cost (refer note 3.21)
3.11 Cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Balance with banks
Deposits with original maturity of less than 3 months (including deposits with
corporations and financial institutions with original maturity of less than 3
months)
Remitances in transit
Cheques in hand
-
Earmarked balances with banks - Unclaimed dividend
Shor-term deposits
3,847
6,792
3.12 Other current assets
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Security deposits
Advances to employees
Advances to suppliers
Others
Prepaid expenses
Deferred contract cost (refer note 3.21)
Contract assets
Others
1,039
1,005

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.13 Equity share capital
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Authorized
3,017,000,000 (31 March 2024, 3,017,000,000) equity shares of ₹2 each
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up
2,713,665,096 (31 March 2024, 2,713,665,096) equity shares of ₹2 each
Terms/rights atached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ₹2/-. Each holder of equity
shares is entitled to one vote per share.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the remaining assets
of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proporion to the number of
equity shares held by the shareholders.
Reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
₹ in Crores
₹ in Crores
2,713,665,096
The Company does not have any holding/ultimate holding company.
Reconciliation of the number of treasury shares held by controlled trust
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
5,674,579
6,300,153
Add: Acquisition of shares by the Trust
4,516,000
-
Less: Issue of treasury shares to employees on exercise of RSUs
(5,436,476)
(625,574)
4,754,103
5,674,579
Details of shareholders holding more than 5 % shares in the company
Name of the shareholder
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Equity shares of ₹2 each fully paid
1,198,549,941
44.17%
1,198,549,941
44.17%
446,662,032
16.46%
446,662,032
16.46%
As per the records of the Company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations received
from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial
ownership of shares.

Standalone Financial Statements
Details of promoters holding in the company is as follows:
Promoter name
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
% change
No. of Shares
No. of Shares
1,198,549,941
44.17%
1,198,549,941
44.17%
0.00%
446,662,032
16.46%
446,662,032
16.46%
0.00%
4,593,104
0.17%
4,593,104
0.17%
0.00%
Ms. Kiran Nadar
494,602
0.02%
494,602
0.02%
0.00%
Mr. Shiv Nadar
0.00%
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra
0.00%
1,650,301,111
60.81%
1,650,301,111
60.81%
0.00%
Aggregate number of bonus shares issued, shares issued for consideration other than cash and shares bought back
during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporing date:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Aggregate number and class of shares alloted as fully paid up pursuant to
contract(s) without payment being received in cash
Nil
Nil
Aggregate number and class of shares alloted as fully paid up by way of bonus
Nil
1,356,832,548
Equity shares
Aggregate number and class of shares bought back
Nil
Nil
Capital management
The primary objective of the Company s capital management is to suppor business continuity and growth of the
company while maximizing the shareholder value. The Company has been declaring quarerly dividend for last
22 years. The Company determines the capital requirement based on annual operating plans and long-term and
other strategic investment plans. The funding requirements have been generally met through operating cash flows
generated.
Restricted Stock Unit Plans ( RSU Plans or Plans )
The Company has instituted RSU plans for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries which are administered by
the Nomination and Remuneration Commitee (NRC) of the Company through a controlled Trust. The restricted stock
units (RSU) granted under the plan entitles the holder to one equity share of the Company at an exercise price, which is
approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Commitee.
Subsequent to the grants, for the purpose of implementation of the plans, the trust acquires the necessary shares from
the secondary market.
The company has two substantially similar types of RSU plans and summary of the general terms of grants under
respective plans are as below:
RSU Plan 2021
RSU Plan 2024
Effective date
November 2021
July 2024
Maximum number of RSUs under the plan
11,100,000
8,460,000
Method of setlement (cash/equity)
Equity
Equity
Vesting period (maximum)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Exercise price at par
₹2
Exercise period from the date of vesting (maximum)
The details of activity under the plan has been summarized below:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
No. of RSUs
Weighted
No. of RSUs
Weighted
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
6,920,967
7,753,568
Add: Granted during the year
4,724,516
312,335
Less: Foreited during the year
(559,946)
-
(516,328)
-
Less: Exercised during the year (including
pending allotment)
(5,763,771)
(625,574)
Less: Expired during the year
(62,162)
-
(3,034)
-
RSUs outstanding at the end of the year
5,259,604
6,920,967
RSUs exercisable at the end of the year
145,630
5,253,882
The weighted average share price of RSUs exercised during the year was ₹1,552 (31 March 2024,₹1,162).
Total number of RSUs outstanding include 1,257,655 (31 March 2024, 842,404) perormance based RSUs, including
those linked to relative perormance parameters against select industry peers given to cerain senior employees.
Number of shares expected to vest will be based on actual perormance for each of the perormance parameters. All
other RSUs will vest if the employee continues to be in service on the roles of the Company or its subsidiaries on the
vesting date.
Outstanding perormance based RSUs includes 100,924 (31 March 2024, 57,730) RSUs granted for which perormance
targets will be finalized and communicated in subsequent years. Cost for these RSUs will be accounted from date of
finalization of perormance targets.
The details of exercise price for RSUs outstanding is as below:
Exercise price
(₹)
Number
of RSUs
Weighted average
contractual life of
RSUs (in years)
As at 31 March 2025
5,259,604
2.0
As at 31 March 2024
6,920,967
0.6
The fair value of the awards are determined using the Black-Scholes Model for RSUs with time and non-market
perormance-based vesting conditions and Monte Carlo simulation model is used for RSUs with market perormance
based vesting conditions. The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, exercise price, expected
volatility, expected dividends, expected term and the risk-free rate of interest. Expected volatility during the term of
the RSUs is based on historical volatility of the observed market prices of the Company s publicly traded equity shares
during a period equivalent to the expected term of the RSUs. Expected volatility of the selected industry peers have

Standalone Financial Statements
been modelled based on historical movements in the market prices of their publicly traded equity shares during a
period equivalent to the expected term of the RSUs. Correlation coefficient is calculated between each peer entity
based on the historical weekly share prices of the companies.
The fair value of each equity-setled award granted during the year is estimated on the date of grant using the
following assumptions:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Weighted average fair value (₹)
1,368
1,069
Weighted average share price (₹)
1,522
1,214
Exercise Price (₹)
Expected Volatility (%)
21.6 - 24.2
22.7 - 29.3
Life of the RSUs granted (vesting and exercise period) in years
1.3 - 3.7
1.3 - 4.5
Expected dividends (%)
2.8 - 3.5
3.9 - 4.4
Average risk-free interest rate (%)
6.5 - 7.1
6.8 - 7.1
The expected life of the RSU is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the RSU, as well as
expected exercise behaviour of the employee who receives the RSU.
3.14. Borrowings
Non-current
Current
As at
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Long term borrowings
Secured
Term loans from banks (refer note 1 below)
Unsecured
Term loans from banks (refer note 2 below)
-
Less: Current maturities of long term
borrowings
-
(12)
(27)
-
Shor term borrowings
Unsecured
Shor term loan from banks (refer note 3
-
Current maturities of long term borrowings
-
Notes
1.
The company has term loans of ₹23 crores (31 March 2024, ₹42 crores) secured against gross block of vehicles of
₹91 crores (31 March 2024, ₹128 crores) at interest rates ranging from 7.50%p.a. to 9.15% p.a. (31 March 2024, 7.50%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
p.a. to 9.15% p.a.). The loans are repayable over a period of 3 to 5 years on a monthly basis.
2.
Unsecured long term loans as at 31 March 2024 of ₹11 crores borrowed from banks at interest rates ranging from
9.10% p.a. to 9.15% p.a. was repaid during the year.
3.
Represents unsecured term loan required for management of working capital at interest rate of 7.10% p.a. which is
repaid in April 2025.
3.15 Trade payables - current
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Trade payables
Trade payables-related paries (refer note 3.33)
1,598
2,128
Unbilled and accruals-related paries (refer note 3.33)
1,150
1,745
1,435
3,873
2,344
Pariculars
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2025
Less than 1
More than 3
Total
(i) MSME
-
(ii) Others
1,556
-
2,115
(iii) Disputed dues - Others
-
1,556
-
2,128
1,745
-
1,745
3,873
Pariculars
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2024
Less than 1
More than 3
Total
(i) MSME - undispusted
-
(ii) Others - undisputed
-
1,435
-
1,435
2,344

Standalone Financial Statements
3.16 Other financial liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - current
-
Others
Current
Unclaimed dividends
Accrued salaries and benefits
1,172
1,099
Other employee costs
Others
Liabilities towards customer contracts
Others
1,883
1,743
Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments (refer note 3.31(a))
-
Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments (refer note 3.31(a))
1,889
1,748
3.17. Contract liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - Current
Contract liabilities (refer note 3.21)
Contract liabilities - related paries (refer note 3.21 and 3.33)
-
Current
Contract liabilities (refer note 3.21)
1,086
Contract liabilities - related paries (refer note 3.21 and 3.33)
4,124
2,742
5,088
3,828

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.18. Provisions
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non-current
Provision for gratuity (refer note 3.32)
1,291
1,065
Current
Provision for gratuity (refer note 3.32)
Other provisions
3.19 Other non-current liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Other deposits
3.20Other current liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Advances received from customers
Withholding and other statutory dues
Others
3.21 Revenue from operations
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Sale of services
50,949
47,957
Sale of hardware and software
51,105
48,118

Standalone Financial Statements
Disaggregate revenue information
The disaggregated revenue from customers by geographic area based on location of the customer is as follows.
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
United States of America (USA)
11,919
12,884
Europe
31,485
26,686
India*
3,720
3,828
Rest of world
3,981
4,720
51,105
48,118
* includes revenue billed to India based captive of global customers
Remaining perormance obligations
Remaining perormance obligations are subject to variability due to several factors such as terminations, changes
in scope of contracts, periodic revalidations of the estimates, economic factors (changes in currency rates, tax laws
etc). As at 31 March 2025, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to remaining perormance obligation
as per the requirements of Ind AS 115 was ₹52,523 crores (31 March 2024, ₹51,922 crores) out of which, approximately
42% (31 March 2024, 42%) is expected to be recognized as revenues within one year and the balance beyond one year.
These amounts are not adjusted for variable consideration allocated to remaining perormance obligation, which are
not probable. These amounts also exclude contracts for which we recognize revenues based on the right to invoice
for services perormed and contracts where consideration is in the form of a sales-based or usage-based royalty
promised in exchange for a license of intellectual propery.
Contract balances
Contract assets of ₹66 crores as on 31 March 2025, perains to current year.
Contract liabilities
The below table discloses the movement in balances of contract liabilities :
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
3,929
3,862
Additional amounts billed but not recognized as revenue
3,571
2,544
Deduction on account of revenues recognized during the year
(2,356)
(2,481)
Acquired through business combination
-
5,156
3,929
Deferred contract cost: Deferred contract cost primarily represents the contract fulfilment cost and cost for obtaining
the contract.
The below table discloses the movement in balance of deferred contract cost:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Additional cost capitalized during the year
Deduction on account of cost amorized during the year
(151)
(226)
-
(1)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Reconciliation of revenue recognised with the contracted price is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Contracted price
51,218
48,262
Reduction towards variable consideration components
(113)
(144)
Revenue recognised
51,105
48,118
The reduction towards variable consideration comprises of volume discounts, service level credits, etc.
3.22. Other income
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest income
- On debt securities
- On bank and other deposits
- On others
- Unrealized gains on fair value changes on mutual funds
- Profit on sale of mutual funds
Dividends from subsidiary companies
Profit on sale of propery, plant and equipments (net) (refer note below)
Provision for doubtful debts/bad debts writen back (net)
-
Miscellaneous income
1,234
1,076
Note : Net of loss on sale of propery, plant and equipments of ₹1 crore (previous year, ₹1 crore).
3.23 Changes in inventories of stock-in-trade
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Opening stock
Less : Closing stock
3.24 Employee benefits expense
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
21,331
19,951
Contribution to provident fund and other employee funds
22,414
20,965

Standalone Financial Statements
3.25. Finance costs
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest on lease liabilities
Interest on direct taxes
Other interest costs and bank charges
3.26. Other expenses
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Communication costs
Recruitment, training and development
Expenditure toward corporate social responsibility activities (refer note 3.39)
Insurance
Rent (refer note 3.30)
-
Others
3,392
3,027
3.27. Income taxes
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Income tax charged to statement of profit and loss
Current income tax charge
3,344
2,873
4,208
3,782
Income tax charged to other comprehensive income
Expense (benefit) on re-measurements of defined benefit plans
(20)
Expense (benefit) on revaluation of cash flow hedges
(11)
Expense (benefit) on unrealized gain (loss) on debt instruments
-
(25)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The reconciliation between the Company s provision for income tax and amount computed by applying the statutory
income tax rate in India is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
16,474
15,456
Statutory tax rate in India
34.94%
Expected tax expense
5,756
5,401
Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected tax expense to repored tax
Non-taxable expor income
(1,491)
(1,674)
Provision (reversal) due to change in tax position and impact of prior period
(168)
(8)
Others (net)
4,208
3,782
Effective tax rate
25.54%
24.47%
The company has benefited from cerain tax incentives that the Government of India has provided for the units
situated in Special Economic Zones (SEZs) under the Special Economic Zone Act, 2005, which began providing
services on or after 1 April 2005. The eligible units are eligible for a deduction of 100% of profits or gains derived from
the expor of services for the first five years from the year of commencement of operations and 50% of such profits and
gains for the next five years. Cerain tax benefits are also available for a furher period of five years subject to meeting
reinvestment conditions.The aforesaid tax benefits will not be available to units having commenced the operations
after 31 March 2021.
The Company is subject to Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) on its book profits if normal tax liability is lower than MAT,
which gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of adjustment of future income tax liability. MAT paid for a
year can be set-off against the normal tax liability within fifteen subsequent years, expiring between the years 2025 to
2039.
Corporate taxpayers can opt for a specified lower tax rate in lieu of current applicable tax rate subject to taxpayers not
claiming any specified tax incentives including tax incentives available to special economic zone units and carryover
of unutilized MAT credit ( new tax regime ). The Company will opt for new tax regime in the year new tax regime is
beneficial to the Company.
The tax returns are subject to examination by the tax authorities in the jurisdictions where the Company conducts
business. Regular tax examination is open for India, for tax years beginning 1 April, 2022 and cerain maters relating
to prior years for which the tax assessment has already got concluded are subject to ongoing litigations, appeals and
reassessment proceedings. The Company has significant inter-company transactions with its subsidiaries and has also
filed for bilateral advance pricing agreements in cerain jurisdictions staring from 1 April 2017 for some of which the
resolutions have been reached during the year and accounted for in the financial statements. For cerain jurisdictions,
the resolution is yet to be reached. Resolution of these maters involves some degree of uncerainty; accordingly, the
Company recognizes income tax liability that IT believes will ultimately result from the proceedings.

Standalone Financial Statements
Components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as on 31 March 2025
Opening
Recognized
Recognized
from OCI
Recognized
Closing
1,050
(1,050)
-
(20)
-
Lease liabilities
-
(17)
Others
-
1,888
(940)
(17)
(45)
-
Unrealized gain on derivative financial
-
(11)
-
1,964
(74)
-
1,890
-
Others
-
2,353
(76)
(5)
-
2,272
Net deferred tax liability (A-B)
(465)
(864)
(17)
(1,321)
Components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as on 31 March 2024
Opening
Recognized
Recognised
from OCI
Recognized
Closing
2,073
(1,023)
-
1,050
(8)
-
(8)
-
(3)
-
Lease liabilities
-
Others
(47)
-
2,880
(1,005)
(8)
1,888

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Opening
Recognized
Recognised
from OCI
Recognized
Closing
(47)
-
2,063
(99)
-
1,964
-
Unrealized gain on derivative financial
-
Others
-
2,337
(96)
-
2,353
Net deferred tax liability (A-B)
(909)
(120)
(465)
3.28 Components of other comprehensive income
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
A
Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit and loss
Actuarial gains
(8)
B
Opening balance
Foreign currency translation gains
Closing balance
(18)
Net gains reclassified into statement of profit and loss on occurrence of
hedged transactions
(133)
(107)
(112)
Unrealized gain on debt instruments
(2)
(1)
(6)
-
(2)
TOTAL (B)

Standalone Financial Statements
3.29 Earnings per equity share (EPS)
The computation of earnings per equity share is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Net profit as per statement of profit and loss
12,266
11,674
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding in calculating basic EPS
2,710,595,926
2,707,840,239
Dilutive effect of Restricted Stock Units outstanding
2,608,333
6,025,296
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding in calculating diluted EPS
2,713,204,259
2,713,865,535
Nominal value of equity shares (in ₹)
Earnings per equity share (in ₹)
- Basic
45.25
43.11
- Diluted
45.21
43.02
3.30Leases
Company as a lessee
The Company s significant leasing arrangements are in respect of leases for office spaces, leasehold land and IT
equipments.
The details of the right-of-use assets held by the Company is as follows:
Leasehold
Buildings
Computers and
Total
Balance as at 1 April 2023
Depreciation
(4)
(190)
(11)
(205)
Additions
-
Derecognition
-
(7)
-
(7)
-
(1)
Balance as at 31 March 2024
1,048
Balance as at 1 April 2024
1,048
Depreciation
(4)
(221)
Additions
-
Derecognition
-
(57)
(50)
(107)
-
Balance as at 31 March 2025
1,192
The reconciliation of lease liabilities is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Additions
Amounts recognized in statement of profit and loss as interest expense
Payment of lease liabilities
(297)
(258)
Derecognition
(72)
(6)
(1)
1,015

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The lease rental expense relating to shor-term leases recognized in the statement of profit and loss for the year
amounted to ₹8 crores (previous year, ₹2 crores).
The following table presents a maturity analysis of expected undiscounted cash flows for lease liabilities:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Within one year
One to two years
Two to three years
Three to five years
Thereafter
Total lease payments
1,191
Imputed interest
(176)
(134)
Total lease liabilities
1,015
Cerain lease agreements include options to terminate or extend the leases. The lease agreements do not contain any
material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
Lease liability excludes extension options, as the company can replace these assets without significant cost or
business disruption. As at 31 March 2025, undiscounted potential future cash outflows of ₹768 crores ( 31 March 2024,
₹631 crores) have not been included in the lease liability because IT is not reasonably cerain that the leases will be
extended (or not terminated).
Company as a lessor
The Company has given IT equipments to its customers on a finance lease basis. The future lease receivables in
respect of assets given on finance lease are as follows:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Total minimum lease payments receivable
Not later than one year
Later than one year and not later than 5 years
Interest included in minimum lease payments receivable
(10)
(8)
Present value of minimum lease payments receivable
3.31. Financial instruments
Derivatives
The Company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations on assets/liabilities and forecasted cash flows denominated
in foreign currency. The use of derivatives to hedge the risk is governed by the Company s strategy, which provides
principles on the use of such forward contracts and currency options consistent with the Company s risk management
policy. The company determines hedge ratio based on prevailing market conditions, availability and liquidity of
hedging instruments, and hedge ineffectiveness. The counterpary in these derivative instruments are banks and the
Company considers the risks of non-perormance by the counterpary as insignificant. The Company has entered into
a series of foreign exchange forward contracts and options that are designated as cash flow hedges and the related
forecasted transactions extend through March 2030. The Company does not use these derivative instruments for
speculative purposes.

Standalone Financial Statements
The following table presents the aggregate notional principal amounts of the outstanding derivative instruments
which have been designated as cash flow hedges:
Notional
Currency
Notional
principal
amounts
(amount in
millions)
Balance sheet
exposure Asset
(Liability)
As at 31 March 2025
Forward contracts (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
1,830
GBP/INR
GBP
(11)
EUR/INR
EUR
CHF/INR
CHF
SEK/INR
SEK
AUD/INR
AUD
NOK/INR
NOK
CAD/INR
CAD
JPY/INR
JPY
6,337
SGD/INR
SGD
Range Forward (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
-
GBP/INR
GBP
-
EUR/INR
EUR
-
Notional
Currency
Notional
principal
amounts
(amount in
millions)
Balance sheet
exposure Asset
(Liability)
As at 31 March 2024
Forward contracts (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
2,406
GBP/INR
GBP
EUR/INR
EUR
CHF/INR
CHF
SEK/INR
SEK
1,105
AUD/INR
AUD
NOK/INR
NOK
CAD/INR
CAD
JPY/INR
JPY
5,962
SGD/INR
SGD
Range Forward (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
GBP/INR
GBP
EUR/INR
EUR

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The Company has entered into derivatives instrument not designated as hedging relationship by way of foreign
exchange forward contracts and currency options. As at 31 March 2025 and 2024, the notional principal amount of
outstanding contracts aggregated to ₹2,458 crores and ₹3,138 crores, respectively and the respective balance sheet
exposure of these contracts have a net gain of ₹22 crores and net loss of ₹(3) crores.
The notional amount is a key element of derivative financial instrument agreements. However, notional amounts do
not represent the amount exchanged by counterparies and do not measure the Company s exposure to credit risk as
these contracts are setled at their fair values at the maturity date.
The balance sheet exposure denotes the fair values of these contracts at the reporing date and is presented in
₹crores. The Company presents its foreign exchange derivative instruments on a net basis in the financial statements
due to the right of offset by its individual counterparies under master neting agreements.
As at 31 March 2025
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
Total fair
Current
Non current
Current
Non current
(31)
(19)
(34)
(19)
(103)
(3)
-
(6)
-
(9)
-
(15)
-
(3)
-
(6)
-
As at 31 March 2024
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
Total fair
Current
Non current
Current
Non current
(10)
(11)
(10)
(11)
(42)
-
(2)
-
(7)
-
(9)
-
(5)
-
(4)
(5)
-

Standalone Financial Statements
The following tables set forh the fair value of derivative instruments included in the balance sheets as at each date
indicated:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Unrealized gain on financial instruments classified under non-current financial
assets
Unrealized loss on financial instruments classified under current financial liabilities
(3)
-
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
Unrealized loss on financial instruments classified under current financial liabilities
(3)
(5)
(4)
The following table summarizes the activities in the statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Derivatives in hedging relationships
Effective porion of gain (loss) recognized in OCI on derivatives
(18)
Effective porion of gain reclassified from OCI into statement of profit and loss as
revenue
Derivatives not in hedging relationships
Gain (loss) recognized into statement of profit and loss as exchange differences
(115)
The following table summarizes the activity in Other comprehensive income related to all derivatives classified as
cash flow hedges:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Gain as at the beginning of the year
Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives during the year
(18)
Net gain reclassified into statement of profit and loss on occurrence of hedged
transactions
(133)
(107)
Gain as at the end of the year
Deferred tax liability
(118)
(129)
Cash flow hedging reserve (net of tax)
The estimated net amount of existing gain that is expected to be reclassified into the statement of profit and loss
within the next twelve months is ₹129 crores (previous year, ₹190 crores).

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Financial assets and liabilities
The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at 31 March 2025 is as follows:
Fair value
Fair value
Amorized
Total carrying
Financial assets
Investments (other than in subsidiaries)
3,052
4,309
-
7,361
-
14,976
-
3,847
Loans
-
1,300
Others
1,364
1,842
Total
3,077
4,762
22,079
29,918
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
Lease liabilities
-
1,015
-
3,873
Others
1,900
1,906
Total
6,814
6,820
The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at 31 March 2024 is as follows:
Fair value
Fair value
Amorized
Total carrying
Financial assets
Investments (other than in subsidiaries)
3,310
3,491
-
6,801
-
12,320
-
6,792
Loans
-
1,079
Others
1,126
1,769
Total
3,311
4,133
22,154
29,598
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
Lease liabilities
-
2,344
Others
-
1,751
1,756
Total
-
5,009
5,014

Standalone Financial Statements
Transfer of financial assets
The Company in the normal course of business sells cerain trade receivables to banks. Under the terms of
arrangements, the Company surrenders control over these assets and transfer is on a non-recourse basis.
During the year ended 31 March 2025 and 2024, the Company has sold cerain trade receivables on non-recourse
basis. Gains or losses on the sales are recorded at the time of transfers of these receivables and are immaterial.
Fair value hierarchy
The assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at 31 March 2025 and the basis for that
Fair Value
Level 1 inputs
Level 2 inputs
Level 3 inputs
Assets
3,052
3,048
-
4,309
-
4,309
-
Liabilities
-
The assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at 31 March 2024 and the basis for that
Fair Value
Level 1 inputs
Level 2 inputs
Level 3 inputs
Assets
3,310
-
3,491
-
3,491
-
Liabilities
-
There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the current and previous year.
Valuation Methodologies
Investments: The Company s investments consist of investment in debt linked mutual funds which are determined
using quoted prices or identical quoted prices of assets or liabilities in active markets and are classified as Level 1. Fair
value of corporate debt securities is determined using observable markets inputs and is classified as Level 2.
Derivative financial instruments: The Company s derivative financial instruments consist of foreign currency forward
exchange contracts and options. Fair values for derivative financial instruments are based on counter pary quotations
and are classified as Level 2.
The company assessed that fair value of cash and cash equivalent, loans, shor-term deposits, trade receivables,
other current financial assets, trade payables, bank overdrafts and other current financial liabilities approximate their
carrying amounts largely due to the shor-term maturities of these instruments.
Financial risk management
The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk which may impact the fair value of its financial
instruments. The Company has a risk management policy to manage and mitigate these risks.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The Company s risk management policy aims to reduce volatility in financial statements while maintaining balance
between providing predictability in the Company s business plan along with reasonable paricipation in market
movement.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes
in market prices. Market risk comprises of currency risk and interest rate risk. The Company is primarily exposed to
fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates.
Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of
changes in exchange rates. The Company s exposure to the risk of changes in exchange rates relates primarily to
the Company s operations and the Company s net investments in foreign branches.
The exchange rate risk primarily arises from assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the
functional currency of the respective branches and foreign currency forecasted revenue and cash flows. A
significant porion of the Company revenue is in US Dollar, Pound Sterling (GBP) and Euro while a large porion of
costs are in Indian rupees. The fluctuation in exchange rates in respect to India rupee may have potential impact
on the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and equity.
To mitigate the foreign currency risk, the Company uses derivatives as governed by the Company s strategy, which
provides principles on the use of such forward contracts and currency options consistent with the Company s
Risk Management Policy.
Appreciation/depreciation of 5% in respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of the
Company & its branches would result in increase/decrease in the Company s profit before tax by approximately
₹537 crores (31 March 2024, ₹575 crores) for the year ended 31 March 2025.
The rate sensitivity is calculated by aggregation of the net foreign exchange rate exposure and a simultaneous
parallel foreign exchange rates shift of all the currencies by 5% against the respective functional currencies of
the Company and its branches. The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual
Non-derivative foreign currency exposure in major currencies is as below:
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
USD/INR
11,407
7,215
2,227
GBP/INR
EUR/INR
1,268
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. The Company s investments are primarily in fixed rate interest bearing
investments. Hence the Company is not significantly exposed to interest rate risk.
Credit risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash
and bank balances, inter-corporate deposits, trade receivables, finance lease receivables, investment securities and
derivative instruments. The cash resources of the Company are invested with mutual funds, banks, financial institutions
and corporations after an evaluation of the credit risk. By their nature, all such financial instruments involve risks,
including the credit risk of non-perormance by counterparies.
The customers of the Company are primarily corporations based in the United States of America and Europe and
accordingly, trade receivables, unbilled receivables and finance lease receivables are concentrated in the respective
countries. The Company periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial

Standalone Financial Statements
condition, current economic trends, analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of trade receivables, unbilled
receivables, contract assets and finance lease receivables. The Company also outsourced selected client related
credit risks to financial markets through Non-recourse assignment of receivables.
The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on customer balances is as below:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year
Additional provision during the year
Deductions on account of write offs and collections
(76)
(108)
Balance at the end of the year
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with financial
liabilities. The investment philosophy of the Company is capital preservation and liquidity in preference to returns. The
Company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from operations and has access to multiple sources of funding
to meet the financial obligations and maintain adequate liquidity for use.
Maturity profile of the Company s financial liabilities based on contractual payments is as below:
Year 1
(Current)
Year 2
Year 3
Year
4-5 and
thereafter
Total
As at 31 March 2025
Borrowings
-
Lease liabilities
1,191
3,873
-
3,873
-
Others
1,883
-
1,900
Total
6,103
6,997
As at 31 March 2024
Borrowings
Lease liabilities
2,344
-
2,344
-
Others
1,743
-
1,751
Total
4,385
5,153

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.32. Employee benefits
The Company has calculated the various benefits provided to employees as shown below:
(A)
Defined contribution plans and state plans
Superannuation Fund
Employer s contribution to Employee Pension Scheme
During the year, the Company has recognized the following amounts in the statement of profit and loss :-
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Superannuation Fund
Employer s contribution to Employee s Pension Scheme
Total
The Company has contributed ₹42 crores (previous year ₹45 crores) towards other defined contribution plans of
branches outside India.
(B) Defined benefit plans
Gratuity
Employer s contribution to provident fund
Gratuity
The following table sets out the status of the gratuity plan:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest cost (net)
Balance Sheet
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
1,139
1,124

Standalone Financial Statements
Changes in present value of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest cost
(1)
(17)
Experience adjustments
(9)
(10)
Business combination
Benefits paid
(71)
(65)
1,139
Changes in fair value of the plan assets are as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Opening fair value of plan assets
Interest income
Contributions
Benefits paid
(69)
(62)
Closing fair value of plan assets
The overall expected rate of return on assets is determined based on the market prices prevailing on that date,
applicable to the period over which the obligation is to be setled.
The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity for the Company s plans are shown below:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Discount rate
6.70%
7.20%
5.50%
6.00%
Expected rate of return on assets
6.70%
7.20%
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in the actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority,
promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market. Inherent risk exists
for the Company that any adverse salary growth or demographic experience or inadequate returns on underlying
plan assets can result in an increase in cost of providing these benefits to employees in future. Since the benefits
are lump sum in nature the plan is not subject to any longevity risks.
Discount rate and future salary escalation rate are the key actuarial assumptions to which the defined benefit
obligation are paricularly sensitive. The following table summarizes the impact on defined benefit obligation as
at 31 March 2025 arising due to increase/decrease in key actuarial assumptions by 50 basis points:

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Discount rate
Salary escalation rate
As at
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Impact of increase
(30)
(24)
Impact of decrease
(30)
(23)
The sensitivity analysis presented may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit
obligations as sensitivities have been calculated to show the movement in defined benefit obligations in isolation
and assuming there are no other changes in market conditions. There have been no changes from the previous
years in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis.
Year ending 31 March
Cash flows
- 2026
- 2027
- 2028
- 2029
- 2030
- Thereafter
3,493
The weighted average duration for the payment of these cash flows is 5.57 years.
Employers Contribution to Provident Fund
The actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on the basis of guidance issued by Actuarial
Society of India based on the assumption mentioned below.
The details of the fund and plan asset position are given below:
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the year end
8,906
7,529
Present value of benefit obligation at year end
8,906
7,529
Net liability recognized in balance sheet
-
Assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the
Deterministic Approach
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Government of India (GOI) bond yield
6.70%
7.20%
Remaining term of maturity
7.51 years
7.21 years
Expected guaranteed interest rate
8.25%
During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company has contributed ₹543 crores (previous year, ₹483 crores)
towards employer s contribution to provident fund.

Standalone Financial Statements
3.33 Related pary transactions
Related paries where control exists
List of subsidiaries as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 is as below:
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Direct subsidiaries
India
100%
Bermuda
100%
China
100%
Singapore
100%
HCL Training & Staffing Services Private Limited
India
100%
USA
100%
Singapore
100%
Geometric Europe GmbH
Germany
100%
India
100%
H. C L Technologies Lanka (Private) Limited
Sri Lanka
100%
HCL Technologies Jigani Limited !
India
-%
100%
UK
100%
Step down subsidiaries of direct subsidiaries
UK
100%
Australia
100%
New Zealand
100%
Hong Kong
100%
Japan
100%
USA
100%
HCL Technologies Austria GmbH
Austria
100%
India
100%
Poland
100%
UK
100%
UK
100%
UK
100%
Canada
100%
HCL Technologies Solutions GmbH
Switzerland
100%
UK
100%
Malaysia
100%
HCL Axon Solutions (Shanghai) Co. Limited
China
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
HCL Technologies (Proprietary) Ltd %
South Africa
48.16%
Argentina
100%
HCL Technologies Mexico S.De.R.L.De.C.V
Mexico
100%
Romania
100%
Hungary
100%
HCL Latin America Holding LLC
USA
100%
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia da Informacao LTDA
Brazil
100%
HCL Technologies Denmark Aps
Denmark
100%
HCL Technologies Norway AS
Norway
100%
Indonesia
100%
Philippines
100%
HCL Technologies South Africa (Proprietary) Limited %
South Africa
36.4%
HCL Arabia LLC
Saudi Arabia
100%
HCL Technologies France SAS
France
100%
Filial Espanola De HCL Technologies S.L
Spain
100%
Anzospan Investments Pty Limited %
South Africa
70%
UK
100%
Statestreet HCL Holding UK Limited **
UK
-%
100%
Statestreet HCL Services (Philippines) Inc. **
Philippines
-%
100%
Statestreet HCL Services (India) Private Limited **
India
-%
100%
USA
100%
HCL Technologies Chile Spa
Chile
100%
UK
100%
Netherlands
100%
HCL (Ireland) Information Systems Limited
Ireland
100%
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
Germany
100%
HCL Technologies Belgium BV
Belgium
100%
HCL Technologies Sweden AB
Sweden
100%
HCL Technologies Finland Oy
Finland
100%
HCL Technologies Italy S.P.A
Italy
100%
HCL Technologies Columbia S.A.S
Columbia
100%
HCL Technologies Middle East FZ-LLC
UAE
100%
HCL Istanbul Bilisim Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi
Turkey
100%

Standalone Financial Statements
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
HCL Technologies Greece Single Member P.C
Greece
100%
Venezuela
100%
HCL Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd
China
100%
HCL Technologies Luxembourg S.a r.l
Luxembourg
100%
Egypt
100%
HCL Technologies Estonia OÜ
Estonia
100%
Thailand
100%
Czech Republic
100%
HCL Muscat Technology LLC
Oman
100%
HCL Technologies Lithuania UAB
Lithuania
100%
China
100%
China
100%
Butler America Aerospace LLC
USA
100%
HCL Lending Solutions, LLC
USA
100%
Datawave (An HCL Technologies Company) Limited !
Scotland
-%
100%
UK
100%
India
100%
C3i Europe Eood
Bulgaria
100%
C3i Japan GK
Japan
100%
C3i Services & Technologies (Dalian) Co., Ltd
China
100%
USA
100%
Actian Australia Pty. Ltd.
Australia
100%
UK
100%
Actian France SAS
France
100%
Actian Germany GmbH
Germany
100%
USA
100%
India
100%
Versant GmbH
Germany
100%
Versant India Private Limited $
India
-%
100%
HCL Technologies Vietnam Company Limited
Vietnam
100%
HCL Guatemala, Sociedad Anonima
Guatemala
100%
Sankguj Semiconductor Private Limited $
India
-%
100%
Canada
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Sankalp Semiconductor GmbH. !
Germany
-%
100%
HCL Technologies Trinidad And Tobago Limited
Trinidad and
Tobago
100%
HCL Technologies Azerbaijan Limited Liability Company
Azerbaijan
100%
HCL Technologies Bulgaria EOOD
Bulgaria
100%
100. HCL Vietnam Company Limited
Vietnam
100%
HCL Technologies Angola (SU), LDA
Angola
100%
Australia
100%
New Zealand
100%
104. Phoenix IT & T Consulting Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
106. DWS (NSW) Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
109 DWS Product Solutions Pty Ltd !
Australia
-%
100%
Graeme V Jones & Associates Pty Ltd !
Australia
-%
100%
Strategic Data Management Pty Ltd !
Australia
-%
100%
SDM Sales Pty Ltd !
Australia
-%
100%
Peru
100%
HCL Technologies Costa Rica Sociedad De
Responsabilidad Limitada
Costa Rica
100%
HCL Technologies gbs GmbH
Germany
51%
Slovakia
100%
HCL Technologies Bahrain W.L.L
Bahrain
100%
Morocco
100%
USA
100%
HCL Technologies Swizterland AG (Formerly Confinale
AG )
Switzerland
100%
Confinale (Deutschland) GmbH
Germany
100%
UK
100%
India
100%
ASAP Holding GmbH
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Gaimersheim
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Russelsheim
Germany
100%

Standalone Financial Statements
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
ASAP Electronics GmbH
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Weyhausen
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Friedrichshafen
Germany
100%
ASAP Quality Consulting GmbH
Germany
100%
FIDUS Personal GmbH
Germany
100%
Sigl Bordnetz Design GmbH *
Germany
-%
100%
Dicturus Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft GmbH
& Co. Vermie
Germany
94%
Zeenea Inc # !
USA
-%
Zeenea SAS #
France
100%
-%
Zeenea Benelux #
Belgium
100%
-%
HCL Technologies Sdn Bhd ^
Brunei
100%
-%
HCLTech Public Sector Solutions Inc. ^
USA
100%
-%
^ Incorporated during the year
# Acquired during the year
! Closed during the year
* Merged during the year
$ Amalgamated during the year
% The Group has majority composition of board of directors and management control.
** Sold during the year
Employee benefit trusts incorporated in India
Hindustan Instruments Limited Employees Provident Fund Trust
HCL Consulting Limited Employees Superannuation Scheme
HCL Comnet System and Services Limited Employees Provident Fund Trust
HCL Technologies Employees Group Gratuity Trust
HCL Technologies Stock Options Trust
C3i Suppor Services Employees Gratuity Trust
Sankalp Semiconductor Private Limited Employees Group Gratuity Trust
Related paries with whom transactions have taken place
Key Management Personnel
Mr. C. Vijayakumar - Chief Executive Officer and Managing director
Mr. Shiv Walia - Chief Financial Officer (appointed Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. 6 September 2024)
Mr. Manish Anand - Company Secretary
Mr. Prateek Aggarwal - Chief Financial Officer (ceased to be Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. 6 September 2024)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Non-Executive & Independent Directors
Mr. Thomas Sieber
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
Mr. Simon England
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian
Ms. Lee Fang Chew (appointed director w.e.f. 24 April 2024)
Mr. R. Srinivasan (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Ms. Robin Abrams (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Dr. Sosale S. Sastry (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Mr. S. Madhavan (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Dr. Mohan Chellappa (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Non-Executive & Non-Independent Directors
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra, Chairperson
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
Others (Significant influence)
HCL Infotech Limited
Mr. Shiv Nadar
HCL Avitas Private Limited
Ms. Kiran Nadar
HCL IT City Lucknow Private Limited
HCL Infosystems Limited
Naksha Enterprises Private Limited
Kiran Nadar Museum of Ar*
Guvi Geek Network Private Limited
Mr. Raj Kumar Walia
Shiv Nadar Foundation*
Shiv Nadar Institution of Eminence deemed to be University*
* Public Charitable Trusts in which Mr. Shiv Nadar or his family members are managing trustees.
Transactions with related paries during the
normal course of business
Subsidiaries
Significant influence
Year ended
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
35,184
31,178
Interest income
-
Dividend income
-
Outsourcing cost and other expenses
6,419
6,204
-

Standalone Financial Statements
Transactions with related paries during the
normal course of business
Subsidiaries
Significant influence
Year ended
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interim dividend
-
9,906
8,582
Corporate guarantee fees
-
Investments
-
Depreciation charge on right-of-use assets
-
Interest expense on the lease liability
-
Purchase of bank deposits (including accrued
interest)
-
Purchase of vehicle
-
Material related pary transactions
Subsidiaries
Significant influence
Year ended
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Revenues from operations
HCL Technologies Corporate Services
23,733
15,490
-
1,829
2,756
-
HCL America Inc., United States of America
1,981
1,551
-
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
1,319
1,335
-
HCLSoftware Products Limited
-
Outsourcing cost and other expenses
HCL Technologies Corporate Services
1,081
-
HCL America Inc., United States of America
1,381
1,903
-
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
-
HCLSoftware Products Limited
2,093
1,993
-
Interim dividend paid
-
7,191
6,232
-
2,680
2,323
Transactions with Key Managerial personnel during the year (on accrual basis)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Compensation
- Shor-term employee benefits
- Other long-term employee benefits
Interim dividend
Other Long term employee benefits include expense of ₹2 crores (previous year ₹2 crores) recorded by the Company
on account of share-based payments.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Above does not include post-employment benefits based on actuarial valuation as this is done for the company as a
whole.
Transactions with Directors during the year
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Commission & other benefits to Directors (includes siting fees)
Outstanding balances
Subsidiaries
Significant influence
As at
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Trade receivables, other financial assets and
other assets
10,997
8,510
Trade payables, other financial liabilities and
contract liabilities
6,834
4,170
Guarantee outstanding
2,694
2,618
-
Employee and other payables
-
Lease liabilities
-
Material related pary balances
Subsidiaries
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Trade receivables, other financial assets and other assets
5,348
3,334
HCL America Inc., United States of America
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
Trade payables, other financial liabilities and other liabilities
1,452
HCL America Inc., United States of America
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
All transactions entered by the Company with related paries are at arm s length and in ordinary course of business.
No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any
other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities

Standalone Financial Statements
( Intermediaries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
The Company has not received any funds from any persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Funding Paries ),
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly,
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Paries
( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
3.34 Research and development expenditure
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Amount charged to statement of profit and loss
3.35 Commitments and contingent liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Capital commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account
and not provided for (net of advances)
Contingent liabilities
Others
-
The Indian Parliament has approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 which would impact the contributions by
the Company towards Provident Fund and Gratuity. The effective date from which the changes are applicable is
yet to be notified and the final rules are yet to be notified. The Company will carry out an evaluation of the impact
and record the same in the financial statements in the period in which the Code becomes effective and the
related rules are notified.
The Company is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business,
the outcome of which is inherently uncerain. Some of these maters include speculative and frivolous claims
for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. The Company records a liability when IT is both probable
that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to
determine both probability and the estimated amount. The Company reviews these provisions at least quarerly
and adjusts these provisions accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, setlements, rulings, advice of
legal counsel, and updated information. The Company believes that the amount or estimable range of reasonably
possible loss, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its business,
standalone financial position, results of the Company, or cash flows with respect to loss contingencies for legal
and other contingencies as at 31 March 2025.
The Company issues financial guarantees to its subsidiaries and charges periodic fees, which is recorded in
statement of profit and loss over the guarantee s term. These guarantees have been issued against credit
facilities, financial assistance and office premises taken on lease amounting to ₹2,694 crores (USD 270 million
and GBP 35 million) (31 March 2024, ₹2,618 crores (USD 270 million and GBP 35 million)). These guarantees have
been given in the normal course of the Company s operations and are not expected to result in any loss to the
Company, on the basis of the beneficiaries fulfilling their ordinary commercial obligations.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.36 Payment to auditors
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Audit Fees
Other services (Tax audit fees, cerification and out of pocket expenses)
Other non audit tax services
-
-*
*Represent value less than ₹0.50 crores
3.37. Ratio
Ratio
Numerator
Denominator
Units
Year ended
% Variance
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Current ratio
Current assets
Current liabilities
Times
2.1
2.8
(25)%
Total debts
Total equity
Times
0.0
-%
Debt service
coverage ratio
Earning availables
for debt service
Debt service
(refer note 3
Times
44.6
34.4
30%
Return on equity
Average total
%
33.0
29.0
14%
Inventory turnover
(refer note 4 below)
Average
Times
7.7
4.8
60%
Trade receivables
Revenue from
Average trade
Times
3.7
3.8
(3)%
Trade payables
Net credit
purchases (refer
note 5 below)
Average trade
payables
Times
3.5
4.0
(13)%
Net capital
Revenue from
Working capital
(refer note 6
Times
3.4
2.5
36%
Revenue from
%
24.0
24.3
(1)%
Return on capital
employed
Earning before
interest and taxes
Capital
employed (refer
note 7 below)
%
42.2
36.6
15%
Return on investment
Unquoted
Income generated
from invested
funds
Time weighted
investments
%
7.9
7.7
3%
Quoted
Income generated
from invested
funds
Time weighted
investments
%
7.6
7.9
(4)%

Standalone Financial Statements
Notes
(1)
Total debts consists of borrowings and lease liabilities
(2)
Earning availables for debt services = Profit for the year + depreciation, amorisation and impairment + interest
+ loss on sale of propery, plant and equipments + Provision for doubtful debts + share based payment to
employees + non cash charges
(3)
Debt service = Interest + payment for lease liabilities + principal repayments
(4)
Cost of goods sold includes purchase of stock in trade and change in inventories of stock-in-trade
(5)
Net credit purchase includes purchase of stock-in-trade , change in inventories of stock-in-trade, outsourcing
costs and other expenses
(6)
Working capital = current assets - current liabilities
(7)
Capital employed = Tangible net worh includes acquired goodwill and other intangibles assets + total debt -
(8)
Average is calculated based on simple average of opening and closing balances.
Explanation where change in the ratio is more than 25%
Debt service coverage ratio
Debt service coverage ratio has increased to 44.6 times in FY 24-25 from 34.4 times in FY 23-24, due to decrease in
debt and increase in earnings during the year.
Inventory turnover ratio has increased to 7.7 times in FY 24-25 from 4.8 times in FY 23-24, due to decrease in average
inventories with no significant changes in cost of goods sold during the year.
Net capital turnover ratio
Net capital turnover ratio has increased to 3.4 times in FY 24-25 from 2.5 times in FY 23-24, due to decrease in working
capital (increased current liabilities against decreased current assets) during the year.
3.38 Micro and small enterprises
As per information available with the management, the dues payable to enterprises covered under The Micro, Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 are as follows:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Dues remaining unpaid to any supplier
Principal
-
Interest on the above
-
Amount of interest paid in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006, along
with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
during each accounting year
-
Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment
(which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without
adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006
-
Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid
-
Amount of furher interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding
years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the
small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure
under section 23 of MSMED Act, 2006
-
This has been determined on the basis of responses received from vendors on specific confirmation sought by the

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.39 Corporate social responsibility
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
amount required to be spent by the company during the year,
amount of expenditure incurred,
(a) Construction/acquisition of any assets
-
(b) On purpose other than (a) above
shorfall at the end of the year,
-
total of previous years shorfall,
-
reason for shorfall,
NA
NA
nature of CSR activities,
Refer note below
(vii)
details of related pary transactions, e.g., contribution to a trust controlled
by the company in relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting
Standard,
NA
NA
(viii) where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into
a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the year
shall be shown separately
-
Note : CSR activities includes Education, Environment, Skill Development & Livelihood, Water & Sanitation, Promoting
sustainable health, nutrition and hygiene interventions, Gender & Inclusion, Early Childhood Care & Development,
Disaster relief.
3.40Segment Reporing
As per Ind AS 108 Operating Segments , the Company has disclosed the segment information only as par of the
consolidated financial statement.
3.41. Subsequent events
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 22 April 2025 has declared an interim dividend of ₹18 per share.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

Consolidated
Ind AS
Financial Statements

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Independent Auditor s Repor
Repor on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements
of HCL Technologies Limited (hereinafter referred to as
the Holding Company ) and its subsidiaries (Holding
Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the
Group ), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet
as at 31 March 2025, and the consolidated statement
of profit and loss (including other comprehensive
income), consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policies and
other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as
the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid
consolidated financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) in the manner
so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with
the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of
the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at
31 March 2025, of its consolidated profit and other
comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity
and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards
on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the
Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are furher
described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
repor. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements in terms
of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Charered
Accountants of India and the relevant provisions of the
Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the
Key Audit Mater
Key audit maters are those maters that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of
the current period. These maters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
maters.
Evaluation of tax positions and litigations
See Note 1(i) and 3.25 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit mater
How the mater was addressed in our audit
The Group operates in multiple
global jurisdictions which requires IT
to estimate its income tax liabilities
according to the tax laws of the
respective tax jurisdictions. Furher,
there are maters of interpretation in
terms of application of tax laws and
related rules to determine current tax
provision and deferred taxes.
The Group has material tax positions
and litigations on a range of tax
maters primarily in India. This requires
management to make significant
judgments to determine the possible
outcome of uncerain tax positions
and litigations and their consequent
impact on related accounting and
disclosures in the consolidated
In view of the significance of the mater we applied the following audit procedures
in this area, among others to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:

testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the Group s key
controls over identifying uncerain tax positions and maters involving litigations.

obtaining details of tax positions and tax litigations for the year and as at 31 March
2025 and holding discussions with designated management personnel.

assessing and analysing select key correspondences with tax authorities and
inspecting external legal opinions obtained by management for key uncerain tax
positions and tax litigations.

evaluating underlying evidence and documentation to determine whether the
information provides a basis for amounts provided/not provided in the books of

involving our internal tax specialists and evaluating management s underlying key
assumptions in estimating the tax provisions and possible outcome of material tax
positions and litigations; and

in respect of uncerain tax positions and litigations, assessing the computation of
provisions and consequent impact on related accounting and disclosures in the
Other Information
The Holding Company s Management and Board of
Directors are responsible for the other information. The
other information comprises the information included
in the Holding Company s Management Discussion and
Analysis, Board s Repor, including Annexures to Board s
Repor, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Repor

Consolidated Financial Statements
and Corporate Governance Repor, but does not include
the financial statements and auditor s repor thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does
not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated
financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether
the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have perormed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to repor that fact. We
have nothing to repor in this regard.
the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company s Management and Board of
Directors are responsible for the preparation and
presentation of these consolidated financial statements
in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and
fair view of the consolidated state of affairs, consolidated
profit/loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated
statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash
flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, including the
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under
Section 133 of the Act. The respective Management and
Board of Directors of the entities included in the Group
are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for
safeguarding the assets of each entity and for preventing
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the selection
and application of appropriate accounting policies;
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable
and prudent; and the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
which have been used for the purpose of preparation of
the consolidated financial statements by the Management
and Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as
aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements,
the respective Management and Board of Directors of
the entities included in the Group are responsible for
assessing the ability of each entity to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, maters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the respective Board of Directors either intends
to liquidate the entity or to cease operations, or has no
realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the entities included
in the Group are responsible for overseeing the financial
reporing process of each entity.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue an auditor s repor that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As par of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, design and perorm audit
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant
to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for
expressing our opinion on whether the company has
adequate internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by the Management
and Board of Directors.

Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management
and Board of Directors use of the going concern
basis of accounting in preparation of consolidated
financial statements and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncerainty
exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the appropriateness of
this assumption. If we conclude that a material
uncerainty exists, we are required to draw atention
in our auditor s repor to the related disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor s repor.
However, future events or conditions may cause the
Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the consolidated financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
consolidated financial statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance of
the Holding Company and such other entities included
in the consolidated financial statements of which we are
the independent auditors regarding, among other maters,
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with
a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
communicate with them all relationships and other
maters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the maters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those maters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit maters. We describe these maters in our auditor s
repor unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the mater or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a mater should not be communicated
in our repor because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.
Repor on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Repor)
Order, 2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central
Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of the
Act, we give in the Annexure A a statement on the
maters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order,
to the extent applicable.
2. (A)As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we repor, to
the extent applicable, that:
We have sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for
the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid
In our opinion, proper books of account as
required by law relating to preparation of the
aforesaid consolidated financial statements
have been kept so far as IT appears from our
examination of those books except for the
maters stated in the paragraph 2B(f) below
on reporing under Rule 11(g) of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
The consolidated balance sheet, the
consolidated statement of profit and loss
(including other comprehensive income), the
consolidated statement of changes in equity
and the consolidated statement of cash flows
dealt with by this Repor are in agreement with
the relevant books of account maintained for
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated
In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements comply with the Ind AS
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
On the basis of the writen representations
received from the directors of the Holding
Company as on 31 March and 1 April 2025 taken
on record by the Board of Directors of the
Holding Company and on the basis of writen
representations received by the management
from the directors of its subsidiary companies
which are incorporated in India, as on 1 April
2025, none of the directors of the Group
companies incorporated in India is disqualified
as on 31 March 2025 from being appointed as a
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
The modifications relating to the maintenance of
accounts and other maters connected therewith
are as stated in the paragraph 2A(b) above on
reporing under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and
paragraph 2B(f) below on reporing under Rule 11(g)
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
With respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls with reference to financial
statements of the Holding Company and its
subsidiary companies incorporated in India and
the operating effectiveness of such controls,
refer to our separate Repor in Annexure B .
(B)
With respect to the other maters to be included in
the Auditor s Repor in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in
our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us:
The consolidated financial statements disclose
the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March
2025 on the consolidated financial position of
the Group. Refer income tax liabilities disclosed
in the balance sheet along with Note 3.25
and Note 3.34 to the consolidated financial
statements.
The Group did not have any material foreseeable
losses on long-term contracts including
derivative contracts during the year ended 31
March 2025.
There has been no delay in transferring amounts
to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
by the Holding Company during the year ended
31 March 2025. There are no amounts which
are required to be transferred to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the subsidiary
companies incorporated in India during the year
ended 31 March 2025.

Consolidated Financial Statements
The management of the Holding Company
has represented that, to the best of
its knowledge and belief, as disclosed
in the Note 3.32 to the consolidated
advanced or loaned or invested (either
from borrowed funds or share premium or
any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Holding Company or any of such subsidiary
companies incorporated in India to or in
any other person(s) or entity(ies), including
foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the
Holding Company or any of such subsidiary
companies incorporated in India ( Ultimate
The management of the Holding Company
has represented that, to the best of its
knowledge and belief, as disclosed in the
Note 3.32 to the consolidated financial
statements, no funds have been received
by the Holding Company or any of such
subsidiary companies incorporated in India
from any person(s) or entity(ies), including
foreign entities ( Funding Paries ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing
or otherwise, that the Holding Company
or any of such subsidiary companies
incorporated in India shall directly or
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or
entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Paries
( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of
the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
Based on the audit procedures that
have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing
has come to our notice that has caused
us to believe that the representations
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as
provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain any
material misstatement.
The interim dividend declared or paid by the
Holding Company during the year and until the
date of this audit repor is in accordance with
Section 123 of the Act. The subsidiary companies
incorporated in India have neither declared nor
paid any dividend during the year.
Based on our examination which included
test checks, the Holding Company and its six
subsidiary companies incorporated in India,
which are audited by us, have used accounting
softwares for maintaining its books of account
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit
log) facility except that the audit trail has been
enabled at the database level to log any direct
data changes from 1 June 2024 onwards. Except
for the period from 1 April 2024 to 31 May 2024
at database level, the audit trail facility has
been operating throughout the period for all
relevant transactions recorded in the software
and we did not come across any instance of
audit trail feature being tampered with during
the course of our audit. Additionally, where audit
trail (edit log) facility was enabled in the previous
year, the audit trail has been preserved by the
Holding Company and its subsidiary companies
incorporated in India as per the statutory
requirements for record retention.
In case of one subsidiary incorporated in India, as
communicated by the auditor of such subsidiary,
the feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
facility of the accounting software used for
maintaining books of account was enabled and
the same has operated throughout the year for
all relevant transactions. Furher, they did not
come across any instance of audit trail feature
being tampered with during their course of audit.
Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved
as per the statutory requirements for record
retention.
(C)
With respect to the mater to be included in the
Auditor s Repor under Section 197(16) of the Act:
In our opinion and according to the information and
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid
during the current year by the Holding Company to
its directors is in accordance with the provisions of
Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any
director by the Holding Company is not in excess of
the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. The
subsidiary companies incorporated in India have not
paid any remuneration to its directors during the year.
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed
other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which
are required to be commented upon by us.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Membership No.: 092212
ICAI UDIN:25092212BMMJFG1868
Place : Gurugram
Date : 22 April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor s Repor on the
Consolidated Financial Statements of HCL Technologies
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under Repor on Other Legal
and Regulatory Requirements section of our repor of
even date)
(xxi) The Companies (Auditor s Repor) Order (CARO) of
the Holding Company and one subsidiary did not
include any unfavorable answers or qualifications or
adverse remarks. According to the information and
explanations given to us, in respect of the following
companies incorporated in India and included in
the consolidated financial statements, the CARO
repor relating to them has not been issued by their
respective auditors till the date of this principal
auditors repor:
entities
CIN
Subsidiary
HCL Software
Products
U72300DL1995PLC069891
Subsidiary
HCL Comnet
Systems
and Services
U74899DL1993PLC056665
Subsidiary
HCL Training
& Staffing
Services Private
U74140DL2015PTC281555
Subsidiary
Sankalp
Semiconductor
U72100KA2005PTC037574
Subsidiary
C3i Suppor
Services Private
U72200TG2003PTC041797
Subsidiary
Quest
Informatics
U72200KA2000PTC026374
Subsidiary
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Membership No.: 092212
ICAI UDIN:25092212BMMJFG1868
Place : Gurugram
Date : 22 April 2025
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor s Repor on the
consolidated financial statements of HCL Technologies
Repor on the internal financial controls with reference
to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under Repor on Other
Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our repor
of even date)
Opinion
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of HCL Technologies Limited (hereinafter
referred to as the Holding Company ) as of and for the
year ended 31 March 2025, we have audited the internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements of
the Holding Company and such companies incorporated
in India under the Act which are its subsidiary companies,
as of that date.
In our opinion, the Holding Company and such companies
incorporated in India which are its subsidiary companies,
have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements and such
internal financial controls were operating effectively as
at 31 March 2025, based on the internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements criteria established
by such companies considering the essential components
of such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial
Reporing issued by the Institute of Charered Accountants
of India (the Guidance Note ).
Internal Financial Controls
The respective Company s Management and the Board of
Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining
internal financial controls based on the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements criteria
established by the respective company considering the
essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal
financial controls that were operating effectively for
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business,
including adherence to the respective company s
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required
under the Act.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance
with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing,
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements. Those Standards and
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical

Consolidated Financial Statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management
override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections
of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements to future periods are
subject to the risk that the internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Parner
Membership No.: 092212
ICAI UDIN:25092212BMMJFG1868
Place : Gurugram
Date : 22 April 2025
requirements and plan and perorm the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal
were established and maintained and if such controls
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves perorming procedures to obtain audit
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected
depend on the auditor s judgement, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to
Financial Statements
A company s internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporing and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
include those policies and procedures that (1) perain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Note
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
ASSETS
(1)
Non-current assets
(a) Propery, plant and equipment
3.1
4,501
4,891
3.1
3,016
2,910
(d) Goodwill
3.2
21,756
20,132
3.3
6,899
7,130
Financial assets
Investments
3.4
Trade receivables - unbilled
3.5(a)
1,022
Loans
3.6
Others
3.7
2,212
1,346
(g) Deferred tax assets (net)
3.25
1,064
1,031
(h) Other non-current assets
3.9
2,229
1,894
Total non-current assets
43,435
40,446
(2)
Current assets
(a) Inventories
3.8
(b) Financial assets
Investments
3.4
7,473
7,043
Trade receivables
Billed
3.5(b)
19,523
19,483
Unbilled
3.5(b)
6,319
6,038
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents
3.10(a)
8,245
9,456
(iv) Other bank balances
3.10(b)
13,044
10,694
Loans
3.6
(vi) Others
3.7
1,589
1,235
(c) Current tax assets (net)
(d) Other current assets
3.11
4,659
4,241
Total current assets
62,109
59,331
TOTAL ASSETS
105,544
99,777
EQUITY
3.12
69,112
67,720
Equity atributable to owners of the Company
69,655
68,263
TOTAL EQUITY
69,673
68,271
Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Note
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
LIABILITIES
(1)
Borrowings
3.13
2,223
Lease liabilities
2,638
2,339
Others
3.15
1,059
1,048
(c) Provisions
3.16
1,920
1,612
(d) Deferred tax liabilities (net)
3.25
1,615
(e) Other non-current liabilities
3.17
Total non-current liabilities
7,832
8,780
(2)
Current liabilities
Borrowings
3.13
2,221
Lease liabilities
1,347
1,090
Trade payables
Billed
3.14
3,016
2,570
3.14
3,209
3,283
Others
3.15
7,009
5,691
4,657
4,155
(c) Other current liabilities
3.18
2,278
2,183
(d) Provisions
3.16
1,487
1,337
(e) Current tax liabilities (net)
2,815
2,313
Total current liabilities
28,039
22,726
TOTAL LIABILITIES
35,871
31,506
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
105,544
99,777
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Note
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Revenue
3.19
117,055
109,913
Other income
3.20
2,485
1,495
Total income
119,540
111,408
Expenses
1,976
1,754
Changes in inventories of stock-in-trade
3.21
3.22
66,755
62,480
Outsourcing costs
15,162
14,578
Finance costs
3.23
4,084
4,173
Other expenses
3.24
7,606
6,860
Total expenses
96,279
90,441
23,261
20,967
Tax expense
3.25
Current tax
5,161
4,626
5,862
5,257
17,399
15,710
Other comprehensive income (loss)
3.26
(A)
Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit and
(1)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to
(8)
(B)
Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to
(112)
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
Note
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Total comprehensive income for the year
18,104
16,565
Profit (loss) for the year atributable to
17,390
15,702
17,399
15,710
Other comprehensive income for the year atributable to
-
Total comprehensive income for the year atributable to
18,094
16,557
18,104
16,565
Earnings per equity share of ₹2 each
3.27
Basic (in ₹)
64.16
57.99
Diluted (in ₹)
64.09
57.86
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Other equity
Non
Con-
trolling
Interest
Total
Equity
Number of
Share
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Retained
Remeasure-
ment of de-
fined benefit
Treasury
Secu-
premium
Capital
redemp-
Share
Special
economic
zone re-in-
vestment
Foreign
Cash
hedging
Debt instru-
ments through
other com-
prehensive
Balance as at 1 April 2023
2,713,665,096
56,133
(801)
4,129
4,731
(1)
64,862
(7)
65,398
-
15,702
-
15,702
15,710
(loss) (refer note 3.26)
-
(1)
-
Total
(loss) for the year
-
15,702
-
(1)
16,557
16,565
Transactions with owners of the
Contributions and distributions
Interim dividend of ₹52 per
-
(14,080)
-
(14,080)
-
(14,080)
Transfer to special economic
-
(2,349)
-
2,349
-
Transfer from special economic
-
(975)
-
Share based payments to
-
Issue of treasury shares to
-
(18)
-
(61)
-
Excess tax benefit from share
based payments
-
Changes in ownership interests
Change in non-controlling
interest
-
Balance as at 31 March 2024
2,713,665,096
56,432
(722)
5,503
5,145
(2)
67,720
68,271
Balance as at 1 April 2024
2,713,665,096
56,432
(722)
5,503
5,145
(2)
67,720
68,271
-
17,390
-
17,390
17,399
(loss) (refer note 3.26)
-
(140)
Total
(loss) for the year
-
17,390
-
(140)
18,094
18,104
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Consolidated Financial Statements
Other equity
Non
Con-
trolling
Interest
Total
Equity
Number of
Share
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Retained
Remeasure-
ment of de-
fined benefit
Treasury
Secu-
premium
Capital
redemp-
Share
Special
economic
zone re-in-
vestment
Foreign
Cash
hedging
Debt instru-
ments through
other com-
prehensive
Transactions with owners of the
Contributions and distributions
Interim dividend of ₹60 per
-
(16,254)
-
(16,254)
-
(16,254)
Transfer to special economic
-
(2,022)
-
2,022
-
economic zone re-investment
-
1,161
-
(1,161)
-
Share based payments to
-
(676)
-
(676)
-
(676)
Issue of treasury shares to
-
(104)
-
(587)
-
Excess tax benefit from share
based payments
-
Changes in ownership interests
-
(2)
-
(120)
-
Balance as at 31 March 2025
2,713,665,096
56,735
(707)
6,244
5,958
69,112
69,673
* Includes treasury shares held by the controlled trust (refer note 3.12)
Refer note 1 for material accounting policies
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
A
Cash flows from operating activities
23,261
20,967
Adjustment for
4,084
4,173
Interest income
(1,567)
(1,273)
(195)
(165)
Interest expense
Profit on sale of propery, plant and equipment (net)
(10)
(4)
(574)
-
Other non-cash charges (net)
(74)
(41)
25,494
24,355
Net change in
Trade receivables
(119)
Inventories
Other financial assets and other assets
(225)
Trade payables
(681)
Other financial liabilities, contract liabilities, provisions and other liabilities
1,028
2,514
Cash generated from operations
26,504
26,660
Income taxes paid (net of refunds)
(4,243)
(4,212)
Net cash flow from operating activities (A)
22,261
22,448
B
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of propery, plant and equipment and intangibles
(1,108)
(1,048)
Proceeds from sale of propery, plant and equipment
Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired
(1,982)
(2,043)
Investments in bank deposits
(15,442)
(13,924)
Proceeds from bank deposits
12,622
10,315
Deposits placed with body corporates
(1,512)
(1,079)
Proceeds from deposits placed with body corporates
1,030
1,605
Purchase of investments in securities
(43,861)
(41,674)
Proceeds from sale/maturity of investments in securities
43,711
40,329
Investment in equity instruments
(4)
(8)
Proceed from sale of equity instruments
-
Distribution from limited liability parnership
-
Divestment in subsidiaries, net of cash
-
Interest received
1,322
1,041
Income taxes paid
(406)
(282)
Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)
(4,914)
(6,723)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from long term borrowings
-
Repayment of long term borrowings
(84)
(187)
Proceeds from shor term borrowings
Repayment of shor term borrowings
(374)
(352)
Payments for deferred and contingent consideration on business acquisitions
(50)
(5)
Change in non-controlling interest
-
(676)
-
Dividend paid
(16,250)
(14,073)
Interest paid
(51)
(64)
Payment of lease liabilities including interest
(1,453)
(1,148)
Net cash flow used in financing activities (C)
(18,561)
(15,464)
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)
(1,214)
Effect of exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents held in foreign currency
9,441
9,065
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year as per note 3.10 (a)
8,245
9,441
Consolidated Statement of Cash flows

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes
1.
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
Borrowings
Deferred and
contingent
consideration
Balance as at 1 April 2023
2,251
Cashflows (net)
(181)
(5)
Non cash changes
Business combination
-
Recognized in profit and loss
-
Balance as at 31 March 2024
2,312
Balance as at 1 April 2024
2,312
Cashflows (net)
(81)
(50)
Non cash changes
-
Recognized in profit and loss
-
Balance as at 31 March 2025
2,291
2.
The total amount of income taxes paid is ₹4,649 crores (previous year, ₹4,494 crores).
3.
Cash and cash equivalents includes unclaimed dividend of ₹19 crores (previous year, ₹15 crores) which is of restricted
use.
Consolidated Statement of Cash flows
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS
HCL Technologies Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Company or the Parent Company ) and its subsidiaries
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the Group ) are primarily engaged in providing a range of IT and business services,
engineering and R&D services and modernized software products and IP-led offerings. The Company was incorporated
under the provisions of the Companies Act applicable in India in November 1991, having its registered office at 806,
Siddharh, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019. The Group leverages its global technology workforce and intellectual
properies to deliver solutions across following vericals - Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences & Healthcare,
Public Services, Retail & CPG, Technology & Services and Telecom, Media, Publishing and Enterainment.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025 were approved and authorized for issue by the
Board of Directors on 22 April 2025.
1.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of preparation
These consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules as amended from time to time and presentation requirements of Schedule III
(Division II) to the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable to the consolidated financial statements.
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention on an accrual
and going concern basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value:
Derivative financial instruments,
Cerain financial assets and liabilities (refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments),
The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are consistent
with those of the previous year except where a newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision
to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting policy.
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current and non-current as per the Group s normal operating
cycle of 12 months. The statement of cash flows has been prepared under indirect method.
The Group uses the Indian rupee ( ₹ ) as its reporing currency. All amounts are presented in crores of ₹rounded to
whole number and amounts less than ₹0.50 crores are presented as - .
Basis of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of HCL Technologies Limited, the Parent
Company, and its subsidiaries. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the
subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.
The Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:
Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give IT the current ability to direct the relevant activities of
the investee),
Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and
The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. To suppor this presumption
and when the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all
relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether IT has power over an investee, including:
The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee
Rights arising from other contractual arrangements
The Group s voting rights and potential voting rights
The Group re-assesses whether or not IT controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
changes to one or more of the three elements of control.

Consolidated Financial Statements
The financial statements of the subsidiaries in the Group are added on a line-by-line basis and inter-company
balances and transactions including unrealized gain/loss from such transactions, are eliminated upon
consolidation. When the Group ceases control over a subsidiary, IT derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the
subsidiary, and any related non-controlling interest and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is
recognized in consolidated statement of profit and loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured
at fair value when control is ceased. The consolidated financial statements are prepared by applying uniform
accounting policies in use by the Group.
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control over
financial and operating policies. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of
accounting, after initially being recognized at cost. The aggregate of the Group s share of profit and loss of an
associate is shown on the face of the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
Use of estimates, judgements and assumptions
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires the management to
make estimates and judgements that affect the repored amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and
other comprehensive income (OCI) that are repored and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on the management s best knowledge of current events,
historical experience, actions that the Group may underake in the future and on various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Changes
in estimates are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the year in which the changes are made.
Significant estimates, judgements and assumptions are used for, but not limited to.
(i.)
Accounting for costs expected to be incurred to complete perormance under fixed price projects and
determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct perormance obligation in contracts involving
multiple perormance obligations, refer note 1(g).
(ii.)
Allowance for uncollectible trade receivables, refer note 1(t)(i).
(iii.) Fair value of the consideration transferred (including contingent consideration) and fair value of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, measured on a provisional basis in case of business combination, refer note
1(d).
(iv.) Recognition of income and deferred taxes, refer note 1(i) and note 3.25.
(v.)
Key actuarial assumptions for measurement of future obligations under employee benefit plans, refer note
1(r) and note 3.31.
(vi.) Estimated foreitures in share-based compensation expense, refer note 1(s).
(vii.) Useful lives of propery, plant and equipment, refer note 1(j).
(viii.) Lives of intangible assets, refer note 1(k).
(ix.) Identification of leases and measurement of lease liabilities and right of use assets, refer note 1(n).
(x.)
Key assumptions used for impairment of goodwill, refer note 1(p) and note 3.2.
(xi.) Provisions and contingent liabilities, refer note 1(q) and note 3.34.
Business combinations and goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is the
aggregate of the consideration transferred measured at fair value at the acquisition date and the amount of any
non-controlling interest in the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group measures the non-controlling
interest in the acquiree at fair value. Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the acquisition
date. Contingent consideration classified as financial liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and
the amount recognized for non-controlling interest, and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate
consideration transferred, the excess is recognized as capital reserve after reassessing the fair values of the net
assets.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Foreign currency and translation
The Group s consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian Rupee (₹), which is also the Parent
Company s functional currency. For each entity, the Group determines the functional currency, and items included
in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. The Group uses the
direct method of consolidation and on disposal of a foreign operation the gain or loss that is reclassified to the
statement of profit and loss reflects the amount that arises from using this method.
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group s entities at their respective functional
currency spot rates at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities
are translated to the relevant functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Exchange
differences arising on setlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit
and loss. Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured
at historical cost are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of initial transaction. Non-monetary
assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at fair value are translated
at the exchange rate prevalent at the date when the fair value was determined.
Transaction gains or losses realized upon setlement of foreign currency transactions are included in determining
net profit for the year. Revenue, expenses and cash-flow items denominated in foreign currencies are translated
into the relevant functional currencies using the exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
The translation of foreign operations from respective functional currency into INR (the reporing currency) for
assets and liabilities is perormed using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and for revenue,
expenses and cash flows is perormed using an appropriate daily weighted average exchange rate for the
respective years. The exchange differences arising on translation for consolidation are repored as a component
of other comprehensive income (loss) . On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of OCI relating to that
paricular foreign operation is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
Fair value measurement
The Group records cerain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. The Group determines
fair values based on the price IT would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market paricipants at the measurement date in the principal or most advantageous market for that
asset or liability.
The Group holds cerain fixed income securities, equity securities and derivatives, which must be measured using
the guidance for fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies. The guidance specifies a hierarchy
of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to each measurement are observable or unobservable.
Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the
Group s assumptions about current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The
prescribed fair value hierarchy and related valuation methodologies are as follows:
Level 1 - Quoted inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments
in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations, in which all significant inputs are directly or indirectly
observable in active markets.
Level 3 - Valuations derived from valuation techniques, in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable
inputs which are suppored by litle or no market activity.
In accordance with Ind AS 113, assets and liabilities at fair value are measured based on the following valuation
techniques:
Market approach - Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving
identical or comparable assets or liabilities.
Income approach - Convering the future amounts based on market expectations to its present value using
the discounting method.
Cost approach - Replacement cost method.

Consolidated Financial Statements
Cerain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets consist primarily of non-
financial assets such as goodwill and intangible assets. Goodwill and intangible assets recognized in business
combinations are measured at fair value initially and subsequently when there is an indicator of impairment, the
impairment is recognized.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market paricipant s ability to generate
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling IT to another market paricipant who
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
Revenue recognition
Revenue is recognized when, or as, control of a promised service or good transfers to a customer, in an amount
that reflects the consideration (Transaction price) to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
transferring those products or services (Perormance obligation). Revenue is recognized for any contract, once IT
is approved in writing, is legally enforceable, the rights of the paries are identified, payment terms are defined,
the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. Revenue is measured
based on the Transaction price which is the consideration of the contract and is shown net of applicable taxes
and adjusted for any variable consideration like volume discounts, service level allowances, incentive or any other
discount. Transaction price is also adjusted for the effects of the time value of money if the contract includes a
significant financing component.
Revenue from time-and-material, volume based, and transaction-based contracts is recognized as the related
services are perormed through effors expended, units serviced, number of transactions processed, etc. that
correspond with value transferred to customer.
Revenue related to fixed price contracts where perormance obligations and control are satisfied over a period
of time like technology integration contracts, complex network building contracts, system implementations and
application development contracts is recognized based on progress towards completion of the perormance
obligation using percentage-of-completion method. Revenue is recognized based on the costs incurred to date
as a percentage of the total estimated costs to fulfill the contract. Any revision in cost to complete would result in
an increase or decrease in revenue and such changes are recorded in the period in which they are identified.
In arrangements involving sharing of customer revenues for services delivered, revenue is recognized when the
right to receive such revenue share is established.
Revenue related to other fixed price contracts providing maintenance and suppor services, are recognized based
on the right to invoice for services perormed for contracts in which the invoicing is representative of the value
being delivered. If invoicing is not consistent with value delivered, revenues are recognized basis stand-alone
selling price for the service perormed. The Group uses cost plus expected margin to determine stand-alone
selling price.
Revenue from distinct proprietary software is recognized at a point in time at the inception of the arrangement
when right to use is granted to the customer. In the case of renewals of term licenses with existing customers,
revenue from term license is recognized at a point in time when the renewal is agreed on signing of contracts.
Revenue from suppor and subscription (S&S) is recognized over the contract term on a straight-line basis as
the Group is providing a service of standing ready to provide suppor, when-and-if needed, and is providing
unspecified software upgrades on a when-and-if available basis over the contract term. In case software are
bundled with suppor and subscription either for perpetual or term based license, such suppor and subscription
contracts are generally priced as a percentage of the net fees paid by the customer to purchase the license and
are generally recognized as revenues ratably over the contractual period that the suppor services are provided.
When a sales arrangement contains provision of multiple products, services and software licenses, the Group
identifies the distinct perormance obligation including lease obligation and allocates total consideration to each
perormance obligation on a relative standalone selling price. Group uses cost plus expected margin to determine
standalone selling price. Revenue from finance leases is recognized when all risks and ownership are transferred
to the customer, with no remaining obligations that affect acceptance. Revenue is recognized at the fair value
of the asset or, if lower, the present value of lease payments, discounted at a market interest rate. Interest from
finance leases is recognized as other income on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.
In instances when revenue is derived from sales of third-pary vendor services, material or licenses, revenue is
recorded on a gross basis when the Group is a principal to the transaction and net of costs when the Group is

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, once control of a promised good is transferred to a
customer.
Revenue from cerain activities in transition services in outsourcing arrangements are not capable of being
distinct or represent separate perormance obligation and is recognized over the period of the arrangement.
Direct and incremental costs in relation to such transition activities which are expected to be recoverable under
the contract are considered as contract fulfillment costs and classified as Deferred contract cost and recognized
over the period of arrangement. Cerain upfront non-recurring incremental contract acquisition costs and other
upfront fee paid to customer are deferred and classified as Deferred contract cost and amorized to revenue,
usually on a straight-line basis, over the term of the contract.
An onerous contract provision is recognized when the expected unavoidable costs of meeting the future
obligations exceed the expected economic benefits to be received under a contract. Such provision, if any, is
recorded in the period in which such losses become probable and is included in the cost of revenues.
Contract assets are recognized when revenue recognized is more than billing and right to consideration is
conditional upon factors other than the passage of time. Unbilled receivables are recognized where the right to
consideration is unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due (i.e., only act of
invoicing is pending). Contract liability is Group s obligation to transfer goods or services to customers when there
is excess billing over the revenue recognized.
Other income
Other income mainly comprises interest income on debt securities, bank and other deposits, other interest
income recognized using the effective interest method, profit on sale of propery, plant and equipments, debt
securities and mutual fund and net foreign exchange gains.
Income taxes
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax.
Income tax expense is recognized in the statement of profit and loss except to the extent that IT relates to items
recognized directly in equity, in which case IT is recognized in equity. Current income tax for current and prior
periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the
tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Provision
for income tax includes the impact of provisions established for uncerain income tax positions. Tax assets and
liabilities are offset only if there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts, and IT is intended
to realize the asset and setle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities recognized for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for those temporary differences which originate during the tax holiday period and are
reversed after the tax holiday period. For this purpose, reversal of timing differences is determined using first-in-
first-out method.
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporing date and are reduced to the extent that IT is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured
using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and
are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or setled.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same
taxation authority.
The effect of changes in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or
expense in the year that includes the enactment or the substantive enactment date. A deferred income tax
asset is recognized to the extent that IT is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the
deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized. Deferred income taxes are not provided on the
undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and branches where IT is expected that the earnings of the subsidiary or
branch will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.

Consolidated Financial Statements
Tax benefits acquired as par of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for separate recognition
at that date, are recognized subsequently if new information about facts and circumstances change. The
adjustment is either treated as a reduction in goodwill (as long as IT does not exceed goodwill) if IT was incurred
during the measurement period or recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
In some tax jurisdictions, the amount of tax deductions on share based payments to employees are different
from the related cumulative remuneration expenses. If the amount of the tax deduction (or estimated future tax
deduction) exceeds the amount of the related cumulative remuneration expense, such excess amount of tax
deduction and the associated tax benefit is recognized directly in retained earnings.
(j)
Propery, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
Cost comprises the purchase price and directly atributable cost of bringing the asset to its working condition
for its intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price. The Group
identifies and determines separate useful lives for each major component of the propery, plant and equipment, if
they have a useful life that is materially different from that of the asset as a whole.
Expenses on existing propery, plant and equipment, including day-to-day repairs, maintenance expenditure and
cost of replacing pars, are charged to the statement of profit and loss for the year during which such expenses
are incurred.
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of assets are measured as the difference between the net disposal
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the
asset is derecognized.
Propery, plant and equipment under construction and cost of assets not ready for use at the year-end are
disclosed as capital work - in- progress.
Depreciation on propery, plant and equipment is provided on the straight-line method over their estimated
useful lives, as determined by the management. Depreciation is charged on a pro-rata basis for assets purchased/
sold during the year.
The management s estimates of the useful lives of various assets for computing depreciation are as follows:
Asset description
Buildings
Plant and equipment (including air conditioners, electrical installations)
Office equipment
Computers and networking equipment
Furniture and fixtures
Vehicles
The useful lives as given above best represent the period over which the management expects to use these
assets, based on technical assessment. The estimated useful lives for these assets are therefore different from the
useful lives prescribed under Par C of Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013.
The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of propery, plant and equipment are reviewed at
each financial year-end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
(k)
Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
acquired in a business combination is measured at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Subsequently,
following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amorization and
impairment losses.
Intangible assets are amorized over the useful life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication
that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amorization period and the amorization method for an
intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporing year. Changes in the

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
expected useful life or the expected patern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the
asset are considered to modify the amorization period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes
in accounting estimates. The amorization expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognized in the
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss
when the asset is derecognized.
The intangible assets are amorized over the estimated useful life of the assets as mentioned below :
Asset description
Software
Over the term of license or
3 years, whichever is lower
Technology (including Licensed IPRs)
2 to 15
Customer - related intangibles (includes customer contracts and customer
relationships)
1 to 10
Others (includes intellectual propery rights, brand and non-compete
agreements)
2 to 6
(l)
Research and development costs
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure, on an individual project, is recognized as an
intangible asset when the Group can demonstrate:

The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that IT will be available for use or sale

Its intention to complete and its ability and intention to use or sell the asset

How the asset will generate future economic benefits

The availability of resources to complete the asset

The ability to measure reliably the expenditure during development
Subsequently, following initial recognition of the development expenditure as an asset, the cost model is applied
requiring the asset to be carried at cost less any accumulated amorization and accumulated impairment losses.
Amorization of the asset begins when development is complete and the asset is available for use. IT is amorized
over the period of expected future benefit. Amorization expense is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
During the period of development, the asset is tested for impairment annually.
(m) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly atributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use are capitalized as par of the cost of the asset.
All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of
funds.
(n)
Leases
A lease is a contract that contains right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
for consideration.
Group as a lessee
Group is lessee in case of leasehold land, office space, accommodation for its employees & IT equipment.
These leases are evaluated to determine whether IT contains lease based on principles for the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors as defined in Ind AS 116.
Right-of-use asset represents the Group s right to control the underlying assets under lease and the lease
liability is the obligation to make the lease payments related to the underlying asset under lease. Right-of-use
asset is measured initially based on the lease liability adjusted for any initial direct costs, prepaid rent, and lease

Consolidated Financial Statements
incentives. Right-of - use asset is depreciated based on straight line method over the lease term or useful life of
right-of-use asset, whichever is less. Subsequently, right-of-use asset is measured at cost less any accumulated
depreciation, accumulated impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability.
The lease liability is measured at the lease commencement date and determined using the present value of the
minimum lease payments not yet paid and the Group s incremental borrowing rate, which approximates the rate
at which the Group would borrow, in the country where the lease was executed. The Group has used a single
discount rate for a porfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics. The lease payment comprises fixed
payment less any lease incentives, variable lease payment that depends on an index or a rate, exercise price of a
purchase option if the Group is reasonably cerain to exercise the option and payment of penalties for terminating
the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease. Lease liability is
subsequently measured by increase the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability, reducing
the carrying amount to reflect the lease payment made and remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any
reassessment or modification, if any.
The Group has elected to not recognize leases with a lease term of 12 months or less in the consolidated balance
sheet, including those acquired in a business combination, and lease costs for those shor-term leases are
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. For all
asset classes, the Group has elected the lessee practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components
and account for the combined unit as a single lease component in case there is no separate payment defined
under the contract.
Group as a lessor
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset are
classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the
carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the year in which they are earned or contingency is resolved.
Leases in which the Group transfers substantially all the risk and benefits of ownership of the asset are classified
as finance leases. Assets given under finance lease are recognized as a receivables at an amount equal to the
present value of lease receivables. After initial recognition, the Group apporions lease rentals between the
principal repayment and interest income so as to achieve a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment
outstanding in respect of the finance leases. The interest income is recognized in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss. Initial direct costs such as legal cost, brokerage cost etc. are recognized immediately in the
When arrangements include multiple perormance obligations, the Group allocates the consideration in the
contract between the lease components and the non-lease components on a relative standalone selling price
(o)
Inventories
Stock-in-trade, stores and spares are valued at the lower of the cost or net realizable value. Cost includes
cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of
completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
Cost of stock-in-trade procured for specific projects is assigned by identifying individual costs of each item. Cost
of stock-in-trade, that are interchangeable and not specific to any project and cost of stores and spare pars are
determined using the weighted average cost formula.
(p)
Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is tested annually on March 31, for impairment, or sooner whenever there is an indication that goodwill
may be impaired, relying on a number of factors including operating results, business plans and future cash flows.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the Group s
cash generating units (CGU) expected to benefit from the synergies arising from the business combination. A CGU
is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash
inflows from other assets or group of assets. Impairment occurs when the carrying amount of a CGU including

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
the goodwill, exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the
higher of its fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-use. Value-in-use is the present value of future cash flows
expected to be derived from the CGU. Total impairment loss of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to the other assets of the CGU, pro-rata on the basis of the
carrying amount of each asset in the CGU.
An impairment loss on goodwill recognized in the statement of profit and loss is not reversed in the subsequent
period.
Intangible assets and propery, plant and equipment
Intangible assets and propery, plant and equipment are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of
impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-
use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely
independent of those from other assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to
which the asset belongs. Impairment, if any, is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset
exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of the asset. Subsequently if there is a change in the estimates used
to determine the recoverable amount, the impairment loss is reversed. Such reversal is made only to the extent
that the asset s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined on the
date of reversal, if no impairment loss had been recognized. Such impairment and any subsequent reversal is
(q)
Provisions and contingent liabilities
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and IT is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will
be required to setle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined
by discounting the expected future cash flows.
The Group uses significant judgement to disclose contingent liabilities. Contingent liabilities are disclosed
when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by the
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncerain future events not wholly within the control of the Group
or a present obligation that arises from past events where IT is either not probable that an outflow of resources
will be required to setle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made. Contingent assets
are neither recognized nor disclosed in the financial statements.
(r)
Retirement and other employee benefits
Provident fund: Employees of the Company and its subsidiaries in India receive benefits under the provident
fund, a defined benefit plan. The employee and employer each make monthly contributions to the plan.
A porion of the contribution is made to the provident fund trust managed by the Group or Government
administered provident fund; while the balance contribution is made to the Government administered
pension fund, a defined contribution plan. For the contribution made by the Company and its subsidiaries
in India to the provident fund trust managed by the Group, the Company has an obligation to fund any
shorfall on the yield of the Trust s investments over the administered interest rates. The liability is actuarially
determined (using the projected unit credit method) at the end of the year. The funds contributed to the
Trust are invested in specific securities as mandated by law and generally consist of federal and state
government bonds, debt instruments of government-owned corporations, equity and other eligible market
securities.
In respect of superannuation, a defined contribution plan for applicable employees, the Company
contributes to the superannuation trust and the scheme is administered on its behalf by appointed fund
managers and such contributions for each year of service rendered by the employees are charged to the
statement of profit and loss. The Company has no furher obligations to the superannuation plan beyond its
contributions.
Gratuity liability: The Company and its subsidiaries in India and cerain foreign geographies provide for
gratuity, a defined benefit plan (the Gratuity Plan ) covering eligible employees. The Gratuity Plan provides a
lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment,

Consolidated Financial Statements
of an amount based on the respective employee s base salary and the tenure of employment (subject to a
maximum limit in accordance with regulatory requirement of respective geography). The liability is actuarially
determined (using the projected unit credit method) at the end of each year. Actuarial gains/losses are
recognized immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to other comprehensive
income in the year in which they occur.
In respect to cerain employees in India, the Company contributes towards gratuity liabilities to the Gratuity
Fund Trust. Trustees of the Company administer contributions made to the Trust and contributions are
invested in a scheme with Life Insurance Corporation of India as permited by law.
Compensated absences: The employees of the Group are entitled to compensated absences which are
both accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The employees can carry forward up to the specified
porion of the unutilized accumulated compensated absences and utilize IT in future periods or receive cash
at retirement or termination of employment. The expected cost of accumulating compensated absences is
determined by actuarial valuation (using the projected unit credit method) based on the additional amount
expected to be paid as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the balance sheet date.
The expense on non-accumulating compensated absences is recognized in the statement of profit and loss
in the year in which the absences occur. Actuarial gains/losses are immediately taken to the statement of
profit and loss and are not deferred.
In cerain subsidiaries outside India, the Group provide retirement benefit pension plans in accordance with
the local laws. The liability is actuarialy determined (using the projected unit credit method) at the end of
each year.
Contributions to other defined contribution plans are recognized as expense when employees have
rendered services entitling them to such benefits.
(s)
Equity setled share based compensation
Share-based compensation represents the cost related to share-based awards granted to employees. The
Company measures share-based compensation cost at grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award
and recognizes the cost on a straight line basis (net of estimated foreitures) over the employee s requisite service
period for an award with only service condition and for an award with both service and perormance condition on
a straight line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting porion of the award, as if award
was in substance, multiple awards. On modification of an equity setled award, the Company re-estimates the fair
value of stock option as on the date of modification and any incremental expense is expensed over the period
from the modification date till the vesting date.
The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using option pricing model. The cost is recorded under the
head employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of profit and loss with corresponding increase in
Share based payment reserve .
(t)
Financial Instruments
A financial instrument is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or
equity instrument of another entity.
Financial assets
All financial assets are recognized initially at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly atributable to the
acquisition of financial assets (other than financial assets at fair value through profit and loss) are added
to the fair value measured on initial recognition of financial asset. Purchase and sale of financial assets
are accounted for at trade date. However, trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing
component are measured at transaction price.
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash in banks and shor-term deposits and
investments with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents are considered net of outstanding
bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and are considered par of the Group s cash management
system. In the consolidated balance sheet, bank overdrafts are presented under borrowings within current
liabilities.
Financial assets at amorized cost
A financial asset is measured at the amorized cost if both the following conditions are met:
The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual
cash flows, and
Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amorized cost using the
effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amorized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or
premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral par of the EIR. The EIR amorization is included
in other income in the statement of profit and loss. The losses arising from impairment are recognized in
the statement of profit and loss. This category includes cash and bank balances, loans, unbilled receivables,
trade and other receivables.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI)
A financial asset is classified and measured at fair value through OCI if both of the following criteria are met:
The objective of the business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling
the financial assets, and
The asset s contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.
Financial asset included within the OCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporing date at
fair value. Fair value movements are recognized in OCI. Interest income is recognized in statement of profit
and loss for debt instruments. On derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in
OCI is reclassified from OCI to statement of profit and loss.
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
Any financial asset, which does not meet the criteria for categorization at amorized cost or at fair value
through other comprehensive income, is classified at fair value through profit and loss. Financial assets
included at the fair value through profit and loss category are measured at fair value with all changes
Equity investments
All equity instruments are initially measured at fair value and are subsequently re-measured with all changes
recognized in the statement of profit and loss. In limited circumstances, investments, for which sufficient,
more recent information to measure fair value is not available cost represents the best estimate of fair value
within that range.
Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset is primarily derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired,
or the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset.
Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognizes loss allowances using the expected credit loss (ECL) model for the financial assets
which are not fair valued through profit and loss. Lifetime ECL allowance is recognized for trade receivables
with no significant financing component. For all other financial assets, expected credit losses are measured
at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL, unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk from
initial recognition in which case they are measured at lifetime ECL. The amount of expected credit losses
(or reversal) that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporing date is recognized in statement of

Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
payables, net of directly atributable transaction costs.
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit and loss are designated as
such at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. Changes in fair value
of such liability are recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
Financial liabilities at amorized cost
The Group s financial liabilities at amorized cost, are initially recognized at net of transaction costs and
includes trade payables, borrowings including bank overdrafts and other payables.
After initial recognition, financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amorized cost using the effective
interest rate (EIR) method except for deferred consideration recognized in a business combination which
is subsequently measured at fair value through profit and loss. Gains and losses are recognized in the
statement of profit and loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the EIR amorization
process.
Amorized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
costs that are an integral par of the EIR. The EIR amorization is included as finance costs in the statement of
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or
expires.
Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
Foreign exchange forward contracts and options are purchased to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign
exchange rates associated with forecast transactions denominated in cerain foreign currencies.
The Group recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities measured at their fair value. Changes in fair value
for derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship are marked to market at each reporing
date and the related gains (losses) are recognized in the statement of profit and loss as foreign exchange
gains (losses) .
The foreign exchange forward contracts and options in respect of forecasted transactions which meet the
hedging criteria are designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in the fair value of derivatives (net of tax) that
are designated as effective cash flow hedges are deferred and recorded in the hedging reserve account
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged transaction occurs
and are then recognized in the statement of profit and loss. The ineffective porion of hedging derivatives is
immediately recognized in other income (expenses) in the statement of profit and loss.
In respect of derivatives designated as hedges, the Group formally documents all relationships between
hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for
underaking various hedge transactions. The Group also formally assesses both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis, whether each derivative is highly effective in offseting changes in fair values or
cash flows of the hedged item. The Group determines the existence of an economic relationship between
the hedging instrument and hedged item based on the currency, amount and timing of their respective cash
flows.
Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively from the last testing date when (1) IT is determined that the
derivative financial instrument is no longer effective in offseting changes in the fair value or cash flows of
the underlying exposure being hedged; (2) the derivative financial instrument matures or is sold, terminated
or exercised; or (3) IT is determined that designating the derivative financial instrument as a hedge is no

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
longer appropriate. When hedge accounting is discontinued the deferred gains or losses on the cash flow
hedge remain in other comprehensive income (loss) until the forecast transaction occurs. Any furher
change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument is recognized in current year earnings.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is repored in the consolidated balance
sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention
to setle on a net basis to realize the assets and setle the liabilities simultaneously.
(u)
Dividend
Final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is recognized upon approval by the shareholders who have
the right to decrease but not increase the amount of dividend recommended by the Board of Directors. Interim
dividends are recognized on declaration by the Board of Directors. Final and interim dividend excludes dividend
on treasury shares.
Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic EPS amounts are computed by dividing the net profit atributable to the equity holders of the Parent
Company by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year adjusted for treasury
shares held.
Diluted EPS amounts are computed by dividing the net profit atributable to the equity holders of the Parent
Company by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share and
also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive
potential equity shares. The diluted potential equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the
shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. the average market value of the outstanding shares). Perormance
based stock unit awards are included in dilutive potential shares when they become contingently issuable and
have a dilutive impact and are excluded when they are not contingently issuable. Dilutive potential equity shares
are deemed convered as at the beginning of the year, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity
shares are determined independently for each year presented.
The number of shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented
for bonus shares.
(w)
Nature and purpose of reserves
The Group recognizes actuarial gains/losses on defined benefit plans in the balance sheet with a corresponding
debit or credit to other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
Treasury share reserve
The Company s equity shares held by a trust, which is consolidated as a par of the Group, are classified as
Treasury shares. Treasury shares are carried at acquisition cost and presented as a deduction from total equity as
Treasury share reserve . As and when treasury shares are transferred to employees on exercise after satisfaction
of the vesting conditions, the balance lying in Treasury share reserve is transferred to Retained earnings .
Securities premium
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilized only for limited
purposes such as issuance of bonus shares and buyback of shares in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 in India.
Capital redemption reserve
The Group recognizes cancellation of the Group s own equity instruments to capital redemption reserve.
Share based payment reserve
The share-based payment reserve is recognized over the vesting period at the grant date fair value of units issued
to employees of the Group under the Company s restricted stock unit plan.

Consolidated Financial Statements
Special economic zone re-investment reserve
The Company has created special economic zone (SEZ) re-investment reserve out of profits of the eligible SEZ
Units in terms of the specific provisions of Section 10AA(1) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 ( the Act ). The said reserve
needs to be utilized by the Company for acquiring plant and machinery for the purposes of its business in the
terms of Section 10AA (2) of the Act for availing tax benefit.
Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign operations are recognized in other comprehensive
income as described in the accounting policy and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity. The
cumulative amount is reclassified to profit and loss when the net investment is disposed-off.
For hedging foreign currency risk, the Group uses foreign currency forward and option contracts. To the extent
these hedges are effective, the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in the cash flow
hedging reserve. Amounts recognized in the cash flow hedging reserve is reclassified to the statement of profit
and loss when the hedged item affects profit and loss.
Debt instruments through other comprehensive income
The Group recognizes changes in the fair value of debt instruments held with business objective of collect and
sell in other comprehensive income. The Group transfers amounts from this reserve to the statement of profit and
loss when the debt instrument is sold.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements
As on 31 March 2025, there are no new standards or amendments to the existing standards applicable to the
Group which has been notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
2.
ACQUISITIONS
Arrangements/acquisitions in current year
Arrangement with State Street International Holdings, USA (State Street)
The Group was providing cerain business process outsourcing (BPO) services to State Street and its affiliates
through a joint venture. With effect from 1 April 2024, the Group has divested IT s stake in the joint venture in
favour of State Street and the agreement for related services has also been terminated. Accordingly, the balance
sheet of Statestreet HCL Holding UK Limited (and its step down subsidiaries) is de-consolidated from that date.
The Group has received consideration of ₹1,439 crores (net of cash of ₹126 crores and other net assets of ₹106
crores transferred). This has also resulted in gain on divestment (refer note 3.20) and net gain carried in Foreign
currency translation reserve has been reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss (refer note 3.26).
Acquisition of Zeenea SAS
On 16 August 2024, the Group through a wholly owned subsidiary, signed a definitive agreement to acquire
100% shareholding of Zeenea SAS, an innovator in data catalog and governance solutions based in France, for
consideration payable in cash. The acquisition got consummated on 12 September 2024. The Group paid ₹219
crores on acquisition date.
Total purchase consideration of ₹219 crores has been preliminary allocated based on management estimates of
fair values to the acquired assets and liabilities as follows :
Amount
Net working capital (including cash of ₹8 crores )
(4)
Intangible assets
Deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets
(17)
Goodwill

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The resultant goodwill is non-tax deductible and has been allocated to the HCL Software segment. The
acquisition will enable HCL Software segment to offer a unified data intelligence solution that will power
enterprises to discover, govern, connect, manage and leverage the data beter in their data engineering & GenAI
domain.
on straight line basis:
Amount
Life (Years)
Technology
Brand
2.5
Subsequent to the date of acquisition, during the year ended 31 March 2025, the Group revised the purchase price
allocation for this acquisition, which resulted in increase in net assets by ₹24 crores with corresponding decrease
in value of goodwill.
The Group is in the process of making a final determination of purchase price allocation, including fair value of
assets and liabilities which may result into adjustments in the value of cerain assets and liabilities.
Acquisition of business related to cerain assets (CSS) of Communications Technology Group (CTG) from Hewlet
Packard Enterprise (HPE)
On 23 May 2024, the Group signed a definitive agreement to carve-out and acquire business including cerain
intellectual propery rights (IPs), customer relationships with global Communication Service Providers (CSPs)
along with Engineering and R&D talent of Communications Technology Group (CTG) from HPE for ₹1,901 crores,
payable in cash subject to adjustment of cerain closing liabilities.
Acquisition got consummated, post-regulatory approvals on 1 December 2024, for a purchase consideration of
₹1,776 crores, post adjustment of cerain closing liabilities.
The purchase price of ₹1,776 crores has been preliminarily allocated based on management estimates to the
acquired assets and liabilities as follows:
Amount
Propery plant and equipment
Net working capital
(424)
Deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets
(13)
Intangible assets
1,115
Goodwill
1,079
1,776
The resultant goodwill is primarily non-tax deductible and has been allocated to Engineering and R&D Services
segment. The acquisition will enable the Group to gain a porfolio of service offerings that includes industry
leading IPs, solutions and systems integration around Business Suppor Systems (BSS), network applications,
service cloudification and data intelligence.
on straight line basis :
Amount
Life (Years)
Technology
Customer contracts
1.5
1,115

Consolidated Financial Statements
The Group is in the process of making a final determination of the purchase price and fair value of assets and
liabilities acquired. Finalization of such determination may result in cerain adjustments to the above allocations.
Acquisition during the previous year
Acquisition of ASAP Group
On 12 July 2023, the Group through a wholly owned subsidiary, signed a definitive agreement to acquire 100%
shareholding of ASAP Group, an automotive engineering services company, based in Germany, for consideration
payable in cash. The acquisition got consummated on 31 August 2023 post regulatory approvals. The Group paid
₹2,088 crores on acquisition date.
Total purchase consideration of ₹2,088 crores was allocated based on fair values to the acquired assets and
liabilities as follows:
Amount
Propery plant and equipment, net (including capital work in progress and software)
Net working capital (including cash of ₹45 crores)
Borrowings
(208)
Lease liabilities
(211)
Deferred tax liabilities (net)
(153)
Intangible assets
Goodwill
1,382
2,088
The resultant goodwill is non-tax deductible and has been allocated to the Engineering and R&D Services
segment. The acquisition will boost Group s global leadership in engineering services by strengthening its
advanced technology capabilities in the fast-growing automotive engineering services segment in Europe and
other key global markets.
on straight line basis:
Amount
Life (Years)
Brand
Non-compete agreement
Subsequent to the date of acquisition, during the previous year ended 31 March 2024, the Group finalised
the purchase price allocation for this acquisition, which resulted in decrease in net assets by ₹33 crores with
corresponding increase in value of goodwill.
In addition to the purchase consideration, ₹135 crores is payable to cerain key employees over a three-year
period, contingent upon these employees continuing to be the employees of the Group on the payment date
and achievement of cerain perormance conditions. This amount is being accounted for as post-acquisition
employee compensation expense.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.
Notes to consolidated financial statements
3.1. Propery, plant and equipment
Freehold
Buildings
Plant and
Office
Equipment
Computers
Furniture
Vehicles
#
Total
Gross block as at 1 April
3,534
2,165
7,046
206 14,449
Additions
-
Disposals/other adjustment
-
(1)
(50)
(11)
(425)
(45)
(48)
(580)
-
(23)
(9)
(79)
(28)
-
(139)
Translation exchange
-
3,544
2,268
7,201
1,065
218 14,825
Accumulated depreciation
as at 1 April 2024
-
1,580
1,544
5,280
9,558
Depreciation
-
1,327
Disposals/other
-
(1)
(50)
(7)
(404)
(44)
(35)
(541)
-
(19)
(7)
(56)
(21)
-
(103)
Translation exchange
-
(23)
-
Accumulated depreciation
as at 31 March 2025
-
1,756
1,627
5,757
89 10,324
Net block as at 31 March
1,788
1,444
4,501
Capital work in progress*
*During the year ended 31 March 2025, ₹108 crores has been capitalized and transferred from capital work in progress
to propery, plant and equipment
#Also refer footnote 1 of note 3.13
Freehold
Buildings
Plant and
Office
Equipment
Computers
Furniture
Vehicles
#
Total
Gross block as at 1 April
3,461
1,952
6,790
13,781
Additions
-
Disposals/other
-
(3)
(55)
(13)
(234)
(65)
(23)
(393)
Translation exchange
-
3,534
2,165
7,046
206 14,449

Consolidated Financial Statements
Freehold
Buildings
Plant and
Office
Equipment
Computers
Furniture
Vehicles
#
Total
Accumulated depreciation
as at 1 April 2023
-
1,399
1,421
4,495
8,410
Depreciation
-
1,469
Disposals/other
-
(3)
(43)
(13)
(210)
(61)
(18)
(348)
Translation exchange
-
Accumulated depreciation
as at 31 March 2024
-
1,580
1,544
5,280
9,558
Net block as at 31 March
1,954
1,766
4,891
Capital work in progress*
*During the year ended 31 March 2024, ₹40 crores was capitalized and transferred from capital work in progress to
# Also refer footnote 1 of note 3.13
3.2. Goodwill
ended 31 March 2025
IT and Business
Services
Engineering and
R&D services
HCL Software
Total
Opening balance as at 1 April 2024
7,482
4,607
8,043
20,132
Acquired through business combinations (refer
note 2(a))
-
1,079
1,249
Measurement period adjustments (refer note
2(a)(ii))
-
(24)
(11)
-
(11)
Closing balance as at 31 March 2025
7,756
5,751
8,249
21,756
ended 31 March 2024
IT and Business
Services
Engineering and
R&D services
HCL Software
Total
Opening balance as at 1 April 2023
7,367
3,191
8,009
18,567
Acquired through business combinations (refer
note 2(b)(i))
-
1,382
-
1,382
Measurement period adjustments (refer note
2(b)(i))
-
Closing balance as at 31 March 2024
7,482
4,607
8,043
20,132
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGU, which
benefits from the synergies of the acquisition.
Goodwill is tested annually on March 31, for impairment, or sooner whenever there is an indication that goodwill may be

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
impaired. Impairment is recognized, when the carrying amount of a CGU including the goodwill, exceeds the estimated
recoverable amount of the CGU. The estimated value-in-use of the CGU is based on the future cash flow forecasts
for 5 years and then on perpetuity on the basis of cerain assumptions which include revenue growth, earnings before
interest and taxes, taxes, capital outflow and working capital requirement. The assumptions are taken on the basis of
past trends and management estimates and judgement. Future cash flows are discounted with Weighted Average
Cost of Capital . The key assumptions are as follows:
As at 31 March 2025
IT and Business
Services
Engineering
and R&D
HCL Software
6.8
5.1
1.0
2.0
(4.8)
13.2
14.1
17.3
As at 31 March 2024
IT and Business
Services
Engineering
and R&D
HCL Software
7.8
6.0
(0.6)
2.0
(4.1)
12.6
13.8
16.2
As at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024, the estimated recoverable amount of each CGU exceeded the carrying
amount and accordingly, no impairment was recognized. An analysis of the sensitivity of the computation to a change
in key assumptions based on reasonable probability did not identify any probable scenario in which the recoverable
amount of the CGUs would decrease below the carrying amount.
3.3 Other intangible assets
Software
Technology
Licensed IPRs)
Customer-
Others
Total
Gross block as at 1 April 2024
1,098
8,881
8,179
18,459
Additions
-
1,185
(3)
-
(32)
(7)
(42)
Gross block as at 31 March 2025
1,198
9,688
8,987
20,177
impairment as at 1 April 2024
1,002
5,403
4,808
11,329
Amorization
1,936
(3)
-
(32)
(7)
(42)
impairment as at 31 March 2025
1,094
6,320
5,692
13,278
Net block as at 31 March 2025
3,368
3,295
6,899
Estimated remaining useful life
(in years)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Software
Technology
Licensed IPRs)
Customer-
Others
Total
Gross block as at 1 April 2023
1,058
8,825
7,842
17,906
Additions
-
(6)
(12)
(110)
-
(128)
(2)
Gross block as at 31 March 2024
1,098
8,881
8,179
18,459
impairment as at 1 April 2023
4,573
4,004
9,562
Amorization
1,862
(5)
-
(110)
-
(115)
(1)
impairment as at 31 March 2024
1,002
5,403
4,808
11,329
Net block as at 31 March 2024
3,478
3,371
7,130
Estimated remaining useful life
(in years)
3.4. Investments
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Financial assets
Non - current
Unquoted investments
Equity instruments
Investment in limited liability parnership
Current
Quoted investments
Investment in debt securities
4,309
3,491
Unquoted investments
Investment in mutual funds
3,164
3,552
7,473
7,043
Total investments - financial assets
7,564
7,137
Aggregate amount of quoted investments
4,309
3,491
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments
3,255
3,646
Market value of quoted investments
4,309
3,491
Investment carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
4,309
3,491
Investment carried at fair value through profit and loss
3,255
3,646

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.5. Trade receivables
Non-current
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Unbilled receivables
1,022
Current
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Billed
Unsecured, considered good (refer note below)
19,817
19,827
Trade receivables - credit impaired
19,987
20,005
Loss allowance for bad and doubtful debts (refer note 3.29(c))
(464)
(522)
19,523
19,483
Unbilled receivables (refer note below)
6,319
6,038
25,842
25,521
Note: Includes receivables from related paries amounting to ₹9 crores (31 March 2024, ₹12 crores)
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2025
Less than
More than
Total
Undisputed - considered good
16,373
2,975
19,817
-
16,384
3,000
19,987
(464)
19,523
Unbilled receivables
6,319
-
6,319
25,842
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2024
Less than
More than
Total
Undisputed - considered good
15,954
3,312
19,827
-
15,962
3,355
20,005
(522)
19,483
Unbilled receivables
6,038
-
6,038
25,521

Consolidated Financial Statements
3.6. Loans
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - current
Current
Loans to employees
3.7
Other financial assets
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - current
Finance lease receivables (refer note 3.28(b))
Interest receivable
-
Security deposits
Security deposits - related paries (refer note 3.32)
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity
Others
2,212
1,346
Current
Finance lease receivables (refer note 3.28(b))
Interest receivable
Security deposits
Security deposits - related paries (refer note 3.32)
Others
1,589
1,235

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.8. Inventories
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
3.9 Other non - current assets
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Capital advances
Security deposits
Others
Prepaid expenses
Deferred contract cost (refer note 3.19)
1,098
1,353
Contract assets
2,229
1,894
3.10 Cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Balance with banks
5,167
8,183
Deposits with original maturity of less than 3 months (including deposits with
corporations and financial institutions with original maturity of less than 3
months)
2,897
Remitances in transit
Cheques in hand
-
Earmarked balances with banks - Unclaimed dividend
8,245
9,456
Cash and cash equivalents consists of the following for the purpose of the cash
flow statement:
Cash and cash equivalent
8,245
9,456
Bank overdraft (refer note 3.13)
-
(15)
8,245
9,441
Shor-term deposits
13,044
10,694

Consolidated Financial Statements
3.11 Other current assets
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Security deposits
Advances to employees
Advances to suppliers
Others
Prepaid expenses
2,421
1,821
Deferred contract cost (refer note 3.19)
Contract assets
Others
4,659
4,241
3.12 Equity share capital
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Authorized
3,017,000,000 (31 March 2024, 3,017,000,000) equity shares of ₹2 each
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up
2,713,665,096 (31 March 2024, 2,713,665,096) equity shares of ₹2 each
Terms/rights atached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ₹2/-. Each holder of equity
shares is entitled to one vote per share.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the remaining assets
of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proporion to the number of
equity shares held by the shareholders.
Reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
₹ in Crores
₹ in Crores
2,713,665,096
The Company does not have any holding/ultimate holding company.
Reconciliation of the number of treasury shares held by controlled trust
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
5,674,579
6,300,153
Add: Acquisition of shares by the Trust
4,516,000
-
Less: Issue of treasury shares to employees on exercise of RSUs
(5,436,476)
(625,574)
4,754,103
5,674,579

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Details of shareholders holding more than 5 % shares in the company
Name of the shareholder
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Equity shares of ₹2 each fully paid
1,198,549,941
44.17%
1,198,549,941
44.17%
446,662,032
16.46%
446,662,032
16.46%
As per the records of the Company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations received
from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial
ownership of shares.
Details of promoters holding in the company is as follows
Promoter name
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
% change
No. of Shares
No. of Shares
1,198,549,941
44.17%
1,198,549,941
44.17%
0.00%
446,662,032
16.46%
446,662,032
16.46%
0.00%
4,593,104
0.17%
4,593,104
0.17%
0.00%
Ms. Kiran Nadar
494,602
0.02%
494,602
0.02%
0.00%
Mr. Shiv Nadar
0.00%
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra
0.00%
1,650,301,111
60.81%
1,650,301,111
60.81%
0.00%
Aggregate number of bonus shares issued, shares issued for consideration other than cash and shares bought back
during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporing date:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Aggregate number and class of shares alloted as fully paid up pursuant to
contract(s) without payment being received in cash
Nil
Nil
Aggregate number and class of shares alloted as fully paid up by way of bonus
Nil
1,356,832,548
Equity shares
Aggregate number and class of shares bought back
Nil
Nil
Capital management
The primary objective of the Company s capital management is to suppor business continuity and growth of the
company while maximizing the shareholder value. The Company has been declaring quarerly dividend for last 22
years. The Group determines the capital requirement based on annual operating plans and long-term and other
strategic investment plans. The funding requirements have been generally met through operating cash flows
generated. The Group has also taken borrowings to meet local funding requirements in cerain foreign subsidiaries.
Restricted Stock Unit Plans ( RSU Plans or Plans )
The Company has instituted RSU plans for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries which are administered by
the Nomination and Remuneration Commitee (NRC) of the Company through a controlled Trust. The restricted stock
units (RSU) granted under the plan entitles the holder to one equity share of the Company at an exercise price, which is
approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Commitee.
Subsequent to the grants, for the purpose of implementation of the plans, the trust acquires the necessary shares from
the secondary market.

Consolidated Financial Statements
The company has two substantially similar types of RSU plans and summary of the general terms of grants under
respective plans are as below:
RSU Plan 2021
RSU Plan 2024
Effective date
November 2021
July 2024
Maximum number of RSUs under the plan
11,100,000
8,460,000
Method of setlement (cash/equity)
Equity
Equity
Vesting period (maximum)
Exercise price at par
₹2
Exercise period from the date of vesting (maximum)
The details of activity under the plan has been summarized below:-
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
No. of RSUs
Weighted
No. of RSUs
Weighted
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
6,920,967
7,753,568
Add: Granted during the year
4,724,516
312,335
Less: Foreited during the year
(559,946)
-
(516,328)
-
Less: Exercised during the year (including
pending allotment)
(5,763,771)
(625,574)
Less: Expired during the year
(62,162)
-
(3,034)
-
RSUs outstanding at the end of the year
5,259,604
6,920,967
RSUs exercisable at the end of the year
145,630
5,253,882
The weighted average share price of RSUs exercised during the year was ₹1,552 (31 March 2024, ₹1,162)
Total number of RSUs outstanding include 1,257,655 (31 March 2024, 842,404) perormance based RSUs, including
those linked to relative perormance parameters against select industry peers given to cerain senior employees.
Number of shares expected to vest will be based on actual perormance for each of the perormance parameters. All
other RSUs will vest if the employee continues to be in service on the roles of the Company or its subsidiaries on the
vesting date.
Outstanding perormance based RSUs includes 100,924 (31 March 2024, 57,730) RSUs granted for which perormance
targets will be finalized and communicated in subsequent years. Cost for these RSUs will be accounted from date of
finalization of perormance targets.
The details of exercise price for RSUs outstanding is as below:
Exercise price
(₹)
Number
of RSUs
Weighted
contractual life
of RSUs (in years)
As at 31 March 2025
5,259,604
2.0
As at 31 March 2024
6,920,967
0.6
The fair value of the awards are determined using the Black-Scholes Model for RSUs with time and non-market
perormance-based vesting conditions and Monte Carlo simulation model is used for RSUs with market perormance
based vesting conditions. The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, exercise price, expected
volatility, expected dividends, expected term and the risk-free rate of interest. Expected volatility during the term of
the RSUs is based on historical volatility of the observed market prices of the Company s publicly traded equity shares

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
during a period equivalent to the expected term of the RSUs. Expected volatility of the selected industry peers have
been modelled based on historical movements in the market prices of their publicly traded equity shares during a
period equivalent to the expected term of the RSUs. Correlation coefficient is calculated between each peer entity
based on the historical weekly share prices of the companies.
The fair value of each equity-setled award granted during the year is estimated on the date of grant using the
following assumptions:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Weighted average fair value (₹)
1,368
1,069
Weighted average share price (₹)
1,522
1,214
Exercise Price (₹)
Expected Volatility (%)
21.6 - 24.2
22.7 - 29.3
Life of the RSUs granted (vesting and exercise period) in years
1.3 - 3.7
1.3 - 4.5
Expected dividends (%)
2.8 - 3.5
3.9 - 4.4
Average risk-free interest rate (%)
6.5 - 7.1
6.8 - 7.1
The expected life of the RSU is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the RSU, as well as
expected exercise behaviour of the employee who receives the RSU.
3.13. Borrowings
Non-current
Current
As at
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Long term borrowings
Secured
Term loans from banks (refer note 1 and 2
Unsecured
Senior notes (refer note 3 below)
-
2,095
2,151
-
Term loans from banks (refer note 4 and 5
2,223
2,218
Less: Current maturities of long term borrowings
-
(2,218)
(89)
2,223
-
Shor term borrowings
Unsecured
Bank overdraft (refer note 6 below)
-
Shor term loan from banks (refer note 7
-
Current maturities of long term borrowings
-
2,218
-
2,221
Note
1.
The Group has term loans of ₹23 crores (31 March 2024, ₹42 crores) secured against gross block of vehicles of ₹91
crores (31 March 2024, ₹129 crores) at interest rates ranging from 7.50% p.a. to 9.15% p.a. (31 March 2024, 7.50% p.a.
to 9.15% p.a.). The loans are repayable over a period of 3 to 5 years on a monthly basis.

Consolidated Financial Statements
2.
The Group has term loans of ₹98 crores (31 March 2024, ₹134 crores) secured against assets of cerain
subsidiaries at interest rates ranging from 0.7% p.a. to 2.6% p.a. The loans are repayable till June 2031 on monthly/
quarerly basis.
3.
On 10 March 2021, the Group issued unsecured senior notes of USD 500 million (the notes ). The notes bear
interest at a rate of 1.375% per annum and will mature on 10 March 2026. Interest on the notes will be paid semi-
annually on 10 March and 10 September of each year. The notes are listed on Singapore Exchange Securities
Trading Limited (SGX-ST). The notes were issued at the discount price of 99.510% against par value and have an
effective interest rate of 1.58% p.a. after considering the issue expenses and discount.
On 21 February 2023, the Group bought back USD 248 million senior notes (carried at USD 246 million, net of issue
expenses and discount) for USD 225 million (₹1,814 crores).
4.
Unsecured long term loans as at 31 March 2024 of ₹11 crores borrowed from banks at interest rates ranging from
9.10% p.a. to 9.15% p.a. was repaid during the year.
5.
The Group has unsecured term loans of ₹16 crores (31 March 2024, ₹30 crores ) at interest rates ranging from 0.7%
p.a. to 2.9% p.a. The loans are repayable till December 2027 on monthly/quarerly basis.
6.
Represents bank overdrafts required for management of working capital at interest rate of 5.0% p.a. to 6.19% was
repaid during the year.
7.
Represents unsecured term loan required for management of working capital at interest rate of 7.10% p.a. which is
repaid in April 2025.
3.14 Trade payables - current
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Trade payables
3,006
2,564
Trade payables-related paries (refer note 3.32)
3,016
2,570
3,181
3,252
Unbilled and accruals-related paries (refer note 3.32)
3,209
3,283
6,225
5,853
Pariculars
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2025
Less than 1
More than 3
Total
(i) Undisputed
2,809
-
3,007
(ii) Disputed
-
2,810
-
3,016
3,209
-
3,209
6,225

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Pariculars
Not Due
Outstanding as at 31 March 2024
Less than 1
More than 3
Total
(i) Undisputed
2,301
-
2,569
(ii) Disputed
-
2,301
-
2,570
3,283
-
3,283
5,853
There are no transactions with struck off companies for the year ending 31 March 2025 and 2024.
3.15 Other financial liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non - current
Others
Others
Current
Interest accrued but not due on borrowings
Unclaimed dividends
Deferred consideration
Accrued salaries and benefits
3,879
3,258
Other employee costs
2,003
1,698
Others
Liabilities towards customer contracts
Others
7,003
5,630
Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments [refer note 3.29(a)]
-
Unrealized loss on derivative financial instruments [refer note 3.29(a)]
Contingent consideration
-
7,009
5,691

Consolidated Financial Statements
3.16. Provisions
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Non-current
Provision for gratuity (refer note 3.31)
Provision for pension (refer note 3.31)
1,920
1,612
Current
Provision for gratuity (refer note 3.31)
Provision for pension (refer note 3.31)
1,038
Other provisions
1,487
1,337
3.17 Other non-current liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Other deposits
3.18 Other current liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Advances received from customers
Withholding and other statutory dues
2,058
2,010
Others
2,278
2,183
3.19 Revenue from operations
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Sale of services
114,681
107,864
Sale of hardware and software
2,374
2,049
117,055
109,913
Disaggregate revenue information
Revenue disaggregation as per geography has been included in segment information (Refer note 3.30).
Remaining perormance obligations
Remaining perormance obligations are subject to variability due to several factors such as terminations, changes in
scope of contracts, periodic revalidations of the estimates, economic factors (changes in currency rates, tax laws etc).
As at 31 March 2025, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to remaining perormance obligation as
per the requirements of Ind AS 115 was ₹133,880 crores (31 March 2024, ₹134,365 crores) out of which, approximately
41% (31 March 2024, 40%) is expected to be recognized as revenues within one year and the balance beyond one year.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
These amounts are not adjusted for variable consideration allocated to remaining perormance obligation, which are
not probable. These amounts also exclude contracts for which we recognize revenues based on the right to invoice
for services perormed and contracts where consideration is in the form of a sales-based or usage-based royalty
promised in exchange for a license of intellectual propery.
Contract balances
Contract assets : Out of ₹1,463 crores as on 31 March 2025, ₹229 crores perains to the period prior to 31 March 2024
and the balance perains to current year.
Contract liabilities
The below table discloses the movement in balances of contract liabilities :
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
5,203
4,701
Additional amounts billed but not recognized as revenue
3,460
3,661
Deduction on account of revenues recognized during the year
(3,353)
(3,213)
5,716
5,203
Deferred contract cost: Deferred contract cost primarily represents the contract fulfilment cost and cost for obtaining
the contract.
The below table discloses the movement in balance of deferred contract cost:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
2,261
2,492
Additional cost capitalized during the year
Deduction on account of cost amorized during the year
(1,037)
(1,074)
(31)
-
1,849
2,261
Reconciliation of revenue recognised with the contracted price is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Contracted price
118,407
111,040
Reduction towards variable consideration components
(1,352)
(1,127)
Revenue recognised
117,055
109,913
The reduction towards variable consideration comprises of volume discounts, service level credits, etc.

Consolidated Financial Statements
3.20Other income
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest income
- On debt securities
- On bank and other deposits
1,177
- On income tax refund
- On others
- Unrealized (loss) gains on fair value changes on mutual funds
- Profit on sale of mutual funds
- Share of profit in limited liability parnership
- Unrealized (loss) on fair value changes on equity instruments
(8)
(18)
- Profit on sale of equity instruments
-
Profit on sale of propery, plant and equipments (net) (refer note below)
-
Gain on divestment in subsidiaries
-
Miscellaneous income
2,485
1,495
Note : Net of loss on sale of propery, plant and equipments of ₹2 crores (previous year ₹1 crores).
3.21 Changes in inventories of stock-in-trade
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Opening stock
Less : Closing stock
3.22 Employee benefits expense
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
58,178
54,606
Contribution to funds and other employee benefits
8,094
7,288
66,755
62,480

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
3.23. Finance costs
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest on lease liabilities
Interest on direct taxes
Other interest costs and bank charges
3.24. Other expenses
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
1,538
1,314
1,269
1,000
Communication costs
Recruitment, training and development
Expenditure toward corporate social responsibility activities
Insurance
Rent (refer note 3.28)
-
Others
1,336
1,186
7,606
6,860
3.25. Income taxes
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Income tax charged to statement of profit and loss
Current income tax charge
5,161
4,626
5,862
5,257
Income tax charged to other comprehensive income
Expense (benefit) on re-measurements of defined benefit plans
(20)
Expense (benefit) on revaluation of cash flow hedges
(11)
Expense (benefit) on unrealized gain (loss) on debt instruments
-
(25)

Consolidated Financial Statements
The reconciliation between the Group s provision for income tax and amount computed by applying the statutory
income tax rate in India is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
23,261
20,967
Statutory tax rate in India
34.94%
Expected tax expense
8,127
7,327
Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected tax expense to repored tax
Non-taxable expor income
(1,573)
(1,755)
Provision (reversal) due to change in tax positions and impact of prior period
(120)
(41)
Differences between Indian and foreign tax rates
(665)
(533)
Others (net)
Total taxes
5,862
5,257
Effective income tax rate
25.20%
25.07%
In India, the company has benefited from cerain tax incentives that the Government of India has provided for the
units situated in Special Economic Zones (SEZs) under the Special Economic Zone Act, 2005, which began providing
services on or after 1 April 2005. The eligible units are eligible for a deduction of 100% of profits or gains derived from
the expor of services for the first five years from the year of commencement of operations and 50% of such profits and
gains for the next five years. Cerain tax benefits are also available for a furher period of five years subject to meeting
reinvestment conditions. The aforesaid tax benefits will not be available to units having commenced the operations
after 31 March 2021.
The Company and its subsidiaries in India are subject to Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) on its book profits if normal tax
liability is lower than MAT, which gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of adjustment of future income
tax liability. MAT paid for a year can be set-off against the normal tax liability within fifteen subsequent years, expiring
between the years 2025 to 2039.
In India, Corporate taxpayers can opt for a specified lower tax rate in lieu of current applicable tax rate subject to
taxpayers not claiming any specified tax incentives including tax incentives available to special economic zone units
and carryover of unutilized MAT credit ( new tax regime ). The Company will opt for new tax regime in the year new tax
regime is beneficial to the Company.
The tax returns are subject to examination by the tax authorities in the jurisdictions where the Group conducts
business. The Group s two major tax jurisdictions are India and USA. Tax examination is open in USA for tax years
beginning 1 April 2017 onwards and for India, regular tax examination is open for tax years beginning 1 April 2022 and
cerain maters relating to prior years for which the tax assessment has already got concluded are subject to ongoing
litigations, appeals and reassessment proceedings. The Company has significant inter-company transactions with
its subsidiaries including in USA and UK. The Company has also filed for bilateral advance pricing agreements in
cerain jurisdictions staring from 1 April 2017 for some of which the resolutions have been reached during the year and
accounted for in the consolidated financial statements. For cerain jurisdictions, the resolution is yet to be reached.
Resolution of these maters involves some degree of uncerainty; accordingly, the Group recognizes income tax
liability that IT believes will ultimately result from the proceedings.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as on 31 March 2025
Opening
Recognized
Recognized
from OCI
Acquisitions/
Divestment
Recognized
Exchange
Closing
Business losses
(4)
-
(12)
1,115
(1,050)
-
(65)
-
(23)
-
(1)
-
1,103
(5)
-
1,279
(7)
-
(3)
-
Lease liabilities
(18)
-
(11)
-
(71)
-
(52)
Others
-
3,730
(891)
(61)
(52)
2,773
(51)
-
Unrealized gain on derivative
financial instruments
(1)
(11)
-
2,446
(114)
-
2,378
(53)
-
(8)
-
Others
-
(1)
3,470
(190)
(5)
-
3,324
Net deferred tax liabilities (A-B)
(701)
(79)
(52)
(4)
(551)
Components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as on 31 March 2024
Opening
Recognized
Recognized
from OCI
Acquisitions/
Divestment
Recognized
Exchange
Closing
Business losses
(7)
-
2,096
(981)
-
1,115
(4)
-
(1)
1,034
(8)
-
1,103
-
Lease liabilities
-
(2)
-
Others
-
(2)
4,387
(720)
(8)
-
3,730

Consolidated Financial Statements
Opening
Recognized
Recognized
from OCI
Acquisitions/
Divestment
Recognized
Exchange
Closing
(80)
-
Unrealized gain on derivative
financial instruments
-
2,465
(167)
-
2,446
-
Others
-
3,296
(89)
-
3,470
Net deferred tax assets (A-B)
1,091
(631)
(120)
(147)
(2)
The Company s subsidiaries have recognized deferred tax assets on carry forward business losses which can be
utilized against profits within the limit and carry over period permited under laws of respective jurisdictions.
Deferred tax assets primarily related to carried forward losses and other temporary differences for cerain subsidiaries
amounting to ₹79 crores (31 March 2024, ₹96 crores) was not recognized as per applicable accounting standards.
These tax losses can be carried forward for an indefinite period except for tax losses amounting to ₹38 crores (31
March 2024, ₹42 crores) which will expire by 31 March 2033 (previous year, 31 March 2032).
Above tables represent the gross deferred tax assets and liabilities. Amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities
presented in consolidated balance sheet have been offset, wherever the Group has legally enforceable right and IT is
related to same taxable authority.
Undistributed earnings of the subsidiaries aggregate approximately ₹27,382 crores (31 March 2024, ₹25,185 crores). The
Group has the intent to reinvest the undistributed foreign earnings indefinitely in its significant overseas operations or
repatriate only to the extent these can be distributed in a tax free manner. Consequently, the Company did not record
a deferred tax liability on the undistributed earnings except for cerain subsidiaries where the undistributed earnings
are estimated to be in excess of the expected reinvestment needs.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has published the model rules for global
minimum tax (Pillar Two model rules). Pillar Two legislation has been enacted, or substantively enacted, in cerain
jurisdictions where the Group operates. The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules and has
evaluated the potential exposure to global minimum tax. The Group does not expect any material financial impact for
the current period. The evaluation of the potential exposure is based on the most recent country-by-country reporing,
and financial statements for the constituent entities in the Group.
3.26 Components of other comprehensive income atributable to owners of the Company
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
A
Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit and loss
Actuarial gains (losses)
(1)
Income tax benefit (expense)
(8)
(2)
-

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
B
Opening balance
5,145
4,731
Foreign currency translation gain
Atributable to non controlling interest
(1)
-
Net gain reclassified into statement of profit and loss on divestment in
subsidiaries
(39)
-
Closing balance
5,958
5,145
(18)
Net gain reclassified into statement of profit and loss on occurrence of
hedged transactions
(133)
(107)
Income tax benefit (expense)
(112)
Unrealized gain on debt instruments
(2)
(1)
Income tax expense
(6)
-
(2)
TOTAL (B)
6,325
5,640
3.27 Earnings per equity share (EPS)
The computation of earnings per equity share is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Profit for the year atributable to owners of the Company
17,390
15,702
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding in calculating basic EPS
2,710,595,926
2,707,840,239
Dilutive effect of Restricted Stock Units outstanding
2,608,333
6,025,296
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding in calculating diluted EPS
2,713,204,259
2,713,865,535
Nominal value of equity shares (in ₹)
Earnings per equity share (in ₹)
- Basic
64.16
57.99
- Diluted
64.09
57.86

Consolidated Financial Statements
3.28. Leases
Group as a lessee
The Group s significant leasing arrangements are in respect of leases for office spaces, leasehold land and IT
equipments.
The details of the right-of-use assets held by the Group is as follows:
Leasehold land
Buildings
Computers and
Total
Balance as at 1 April 2023
1,603
2,337
Depreciation
(5)
(647)
(190)
(842)
Additions
-
1,300
-
Derecognition
-
(45)
(46)
(91)
-
Balance as at 31 March 2024
2,080
2,910
Balance as at 1 April 2024
2,080
2,910
Depreciation
(4)
(639)
(178)
(821)
Additions
-
1,192
2,020
-
(50)
-
(50)
Derecognition
-
(188)
(901)
(1,089)
-
Balance as at 31 March 2025
2,050
3,016
The reconciliation of lease liabilities is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
3,429
2,535
Additions
2,005
1,729
Amounts recognized in statement of profit and loss as interest expense
Payment of lease liabilities
(1,453)
(1,148)
-
(66)
-
Derecognition
(205)
(50)
3,985
3,429
The lease rental expense relating to shor-term leases recognized in the statement of profit and loss for the year
amounted to ₹98 crores (previous year, ₹68 crores).

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The following table presents a maturity analysis of expected undiscounted cash flows for lease liabilities:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Within one year
1,538
1,254
One to two years
1,136
Two to three years
Three to five years
Thereafter
Total lease payments
4,486
3,883
Imputed interest
(501)
(454)
Total lease liabilities
3,985
3,429
Cerain lease agreements include options to terminate or extend the leases. The lease agreements do not contain any
material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
Lease liability excludes extension options, as Group can replace these assets without significant cost or business
disruption. As at 31 March 2025, undiscounted potential future cash outflows of ₹1,779 crores (31 March 2024, ₹1,451
crores) have not been included in the lease liability because IT is not reasonably cerain that the leases will be extended
(or not terminated).
Group as a lessor
The Group has given IT equipments to its customers on a finance lease basis. The future lease receivables in respect of
assets given on finance lease are as follows:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Total minimum lease payments receivable
Not later than one year
Later than one year and not later than 5 years
1,318
1,067
Interest included in minimum lease payments receivable
(106)
(63)
Present value of minimum lease payments receivable
1,212
1,004
3.29. Financial instruments
Derivatives
The Group is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations on assets/liabilities and forecasted cash flows denominated
in foreign currency. The use of derivatives to hedge the risk is governed by the Group s strategy, which provides
principles on the use of such forward contracts and currency options consistent with the Group s risk management
policy. The Group determines hedge ratio based on prevailing market conditions, availability and liquidity of hedging
instruments, and hedge ineffectiveness. The counterparies in these derivative instruments are banks and the Group
considers the risks of non-perormance by the counterparies as insignificant. The Group has entered into a series of
foreign exchange forward contracts and options that are designated as cash flow hedges and the related forecasted
transactions extend through March 2030. The Group does not use these derivative instruments for speculative
purposes.

Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents the aggregate notional principal amounts of the outstanding derivative instruments
which have been designated as cash flow hedges:
Notional Currency
Notional principal
amounts (amount
in millions)
Balance sheet
exposure Asset
(Liability)
As at 31 March 2025
Forward contracts (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
1,830
GBP/INR
GBP
(11)
EUR/INR
EUR
CHF/INR
CHF
SEK/INR
SEK
AUD/INR
AUD
NOK/INR
NOK
CAD/INR
CAD
JPY/INR
JPY
6,337
SGD/INR
SGD
Range Forward (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
-
GBP/INR
GBP
-
EUR/INR
EUR
-
Notional Currency
Notional principal
amounts (amount
in millions)
Balance sheet
exposure Asset
(Liability)
As at 31 March 2024
Forward contracts (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
2,406
GBP/INR
GBP
EUR/INR
EUR
CHF/INR
CHF
SEK/INR
SEK
1,105
AUD/INR
AUD
NOK/INR
NOK
CAD/INR
CAD
JPY/INR
JPY
5,962
SGD/INR
SGD
Range Forward (Sell covers)
USD/INR
USD
GBP/INR
GBP
EUR/INR
EUR

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The Group has entered into derivative instruments not designated as hedging relationship by way of foreign exchange
forwards contracts and currency options. As at 31 March 2025 and 2024, the notional principal amount of outstanding
contracts aggregated to ₹8,707 crores and ₹7,326 crores, respectively and the respective balance sheet exposure of
these contracts have a net gain of ₹77 crores and a net loss of ₹(10) crores.
The notional amount is a key element of derivative financial instrument agreements. However, notional amounts do
not represent the amount exchanged by counterparies and do not measure the Group s exposure to credit risk as
these contracts are setled at their fair values at the maturity date.
The balance sheet exposure denotes the fair values of these contracts at the reporing date and is presented in
₹crores. The Group presents its foreign exchange derivative instruments on a net basis in the consolidated financial
statements due to the right of offset by its individual counterparies under master neting agreements.
As at 31 March 2025
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
Total fair
Current
Non current
Current
Non current
(31)
(19)
(34)
(19)
(103)
(3)
-
(14)
-
(17)
-
(31)
-
(3)
-
(6)
-
As at 31 March 2024
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
Total fair
Current
Non current
Current
Non current
(10)
(11)
(10)
(11)
(42)
-

Consolidated Financial Statements
As at 31 March 2024
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
Total fair
Current
Non current
Current
Non current
-
(13)
-
(24)
-
(37)
-
(11)
-
(10)
(11)
-
The following tables set forh the fair value of derivative instruments included in the consolidated balance sheets as at
each date indicated:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Unrealized gain on financial instruments classified under non-current financial
assets
Unrealized loss on financial instruments classified under current financial
(3)
-
Unrealized loss on financial instruments classified under non-current financial
-
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
Unrealized loss on financial instruments classified under current financial
(3)
(11)
(10)
The following table summarizes the activities in the statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Derivatives in hedging relationships
Effective porion of gain or (loss) recognized in OCI on derivatives
(18)
Effective porion of gain reclassified from OCI into statement of profit and loss as
exchange differences
Derivatives not in hedging relationships
Gain or (loss) recognized into statement of profit and loss as exchange
differences
(173)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The following table summarizes the activity in Other comprehensive income within equity related to all derivatives
classified as cash flow hedges:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Gain as at the beginning of the year
Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives during the year
(18)
Net gain reclassified into statement of profit and loss on occurrence of hedged
transactions
(133)
(107)
Gain as at the end of the year
Deferred tax liability
(118)
(129)
Cash flow hedging reserve (net of tax)
The estimated net amount of existing gain that is expected to be reclassified into the statement of profit and loss
within the next twelve months is ₹129 crores (previous year, ₹190 crores).
Financial assets and liabilities
The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at 31 March 2025 is as follows:
Fair value
Fair value
Amorized
Total carrying
Financial assets
Investments
3,255
4,309
-
7,564
-
26,864
-
8,245
-
13,044
Loans
-
1,562
Others
3,268
3,801
Total
3,335
4,762
52,983
61,080
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
2,291
Lease liabilities
-
3,985
-
6,225
Others
7,402
7,473
Total
19,903
19,974

Consolidated Financial Statements
The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at 31 March 2024 is as follows:
Fair value
Fair value
Amorized
Total carrying
Financial assets
Investments
3,646
3,491
-
7,137
-
26,145
-
9,456
-
10,694
Loans
-
1,081
Others
1,938
2,581
Total
3,647
4,133
49,314
57,094
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
2,327
Lease liabilities
-
3,429
-
5,853
Others
-
6,300
6,421
Total
-
17,909
18,030
Transfer of financial assets
The Group in the normal course of business sells cerain trade receivables and finance lease receivables to banks.
Under the terms of arrangements, the Group surrenders control over these assets and transfer is on a non-recourse
During the year ended 31 March 2025 and 2024, the Group has sold cerain receivables on non-recourse basis. Gains or
losses on the sales are recorded at the time of transfers of these receivables and are immaterial.
Fair value hierarchy
The assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at 31 March 2025 and the basis for that
Fair Value
Level 1 inputs
Level 2 inputs
Level 3 inputs
Assets
3,255
3,164
-
4,309
-
4,309
-
Liabilities
-
Contingent consideration
-
Other financial liabilities
-

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at 31 March 2024 and the basis for that
measurement:
Fair Value
Level 1 inputs
Level 2 inputs
Level 3 inputs
Assets
3,646
3,552
-
3,491
-
3,491
-
Liabilities
-
Contingent consideration
-
Other financial liabilities
-
There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the current and previous year.
Valuation Methodologies
Investments: The Group s investments consist of investment in debt linked mutual funds which are determined using
quoted prices or identical quoted prices of assets or liabilities in active markets and are classified as Level 1. Fair value
of corporate debt securities is determined using observable markets inputs and is classified as Level 2.
Investments in unquoted equity shares and limited liability parnerships are classified as fair value through profit and
loss and are classified as Level 3. The re-measurement is calculated using unobservable inputs based on the Group s
own assessment of third pary valuations and respective company s financial perormance.
Derivative financial instruments: The Group s derivative financial instruments consist of foreign currency forward
exchange contracts and options. Fair values for derivative financial instruments are based on counter pary quotations
and are classified as Level 2.
Fair value of contingent consideration: The fair value measurement of contingent consideration is determined using
Level 3 inputs. The Group contingent consideration represents a component of the total purchase consideration for its
various acquisitions. The measurement is calculated using unobservable inputs based on the Group s own assessment
of achievement of cerain perormance goals.
Fair value of consideration payable for other financial liabilities is determined using Monte Carlo and Geometric
Brownian model. The fair value measurement is determined using Level 3 Inputs.
The Group assessed that fair value of cash and cash equivalent, loans, shor-term deposits, trade receivables, unbilled
receivables, other current financial assets, trade payables and other current financial liabilities approximate their
carrying amounts largely due to the shor-term maturities of these instruments.
The following table discloses reconciliation of financial assets and liabilities categorised within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy:

Consolidated Financial Statements
Investment in
unquoted equity
shares and limited
liability parnerships
Contingent
consideration
Other financial
Balance as at 1 April 2023
Recognized in statement of profit and loss
(14)
(28)
Additional investments
-
Proceeds from sale of equity instruments
(12)
-
Payment of liability
-
(2)
Exchange differences
-
(2)
Balance as at 31 March 2024
Balance as at 1 April 2024
Recognized in statement of profit and loss
(5)
-
Payment of liability
-
(50)
(2)
Additional investments
-
Distribution from limited liability parnership
(4)
-
Exchange differences
-
(1)
Balance as at 31 March 2025
-
Financial risk management
The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk which may impact the fair value of its financial
instruments. The Group has a risk management policy to manage and mitigate these risks.
The Group s risk management policy aims to reduce volatility in financial statements while maintaining balance
between providing predictability in the Group s business plan along with reasonable paricipation in market movement.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes
in market prices. Market risk comprises of currency risk and interest rate risk. The Group is primarily exposed to
fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates.
Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of
changes in exchange rates. The Group s exposure to the risk of changes in exchange rates relates primarily to the
Group s operations in foreign subsidiaries.
The exchange rate risk primarily arises from assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the
functional currency of the respective entities and foreign currency forecasted revenue and cash flows. A
significant porion of the Group revenue is in US Dollar, Pound Sterling (GBP) and Euro while a large porion of
costs are in Indian rupees.
The fluctuation in exchange rates in respect to India rupee may have potential impact on the statement of profit
and loss and other comprehensive income and equity.
To mitigate the foreign currency risk the Group uses derivatives as governed by the Group s strategy, which

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
provides principles on the use of such forward contracts and currency options consistent with the Group s Risk
Management Policy.
Appreciation/depreciation of 5% in respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of the
Company and its subsidiaries would result in increase/decrease in the Group s profit before tax by approximately
₹652 crores (31 March 2024,₹574 crores) for the year ended 31 March 2025.
The rate sensitivity is calculated by aggregation of the net foreign exchange exposure and a simultaneous
parallel foreign exchange rates shift of all the currencies by 5% against the respective functional currencies of the
Company and its subsidiaries. The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual
Non-derivative foreign currency exposure as of 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 in major currencies is as below:
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
USD/INR
11,404
7,248
2,225
GBP/INR
EUR/INR
1,269
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. The Group s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates arises on
borrowings with floating interest rate which is not material.
Credit risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash
and bank balances, inter-corporate deposits, trade receivables, finance lease receivables, investment securities and
derivative instruments. The cash resources of the Group are invested with mutual funds, banks, financial institutions
and corporations after an evaluation of the credit risk. By their nature, all such financial instruments involve risks,
including the credit risk of non-perormance by counterparies.
The customers of the Group are primarily corporations based in the United States of America and Europe and
accordingly, trade receivables, unbilled receivables and finance lease receivables are concentrated in the respective
countries. The Group periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial
condition, current economic trends, analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of trade receivables, unbilled
receivables, contract assets and finance lease receivables. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of trade
receivables, unbilled receivables and finance lease receivables. The Group also outsourced selected client related
credit risks to financial markets through Non-recourse assignment of receivables.
The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on customer balances is as below:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year
Additional provision during the year
Deductions on account of write offs and collections
(301)
(254)
(5)
Balance at the end of the year

Consolidated Financial Statements
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with financial
liabilities. The investment philosophy of the Group is capital preservation and liquidity in preference to returns. The
Group consistently generates sufficient cash flows from operations and has access to multiple sources of funding to
meet the financial obligations and maintain adequate liquidity for use.
Maturity profile of the Group s financial liabilities based on contractual payments is as below:
Year 1
(Current)
Year 2
Year 3
Year
4-5 and
thereafter
Total
As at 31 March 2025
Borrowings
2,260
2,335
Lease liabilities
1,538
1,136
4,486
6,225
-
6,225
-
Others
7,001
7,505
Total
17,030
1,447
1,187
20,557
As at 31 March 2024
Borrowings
2,194
2,394
Lease liabilities
1,254
1,014
3,883
5,853
-
5,853
-
Others
5,678
6,461
Total
12,920
3,472
1,225
18,602
Under cash pooling arrangements with banks outside India, the contractual terms of arrangements preclude individual
bank accounts within the arrangement from being considered separate units of account. Accordingly, the balances of
all such bank accounts subject to the arrangements are presented on net basis. The impact of such neting on bank
balances and bank overdraft is ₹112 crores (31 March 2024, ₹63 crores).
3.30Segment Reporing
Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which discrete financial information is available
and whose results are reviewed regularly by the chief operating decision maker (CODM), for allocation of resources and
assessing perormance.
The group has organized itself into the following segments:
IT and Business Services provide a comprehensive porfolio of IT & Business Services (Application, Infrastructure and
Digital Process Operations) and Digital transformation services enabled by Digital and Analytics, IoTWoRKs, Cloud
native and Cybersecurity solutions including products developed within these businesses.
Engineering and R&D Services provides comprehensive engineering services and solutions across software,
embedded, mechanical, VLSI and platform engineering that suppor the end to end lifecycle of products - both
hardware and software across diverse industries including products developed within this business.
HCL Software provides modernized software products and IP-led offerings to our global clients for their technology
and industry specific requirements.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Segment accounting policies
The accounting principles used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistently applied
to record revenue and expenditure in individual segments and are as set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements on material accounting policies. The accounting policies in relation to segment accounting are as under:
Segment revenue and expenses
Segment revenue is directly atributable to the segment and segment expenses have been allocated to various
segments on the basis of specific identification and wherever allocable, are apporioned to the segment on an
appropriate basis. Segment revenue does not include other income. Unallocable expenses are not allocable
to any segment and primarily include finance cost, and exchange differences. Inter segment revenue primarily
relates to software and related services sourced internally from HCL Software segment by other segments for
providing services to end customers.
Segment assets and liabilities
Assets and liabilities are not identified to any reporable segments, since these are used interchangeably across
segments and consequently, the management believes that IT is not practicable or meaningful to provide
segment disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities.
Financial information about the business segments is as follows :
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Revenue from operations from external customers
IT and Business Services
86,438
81,179
Engineering and R&D services
18,960
17,667
HCL Software
11,657
11,067
Total
117,055
109,913
Inter-segment revenue
IT and Business Services
-
Engineering and R&D services
-
HCL Software
Total
Segment revenues
IT and Business Services
86,438
81,179
Engineering and R&D services
18,960
17,667
HCL Software
12,049
11,454
Inter-segment elimination
(392)
(387)
Total
117,055
109,913
Segment results
IT and Business Services
14,796
13,789
Engineering and R&D services
3,415
3,422
HCL Software
3,209
2,816
Total
21,420
20,027
Unallocable expenses
(558)
(555)
Other income
2,399
1,495
23,261
20,967
Tax expense
(5,862)
(5,257)
17,399
15,710
Significant non-cash items
4,084
4,173

Consolidated Financial Statements
Effective 1 April 2024, services related to cerain software products, previously under HCL Software, are now
managed by IT and Business Services and Engineering and R&D Services segments. Revenues and results
have been repored under respective segments, with prior period figures restated. The impact of this change is
immaterial for the segments.
Segment revenue from customers by geographic area based on location of the customer is as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
United States of America (USA)
67,987
63,435
Europe
31,240
29,270
India *
3,667
3,815
14,161
13,393
117,055
109,913
* includes revenue billed to India based captive of global customers
No single customer represents 10% or more of the Group s total revenue for the years ended 31 March 2025 and
2024, respectively.
Group operates out of various geographies and USA & Europe constitute major porion of revenue. In case of IT
and Business Services and Engineering and R&D services approximately 59% and 58% of revenues are generated
in USA, Europe generates around 27% and 26% revenue and balance is generated by other geographies during
year ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 respectively. HCL Software segment generates approximately 52% and 52%
revenue from USA, 28% and 28% from Europe and balance geographies generates rest of revenue during the year
ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 respectively.
Geographical non-current assets (propery, plant and equipment, capital work in progress, right-of-use assets,
goodwill, other intangible assets and other non-current assets) are allocated based on the location of the assets.
Geographical non-current assets based on the location of the assets is as follows:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
India
16,540
16,733
United States of America (USA)
9,951
9,722
Europe
9,430
8,376
2,539
2,234
38,460
37,065
3.31. Employee benefits
The Group has calculated the various benefits provided to employees as shown below:
(A)
Defined contribution plans
Superannuation Fund
Employer s contribution to Employee Pension Scheme
During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries in India have recognized the following amounts in the
statement of profit and loss:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Superannuation Fund
Employer s contribution to Employee s Pension Scheme
Total

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
The Group has contributed ₹1,180 crores (previous year ₹1,068 crores) towards other defined contribution plans of
subsidiaries outside India.
(B)
Gratuity
Pension
Employer s contribution to provident fund
Gratuity
The following table sets out the status of the gratuity plan:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest cost (net)
Balance Sheet
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
1,201
1,185
Changes in present value of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest cost
(1)
(22)
Experience adjustments
(4)
(10)
Business combinations
-
Benefits paid
(77)
(68)
1,201

Consolidated Financial Statements
Changes in fair value of the plan assets are as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Opening fair value of plan assets
Interest income
Contributions
Re-measurement gains (losses) in OCI
-
Benefits paid
(70)
(64)
Closing fair value of plan assets
The overall expected rate of return on assets is determined based on the market prices prevailing on that date,
applicable to the period over which the obligation is to be setled.
The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity for the Group s plans are shown below:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Discount rate
6.70%
7.20%
5.50%
6.00%
Expected rate of return on assets
6.70%
7.20%
The estimates of future salary increases, considered in the actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority,
promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market. Inherent risk exists
for the Company that any adverse salary growth or demographic experience or inadequate returns on underlying
plan assets can result in an increase in cost of providing these benefits to employees in future. Since the benefits
are lump sum in nature the plan is not subject to any longevity risks.
Discount rate and future salary escalation rate are the key actuarial assumptions to which the defined benefit
obligation are paricularly sensitive. The following table summarizes the impact on defined benefit obligation as
at 31 March 2025 arising due to increase/decrease in key actuarial assumptions by 50 basis points:
Discount rate
Salary escalation rate
As at
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Impact of increase
(30)
(24)
Impact of decrease
(30)
(24)
The sensitivity analysis presented may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit
obligations as sensitivities have been calculated to show the movement in defined benefit obligations in isolation
and assuming there are no other changes in market conditions. There have been no changes from the previous
years in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis.
Year ending 31 March
Cash flows
- 2026
- 2027
- 2028
- 2029
- 2030
- Thereafter
3,508
The weighted average duration for the payment of these cash flows is 5.57 years.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Retirement benefit pension plans
The following table sets out the status of the plan :
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Current service cost (including interest)
Balance Sheet
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
-
Changes in present value of the retirement benefit pension plans are as follows:
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest cost
-
Business Combination
-
Benefits paid
(7)
-
The principal assumptions used in determining retirement benefit pension plans obligation are shown below:
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Discount rate
3.39%
3.33%
2.50%
Year ending 31 March,
Cash flows
-2026
-2027
-2028
-2029
-2030
- Upto 10 years

Consolidated Financial Statements
Employers Contribution to Provident Fund
The actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on the basis of guidance issued by Actuarial
Society of India based on the assumption mentioned below.
The details of the fund and plan asset position are given below:
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the year end
8,906
7,529
Present value of benefit obligation at year end
8,906
7,529
Net liability recognized in balance sheet
-
Assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the
Deterministic Approach
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Government of India (GOI) bond yield
6.70%
7.20%
Remaining term of maturity
7.51 years
7.21 years
Expected guaranteed interest rate
8.25%
During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Group has contributed ₹547 crores (previous year, ₹495 crores) towards
employer s contribution to provident fund.
3.32 Related pary transactions
Related paries where control exists
List of subsidiaries as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 is as below:
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Direct subsidiaries
India
100%
Bermuda
100%
China
100%
Singapore
100%
HCL Training & Staffing Services Private Limited
India
100%
USA
100%
Singapore
100%
Geometric Europe GmbH
Germany
100%
India
100%
H. C L Technologies Lanka (Private) Limited
Sri Lanka
100%
HCL Technologies Jigani Limited !
India
-
100%
UK
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Step down subsidiaries of direct subsidiaries
UK
100%
Australia
100%
New Zealand
100%
Hong Kong
100%
Japan
100%
USA
100%
HCL Technologies Austria GmbH
Austria
100%
India
100%
Poland
100%
UK
100%
UK
100%
UK
100%
Canada
100%
HCL Technologies Solutions GmbH
Switzerland
100%
UK
100%
Malaysia
100%
HCL Axon Solutions (Shanghai) Co. Limited
China
100%
HCL Technologies (Proprietary) Ltd %
South Africa
48.16%
Argentina
100%
HCL Technologies Mexico S.De.R.L.De.C.V
Mexico
100%
Romania
100%
Hungary
100%
HCL Latin America Holding LLC
USA
100%
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia da Informacao LTDA
Brazil
100%
HCL Technologies Denmark Aps
Denmark
100%
HCL Technologies Norway AS
Norway
100%
Indonesia
100%
Philippines
100%
HCL Technologies South Africa (Proprietary) Limited %
South Africa
36.40%

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
HCL Arabia LLC
Saudi Arabia
100%
HCL Technologies France SAS
France
100%
Filial Espanola De HCL Technologies S.L
Spain
100%
Anzospan Investments Pty Limited %
South Africa
70%
UK
100%
Statestreet HCL Holding UK Limited **
UK
-
100%
Statestreet HCL Services (Philippines) Inc. **
Philippines
-
100%
Statestreet HCL Services (India) Private Limited **
India
-
100%
USA
100%
HCL Technologies Chile Spa
Chile
100%
UK
100%
Netherlands
100%
HCL (Ireland) Information Systems Limited
Ireland
100%
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
Germany
100%
HCL Technologies Belgium BV
Belgium
100%
HCL Technologies Sweden AB
Sweden
100%
HCL Technologies Finland Oy
Finland
100%
HCL Technologies Italy S.P.A
Italy
100%
HCL Technologies Columbia S.A.S
Columbia
100%
HCL Technologies Middle East FZ-LLC
UAE
100%
HCL Istanbul Bilisim Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi
Turkey
100%
HCL Technologies Greece Single Member P.C
Greece
100%
Venezuela
100%
HCL Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd
China
100%
HCL Technologies Luxembourg S.a r.l
Luxembourg
100%
Egypt
100%
HCL Technologies Estonia OÜ
Estonia
100%
Thailand
100%
Czech Republic
100%
HCL Muscat Technology LLC
Oman
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
HCL Technologies Lithuania UAB
Lithuania
100%
China
100%
China
100%
Butler America Aerospace LLC
USA
100%
HCL Lending Solutions, LLC
USA
100%
Datawave (An HCL Technologies Company) Limited !
Scotland
-
100%
UK
100%
India
100%
C3i Europe Eood
Bulgaria
100%
C3i Japan GK
Japan
100%
C3i Services & Technologies (Dalian) Co., Ltd
China
100%
USA
100%
Actian Australia Pty. Ltd.
Australia
100%
UK
100%
Actian France SAS
France
100%
Actian Germany GmbH
Germany
100%
USA
100%
India
100%
Versant GmbH
Germany
100%
Versant India Private Limited $
India
-
100%
HCL Technologies Vietnam Company Limited
Vietnam
100%
HCL Guatemala, Sociedad Anonima
Guatemala
100%
Sankguj Semiconductor Private Limited $
India
-
100%
Canada
100%
Sankalp Semiconductor GmbH. !
Germany
-
100%
HCL Technologies Trinidad And Tobago Limited
Trinidad and
Tobago
100%
HCL Technologies Azerbaijan Limited Liability Company
Azerbaijan
100%
HCL Technologies Bulgaria EOOD
Bulgaria
100%
Vietnam
100%
HCL Technologies Angola (SU), LDA
Angola
100%

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Australia
100%
New Zealand
100%
Phoenix IT & T Consulting Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
Australia
100%
DWS Product Solutions Pty Ltd !
Australia
-
100%
Graeme V Jones & Associates Pty Ltd !
Australia
-
100%
Strategic Data Management Pty Ltd !
Australia
-
100%
SDM Sales Pty Ltd !
Australia
-
100%
Peru
100%
HCL Technologies Costa Rica Sociedad De
Responsabilidad Limitada
Costa Rica
100%
HCL Technologies gbs GmbH
Germany
51%
Slovakia
100%
HCL Technologies Bahrain W.L.L
Bahrain
100%
Morocco
100%
USA
100%
HCL Technologies Swizterland AG (Formerly Confinale
AG )
Switzerland
100%
Confinale (Deutschland) GmbH
Germany
100%
UK
100%
India
100%
ASAP Holding GmbH
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Gaimersheim
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Russelsheim
Germany
100%
ASAP Electronics GmbH
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Weyhausen
Germany
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Friedrichshafen
Germany
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
ASAP Quality Consulting GmbH
Germany
100%
FIDUS Personal GmbH
Germany
100%
Sigl Bordnetz Design GmbH *
Germany
-
100%
Dicturus Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft GmbH &
Co. Vermie
Germany
94%
Zeenea Inc # !
USA
-
Zeenea SAS #
France
100%
-
Zeenea Benelux #
Belgium
100%
-
HCL Technologies Sdn Bhd ^
Brunei
100%
-
HCLTech Public Sector Solutions Inc. ^
USA
100%
-
^ Incorporated during the year
# Acquired during the year
! Closed during the year
* Merged during the year
$ Amalgamated during the year
% The Group has majority composition of board of directors and management control.
** Sold during the year
Employee benefit trusts incorporated in India
Hindustan Instruments Limited Employees Provident Fund Trust
HCL Consulting Limited Employees Superannuation Scheme
HCL Comnet System and Services Limited Employees Provident Fund Trust
HCL Technologies Employees Group Gratuity Trust
HCL Technologies Stock Options Trust
C3i Suppor Services Employees Gratuity Trust
Sankalp Semiconductor Private Limited Employees Group Gratuity Trust
Related paries with whom transactions have taken place
Key Management Personnel
Mr. C. Vijayakumar - Chief Executive Officer and Managing director
Mr. Shiv Walia - Chief Financial Officer (appointed Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. 6 September 2024)
Mr. Manish Anand - Company Secretary
Mr. Prateek Aggarwal - Chief Financial Officer (ceased to be Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. 6 September 2024)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Non-Executive & Independent Directors
Mr. Thomas Sieber
Ms. Nishi Vasudeva
Mr. Deepak Kapoor
Mr. Simon England
Ms. Vanitha Narayanan
Ms. Bhavani Balasubramanian
Ms. Lee Fang Chew (appointed director w.e.f. 24 April 2024)
Mr. R. Srinivasan (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Ms. Robin Abrams (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Dr. Sosale S. Sastry (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Mr. S. Madhavan (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Dr. Mohan Chellappa (ceased to be director w.e.f. close of business hours of 5 August 2024)
Non-Executive & Non-Independent Directors
Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra, Chairperson
Mr. Shikhar Malhotra
Others (Significant influence)
HCL Infotech Limited
Mr. Shiv Nadar
HCL Avitas Private Limited
Ms. Kiran Nadar
HCL IT City Lucknow Private Limited
HCL Infosystems Limited
Naksha Enterprises Private Limited
Kiran Nadar Museum of Ar*
Guvi Geek Network Private Limited
Mr. Raj Kumar Walia
Shiv Nadar Foundation*
Shiv Nadar Institution of Eminence deemed to be University*
* Public Charitable Trusts in which Mr. Shiv Nadar or his family members are managing trustees.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Transactions with related paries during the normal course of business
Significant influence
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interest income
Employee benefit expense
Payment for use of facilities
Interim dividend
9,906
8,582
Purchase of vehicle
-
Depreciation charge on right-of-use assets
Interest expense on the lease liability
Other expenses
Material related pary transactions
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Interim dividend paid
7,191
6,232
2,680
2,323
Transactions with Key Managerial personnel during the year (on accrual basis)
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Compensation
- Shor-term employee benefits
- Other long-term employee benefits
Interim dividend
Other long term employee benefits include expense of ₹38 crores (previous year, ₹33 crores) recorded by the Group on
account of share-based payments.
Above does not include post-employment benefits based on actuarial valuation as this is done for the company as a
whole.
Transactions with Directors during the year
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Commission & other benefits to Directors (includes siting fees)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Outstanding balances
Significant influence
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Trade receivables, other financial assets and other assets
Trade payables and other financial liabilities
Employee and other payables
Lease liabilities
All transactions entered by the Group with related paries are at arm s length and in ordinary course of business.
No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other
sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies incorporated in India to or in
any other persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies
incorporated in India ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
The Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies incorporated in India have not received any funds from any
persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Funding Paries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing
or otherwise, that the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies incorporated in India shall whether,
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of
the Funding Paries ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
3.33 Research and development expenditure
Year ended
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Amount charged to statement of profit and loss
1,658
1,651
1,658
1,651
3.34 Commitments and contingent liabilities
As at
31. March 2025
31. March 2024
Capital commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account
and not provided for (net of advances)
Contingent liabilities
Others
Notes
The Indian Parliament has approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 which would impact the contributions by
the Group towards Provident Fund and Gratuity. The effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet
to be notified and the final rules are yet to be notified. The Group will carry out an evaluation of the impact and

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
record the same in the financial statements in the period in which the Code becomes effective and the related
rules are notified.
The Group is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business,
the outcome of which is inherently uncerain. Some of these maters include speculative and frivolous claims
for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. The Group records a liability when IT is both probable
that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to
determine both probability and the estimated amount. The Group reviews these provisions at least quarerly and
adjusts these provisions accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, setlements, rulings, advice of legal
counsel, and updated information. The Group believes that the amount or estimable range of reasonably possible
loss, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its business, consolidated
financial position, results of the Group, or cash flows with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other
contingencies as at 31 March 2025.
A wholly owned subsidiary ( WOS ) of the Company, having a VSAT License, had received a demand from
Deparment of Telecommunications (DoT) in February 2015 for FY 2011-12 and FY 2013-14 for an amount of ₹133
crores, including penalty, interest and interest on penalty. In July 2021, the WOS has received a revised demand
for an amount of ₹346 crores after updating interest up to July 2021. Demand is primarily due to DoT including IT
Services revenues and related exchange gains in Adjusted Gross Revenue (AGR). In March 2022, the WOS received
a favourable judgement from TDSAT seting aside the demand raised by DoT. In August 2023, DoT has filed an
appeal against the order passed by TDSAT in the Hon ble Supreme Cour. Appeal, including condonation of delay
in filing the appeal, is yet to be admited by Hon ble Supreme Cour. Subsequent to this appeal, the WOS has
obtained a legal opinion and is of the view that IT should be able to defend its position in the above mater.
3.35 Additional information under general instructions for the preparation of consolidated financial statements of
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2025
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
Parent
HCL Technologies
India
NA
37.36
26,028
69.88
12,157
93.57
(102)
69.73
12,055
Subsidiaries
Indian
HCL Comnet Systems &
India
100%
0.02
0.05
-
0.05
HCL Software Products
India
100%
0.33
0.75
-
0.76
HCL Training & Staffing
Services Private Limited
India
100%
0.04
0.01
-
0.02
C3i Suppor Services
India
100%
0.12
0.06
-
0.06
Sankalp Semiconductor
India
100%
0.30
0.06
-
0.06
Quest Informatics
India
100%
0.07
0.01
-
0.01
Foreign
Bermuda
100%
0.01
0.06
-
0.06
HCL Technologies
(Shanghai) Limited
China
100%
0.19
0.10
-
0.10
HCL Singapore Pte.
Singapore
100%
0.79
0.25
-
0.25

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2025
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL Great Britain
UK
100%
0.01
0.03
-
0.03
HCL Australia Services
Pty. Limited
Australia
100%
1.57
1,094
0.71
-
0.72
HCL (New Zealand)
New Zealand
100%
0.24
0.02
-
0.02
HCL Hong Kong SAR
Hong Kong
100%
0.03
0.06
-
0.06
Japan
100%
0.61
0.31
-
0.31
USA
100%
10.15
7,071
6.51
1,133
-
6.55
1,133
HCL Technologies
Austria GmbH
Austria
100%
0.01
0.04
-
0.05
Poland
100%
0.17
0.29
-
0.30
UK
100%
3.05
2,125
0.76
-
0.77
HCL Insurance BPO
UK
100%
0.18
0.20
-
0.20
UK
100%
(0.01)
(6)
0.09
-
0.09
Canada
100%
0.97
0.88
-
0.89
HCL Technologies
Solutions GmbH
Switzerland
100%
0.39
0.02
-
0.02
UK
100%
-
(1)
-
(0.01)
(1)
HCL Technologies
Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia
100%
0.12
0.10
-
0.10
HCL Axon Solutions
(Shanghai) Co. Limited
China
100%
0.57
0.26
-
0.26
HCL Technologies
(Proprietary) Ltd
South Africa
48.16%
0.67
0.23
-
0.23
Argentina
100.00%
0.07
0.12
-
0.12
HCL Technologies
Mexico S.De.R.L.De.C.V
Mexico
100%
0.31
0.59
-
0.60
HCL Technologies
Romania s.r.l.
Romania
100%
0.06
0.16
-
0.16
HCL Technologies
Starschema Kft.
Hungary
100%
0.36
0.17
-
0.17
HCL Latin America
Holding LLC
USA
100%
0.06
0.01
-
0.01
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia
da Informacao LTDA
Brazil
100%
0.36
0.18
-
0.18
HCL Technologies
Denmark Aps
Denmark
100%
0.63
0.31
-
0.31
HCL Technologies
Norway AS
Norway
100%
0.42
0.16
-
0.16
PT. HCL Technologies
Indonesia Limited
Indonesia
100%
0.05
0.03
-
0.02

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2025
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL Technologies
Philippines Inc.
Philippines
100%
0.27
0.92
(1)
0.27
HCL Technologies
South Africa
(Proprietary) Limited
South Africa
36.40%
0.01
-
HCL Arabia LLC
Saudi Arabia
100%
0.37
0.09
2.75
(3)
0.08
HCL Technologies
France SAS
France
100%
0.49
0.35
-
0.36
Filial Espanola De HCL
Technologies S.L
Spain
100%
0.17
0.10
-
0.10
Anzospan Investments
Pty Limited
South Africa
70%
(0.05)
(36)
-
HCL Investments (UK)
UK
100%
0.18
4.76
-
4.79
HCL America Solutions
USA
100%
0.14
0.44
-
0.45
HCL Technologies Chile
Spa
Chile
100%
0.08
-
(1)
-
(0.01)
(1)
HCL Technologies UK
UK
100%
5.62
3,914
1.01
-
1.02
Netherlands
100%
0.53
0.46
-
0.46
HCL (Ireland)
Information Systems
Ireland
100%
0.28
0.54
-
0.54
HCL Technologies
Germany Gmbh
Germany
100%
1.42
1.31
-
1.31
HCL Technologies
Belgium BV
Belgium
100%
0.41
0.24
-
0.24
HCL Technologies
Sweden AB
Sweden
100%
1.91
1,330
1.08
-
1.09
HCL Technologies
Finland Oy
Finland
100%
0.34
0.23
-
0.23
HCL Technologies Italy
S.P.A
Italy
100%
0.15
0.20
-
0.20
HCL Technologies
Columbia S.A.S
Columbia
100%
0.07
0.06
-
0.06
HCL Technologies
Middle East FZ-LLC
UAE
100%
0.12
0.13
-
0.13
HCL Istanbul Bilisim
Teknolojileri Limited
Sirketi
Turkey
100%
0.04
0.02
-
0.02
HCL Technologies
Greece Single Member
P.C
Greece
100%
0.01
-
0.01
Venezuela
100%
-
HCL Technologies
(Beijing) Co., Ltd
China
100%
0.02
-
0.02

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2025
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL Technologies
Luxembourg S.a r.l
Luxembourg
100%
-
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Egypt Limited
Egypt
100%
0.07
0.03
-
0.03
HCL Technologies
Estonia OÜ
Estonia
100%
0.05
0.03
-
0.03
HCL Technologies
(Thailand) Ltd.
Thailand
100%
0.06
0.04
-
0.05
HCL Technologies
Czech Republic s.r.o.
Czech
Republic
100%
0.02
0.25
-
0.25
HCL Muscat
Technology LLC
Oman
100%
0.02
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Lithuania UAB
Lithuania
100%
0.02
-
HCL Technologies
(Taiwan) Ltd.
China
100%
0.06
0.04
-
0.04
Geometric Americas,
USA
100%
0.41
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Asia Pacific Pte.
Ltd.
Singapore
100%
0.04
0.03
-
0.03
Geometric Europe
GmbH
Germany
100%
0.18
0.01
-
0.01
China
100%
0.01
-
Butler America
Aerospace LLC
USA
100%
1.01
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Lending Solutions,
USA
100%
0.08
(0.01)
(2)
-
(0.01)
(2)
HCL Technologies
Corporate Services
UK
100%
15.27
10,638
(0.01)
(2)
-
(0.01)
(2)
C3i Europe Eood
Bulgaria
100%
0.05
0.13
-
0.13
C3i Japan GK
Japan
100%
-
0.01
-
0.01
C3i Services &
Technologies (Dalian)
China
100%
0.07
0.01
-
0.01
(and including its
USA
100%
5.01
3,491
3.60
-
3.62
HCL Vietnam Company
Vietnam
100%
0.01
-
HCL Guatemala,
Sociedad Anonima
Guatemala
100%
0.14
0.15
-
0.16
Sankalp Semiconductor
Canada
100%
0.01
-
H. C L Technologies
Lanka (Private) Limited
Sri Lanka
100%
0.20
0.76
0.92
(1)
0.76

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2025
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL TECHNOLOGIES
TRINIDAD AND
TOBAGO LIMITED
Trinidad and
Tobago
100%
0.02
-
HCL Technologies
Azerbaijan Limited
Azerbaijan
100%
-
HCL Technologies
Bulgaria EOOD
Bulgaria
100%
(0.02)
(12)
0.07
-
0.07
HCL Technologies
Vietnam Company
Vietnam
100%
0.04
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Angola (SU), LDA
Angola
100%
0.10
0.14
-
0.14
HCL Technologies
S.A.C.
Peru
100%
0.03
0.01
-
HCL Technologies
Costa Rica Sociedad
De Responsabilidad
Limitada
Costa Rica
100%
0.01
0.02
-
0.02
HCL Technologies gbs
GmbH
Germany
51%
0.06
0.11
1.84
(2)
0.10
HCL Technologies
Slovakia s. r. o.
Slovakia
100%
-
(3)
0.01
-
HCL Technologies
Bahrain W.L.L
Bahrain
100%
-
HCL Technologies
Morocco Limited
Morocco
100%
0.02
0.01
-
0.01
USA
100%
0.01
-
HCL Technologies
Swizterland AG
(Formerly Confinale
AG )
Switzerland
100%
0.68
(0.09)
(16)
-
(0.09)
(16)
Confinale
(Deutschland) GmbH
Germany
100%
0.02
-
UK
100%
-
ASAP Holding GmbH
Germany
100%
2.69
1,878
0.09
-
0.09
ASAP Engineering
GmbH
Germany
100%
0.02
(0.03)
(5)
-
(0.03)
(5)
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Gaimersheim
Germany
100%
0.19
(0.17)
(30)
-
(0.17)
(30)
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Russelsheim
Germany
100%
0.01
(0.02)
(3)
-
(0.02)
(3)
ASAP Electronics
GmbH
Germany
100%
0.15
0.01
-
0.01
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Weyhausen
Germany
100%
-
(3)
(0.03)
(6)
-
(0.03)
(6)
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Friedrichshafen
Germany
100%
-
(2)
(0.04)
(7)
-
(0.04)
(7)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2025
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
ASAP Quality
Consulting GmbH
Germany
100%
0.01
-
FIDUS Personal GmbH
Germany
100%
-
Sigl Bordnetz Design
GmbH
Germany
-
(0.01)
(1)
-
(0.01)
(1)
Dicturus
Grundstücksver
waltungsgesellschaft
GmbH & Co. Vermie
Germany
94%
0.03
-
HCL Technologies
Holding UK Limited
UK
100%
-
HCL Technologies Sdn
Bhd
Brunei
100%
-
Zeenea SAS
France
100%
0.28
-
Zeenea Benelux
Belgium
100%
-
HCLTech Public Sector
Solutions Inc.
USA
100%
-
Total
100.00
69,673
100.00
17,396
100.00
(109)
100.00
17,287
Non controlling interest
(18)
(9)
(1)
(10)
Consolidation adjustments
-
Consolidated Net assets/Profit after tax
69,655
17,390
18,094
Note: Dividend received from subsidiaries has been excluded from profits.
3.35 Additional information under general instructions for the preparation of consolidated financial statements of
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
Parent
HCL Technologies
India
NA
44.37
30,294
74.00
11,582
99.07
74.69
12,021
Subsidiaries
Indian
HCL Comnet Systems &
India
100%
0.01
(0.05)
(7)
-
(0.04)
(7)
Statestreet HCL
Services (India) Private
Limited *
India
100%
0.29
1.45
-
1.41
HCL Software Products
India
100%
0.30
0.73
-
0.71
HCL Training & Staffing
Services Private Limited
India
100%
0.04
(0.01)
(2)
-
(0.01)
(2)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
C3i Suppor Services
India
100%
0.10
0.07
-
0.07
Sankalp Semiconductor
India
100%
0.25
0.11
-
0.11
Sankguj Semiconductor
India
100%
-
Quest Informatics
India
100%
0.07
0.03
-
0.02
HCL Technologies Jigani
India
100%
-
Foreign
Bermuda
100%
0.03
(0.23)
(36)
-
(0.22)
(36)
HCL Technologies
(Shanghai) Limited
China
100%
0.37
0.16
-
0.16
HCL Singapore Pte.
Singapore
100%
0.72
0.63
-
0.61
HCL Great Britain
UK
100%
-
HCL Australia Services
Pty. Limited
Australia
100%
0.33
0.55
-
0.54
HCL (New Zealand)
New Zealand
100%
0.18
-
HCL Hong Kong SAR
Hong Kong
100%
0.04
0.09
-
0.09
Japan
100%
0.45
0.30
-
0.29
USA
100%
9.88
6,745
7.24
1,134
-
7.05
1,134
HCL Technologies
Austria GmbH
Austria
100%
(0.02)
(11)
0.02
-
0.02
Poland
100%
0.18
0.33
-
0.32
UK
100%
0.02
0.14
-
0.14
HCL Insurance BPO
UK
100%
0.12
0.21
-
0.21
UK
100%
(0.05)
(37)
0.03
-
0.03
Canada
100%
0.62
0.98
-
0.95
HCL Technologies
Solutions GmbH
Switzerland
100%
0.46
0.02
-
0.02
UK
100%
0.02
0.10
-
0.10
HCL Technologies
Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia
100%
0.10
0.12
-
0.11
Axon Solutions
(Shanghai) Co. Limited
China
100%
0.99
0.31
-
0.30
HCL Technologies
(Proprietary) Ltd
South Africa
48.16%
0.58
0.35
-
0.34
Argentina
100%
0.02
-
0.02

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL Technologies
Mexico S. de R.L.
Mexico
100%
0.36
-
0.35
HCL Technologies
Romania s.r.l.
Romania
100%
0.10
0.25
-
0.24
HCL Technologies
Starschema Kft.
(Formerly HCL Hungary
Kft )
Hungary
100%
0.40
(0.08)
(13)
-
(0.08)
(13)
HCL Latin America
Holding LLC
USA
100%
0.09
0.01
-
0.01
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia
da Informacao LTDA
(Formerly HCL (Brazil)
Technologia da
informacao EIRELI )
Brazil
100%
0.42
0.14
-
0.14
HCL Technologies
Denmark Aps
Denmark
100%
0.49
0.27
-
0.26
HCL Technologies
Norway AS
Norway
100%
0.30
0.24
-
0.23
PT. HCL Technologies
Indonesia Limited
Indonesia
100%
0.06
0.02
-
0.02
HCL Technologies
Philippines Inc.
Philippines
100%
0.18
0.23
0.95
0.25
HCL Technologies South
Africa (Proprietary)
South Africa
36.40%
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Arabia LLC
Saudi Arabia
100%
0.29
0.14
-
0.14
HCL Technologies
France SAS
France
100%
0.44
0.31
-
0.30
Filial Espanola De HCL
Technologies S.L
Spain
100%
0.16
0.11
-
0.11
Anzospan Investments
Pty Limited
South Africa
70%
(0.05)
(34)
0.14
-
0.14
HCL Investments (UK)
UK
100%
1.77
1,206
1.03
-
1.00
HCL America Solutions
USA
100%
(0.01)
(7)
0.56
-
0.54
HCL Technologies Chile
Spa
Chile
100%
0.09
0.07
-
0.07
HCL Technologies UK
UK
100%
4.33
2,957
0.51
-
0.50
Statestreet HCL Holding
UK Limited *
UK
100%
-
(0.44)
(69)
-
(0.43)
(69)
Statestreet HCL
Services (Philippines)
Inc. *
Philippines
100%
0.04
0.02
-
0.02
Netherlands
100%
0.42
0.40
-
0.39

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL (Ireland)
Information Systems
Ireland
100%
0.32
0.57
-
0.55
HCL Technologies
Germany Gmbh
Germany
100%
1.01
1.05
(0.19)
(1)
1.02
HCL Technologies
Belgium BV (Formerly
HCL Technologies
Belgium BVBA )
Belgium
100%
0.38
0.12
-
0.11
HCL Technologies
Sweden AB
Sweden
100%
2.00
1,363
1.36
-
1.32
HCL Technologies
Finland Oy
Finland
100%
0.26
0.31
-
0.30
HCL Technologies Italy
S.P.A
Italy
100%
0.02
0.23
-
0.23
HCL Technologies
Columbia S.A.S
Columbia
100%
0.05
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Middle East FZ-LLC
UAE
100%
0.10
0.09
-
0.08
HCL Istanbul Bilisim
Teknolojileri Limited
Sirketi
Turkey
100%
0.06
0.05
-
0.05
HCL Technologies
Greece Single Member
P.C
Greece
100%
0.01
-
0.01
Venezuela
100%
-
HCL Technologies
Beijing Co., Ltd
China
100%
0.03
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Luxembourg S.a r.l
Luxembourg
100%
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies Egypt
Egypt
100%
0.03
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Estonia OÜ
Estonia
100%
0.05
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
(Thailand) Ltd.
Thailand
100%
0.07
0.04
-
0.04
HCL Technologies
Czech Republic s.r.o.
Czech
Republic
100%
0.06
0.21
-
0.21
HCL Muscat
Technologies L.L.C.
Oman
100%
0.02
0.03
-
0.03
HCL Technologies
Lithuania UAB
Lithuania
100%
0.06
0.02
-
0.02
HCL Technologies
(Taiwan) Ltd.
China
100%
0.07
0.04
-
0.04
Geometric Americas,
USA
100%
0.43
0.09
-
0.09
HCL Asia Pacific Pte.
Ltd.
Singapore
100%
0.06
0.01
-
0.01

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
Geometric Europe
GmbH
Germany
100%
0.15
0.01
-
0.01
China
100%
0.01
-
Butler America
Aerospace LLC
USA
100%
1.04
0.13
-
0.12
HCL Lending Solutions,
LLC (Formerly Urban
Fulfillment Services
LLC )
USA
100%
0.07
(0.17)
(27)
-
(0.17)
(27)
Datawave (An HCL
Technologies Company)
Scotland
100%
0.04
-
HCL Technologies
Corporate Services
UK
100%
13.05
8,913
0.01
-
0.01
C3i Europe Eood
Bulgaria
100%
0.11
0.12
-
0.12
C3i Japan GK
Japan
100%
0.01
(0.04)
(6)
-
(0.04)
(6)
C3i Services
&Technologies (Dalian)
China
100%
0.06
0.02
-
0.02
(and including its
USA
100%
4.26
2,908
2.67
-
2.59
HCL Technologies
Vietnam Company
Vietnam
100%
0.02
-
0.01
HCL Guatemala,
Sociedad Anonima
Guatemala
100%
0.07
0.26
-
0.25
Sankalp Semiconductor
Canada
100%
0.01
-
0.01
Sankalp Semiconductor
GmbH.
Germany
100%
-
Sankalp Semiconductor
SDN.BHD.
Malaysia
100%
-
HCL Technologies Lanka
(Private) Limited
Sri Lanka
100%
0.14
1.06
0.17
1.04
HCL TECHNOLOGIES
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
Trinidad and
Tobago
100%
0.01
-
HCL Technologies
Azerbaijan Limited
Azerbaijan
100%
-
HCL Technologies
Bulgaria EOOD
Bulgaria
100%
(0.01)
(9)
0.08
-
0.07
HCL Vietnam Company
Limited (Formerly known
as HCL Technologies
(Vietnam) Company
Limited)
Vietnam
100%
0.02
(0.29)
(46)
-
(0.29)
(46)

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
HCL Technologies
Angola (SU), LDA
Angola
100%
0.07
(0.01)
(1)
-
(0.01)
(1)
Peru
100%
0.01
-
0.01
(Formely DWS Limited )
Australia
100%
0.71
(0.27)
(43)
-
(0.27)
(43)
Wallis Nominees
(Computing) Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
(0.02)
(14)
0.01
-
0.01
Australia
100%
0.06
(0.39)
(61)
-
(0.38)
(61)
Australia
100%
0.65
0.28
-
0.27
Australia
100%
-
(0.11)
(17)
-
(0.11)
(17)
Phoenix IT & T
Consulting Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
-
DWS Product Solutions
Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
-
Graeme V Jones &
Associates Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
-
SDM Sales Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
-
Strategic Data
Management Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
-
New Zealand
100%
-
(0.01)
(2)
-
(0.01)
(2)
HCL Technologies
Costa Rica Sociedad
De Responsabilidad
Limitada
Costa Rica
100%
0.02
0.01
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
gbs GmbH (Formerly
gbs-Gesellschaft für
Banksysteme GmbH )
Germany
51%
0.04
0.05
-
0.05
HCL Technologies
Slovakia s. r. o.
Slovakia
100%
-
(2)
-
0.01
HCL Technologies
Bahrain W.L.L
Bahrain
100%
-
HCL Technologies
Morocco Limited
Morocco
100%
0.02
-
USA
100%
0.10
0.01
-
0.01
Brilliant Data LLC
USA
100%
-
0.01
-
0.01
Confinale AG
Switzerland
100%
0.65
(0.14)
(22)
-
(0.14)
(22)
Confinale (Deutschland)
GmbH
Germany
100%
0.02
0.03
-
0.03
UK
100%
0.01
0.02
-
0.02
ASAP Holding GmbH
Germany
100%
2.83
1,924
0.37
-
0.36
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Weissach
Germany
100%
0.02
0.01
-
0.01
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Gaimersheim
Germany
100%
0.11
(0.02)
(3)
-
(0.02)
(3)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Name of the Entity
Country of
Percentage
31. March
31. March 2024
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
consolidate Amount
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Russelsheim
Germany
100%
0.02
-
ASAP Electronics GmbH
Germany
100%
0.10
0.01
-
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Weyhausen
Germany
100%
0.02
(0.01)
(1)
-
(0.01)
(1)
ASAP Engineering
GmbH, Friedrichshafen
Germany
100%
0.01
-
(1)
-
(0.01)
(1)
ASAP Quality Consulting
GmbH
Germany
100%
-
FIDUS Personal GmbH
Germany
100%
-
Sigl Bordnetz Design
GmbH
Germany
100%
0.01
-
Dicturus
Grundstücksver
waltungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Vermie
Germany
94%
0.02
-
HCL Technologies
Holding UK Limited
UK
100%
-
Total
100.00
68,271
100.00
15,651
100.00
16,094
Non controlling interest
(8)
-
(8)
Consolidation adjustments
-
Consolidated Net assets/Profit after tax
68,263
15,702
16,557
Note: Dividend received from subsidiaries has been excluded from profits.
* The Group has equity interest of 49% and 100% dividend rights and control
3.36. Subsequent events
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 22 April 2025 has declared an interim dividend of ₹18 per share.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Charered Accountants
Firm s Registration No : 101248W/W-100022
Rakesh Dewan
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Parner
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer
Director
Membership Number: 092212
DIN - 02346621
and Managing Director
DIN - 00162957
DIN - 09244485
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Gurugram, India
Noida (UP), India
22. April 2025
22. April 2025

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
Statement containing the salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries/ associates companies
[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 in the prescribed Form AOC-I]
(Amount in ₹ Thousand)
S.No
Date of
Financial
Reporing
Currency
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Turnover
Profit/
(Loss)
Provision
Profit/
(Loss) after
Proposed
Dividend
Extent of
HCL Comnet Systems & Services
24-Aug-1999 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
12,800
18,019
293,993
263,174
83,308
-
2,761
-
2,761
-
100%
10-Dec-1997 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
39,361,329
22,885,321
62,252,729
6,079
-
604,683
-
604,683
-
100%
23-Jul-2007 31-Dec-2024
CNY
11.72
179,495
1,427,703
2,334,650
727,452
-
2,268,796
261,268
53,037
208,231
-
100%
01-Jan-2003 31-Mar-2025
SGD
63.71
129,649
5,230,481
10,163,757
4,803,627
-
21,170,309
668,604
236,605
431,999
-
100%
HCL Training & Staffing Services Private
29-Feb-2016 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
17,513
(503,838)
429,392
915,717
11,551
345,140
56,873
12,992
43,881
-
100%
HCL Great Britain Limited (Note 9)
07-Jan-1997 31-Mar-2025
GBP
110.70
-
50,813
127,531
76,718
-
4,428
(41,735)
46,163
-
100%
(Note 8)
21-May-1998 31-Mar-2025
AUD
53.80
4,406,624
6,770,342
19,657,325
8,480,359
-
33,141,694
1,652,905
527,788
1,125,117
-
100%
28-Jan-1998 31-Mar-2025
NZD
48.84
2,267
883,710
2,867,462
1,981,485
-
5,394,641
57,920
26,916
31,004
-
100%
05-Jun-1998 31-Dec-2024
HKD
11.03
2,130
476,089
1,183,301
705,082
-
1,845,231
146,673
23,193
123,480
-
100%
10-Feb-1998 31-Mar-2025
JPY
0.57
170,637
2,207,509
12,288,692
9,910,546
-
16,268,897
814,068
241,499
572,569
-
100%
07-Nov-1988 31-Mar-2025
USD
85.47
598,291
143,333,333
259,145,299
115,213,675
854,701 353,333,333
15,299,145
3,846,154
11,452,991
-
100%
HCL Technologies Austria GmbH
01-Mar-1997 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
42,136
7,972,985
8,906,749
891,628
-
1,450,192
91,926
18,213
73,713
-
100%
19-Jun-1995 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
1,061
6,652,174
11,368,985
4,715,750
488,652
22,253,366
2,148,211
764,231
1,383,980
-
100%
15-Dec-2016 31-Dec-2024
TWD
2.61
28,724
175,569
652,516
448,223
-
1,009,479
44,761
12,904
31,857
-
100%
HCL Technologies Lithuania UAB
26-Aug-2016 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
32,112
451,197
613,361
130,052
-
632,827
31,141
4,707
26,434
-
100%
31-May-2007 31-Dec-2024
PLN
20.89
289,270
3,301,605
5,718,819
2,127,944
-
7,255,857
607,501
144,064
463,437
-
100%
11-Sep-2008 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
19,764,394
40,680,706
80,932,494
20,487,394
-
229,014
19,190,274
16,694
19,173,580
-
100%
01-Sep-2008 31-Mar-2025
GBP
110.70
897,809
369,087
1,651,592
384,696
-
2,224,043
336,872
84,356
252,516
-
100%
15-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
GBP
107.49
72,880
20,192,841
20,574,331
308,610
-
19,012,792
(645)
19,013,437
-
100%
15-Dec-2008 31-Mar-2025
CAD
59.67
12,351
10,362,587
20,378,458
10,003,520
-
31,194,563
2,365,081
618,552
1,746,529
-
100%
HCL Technologies Solution GmbH
15-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
CHF
94.75
11,370
681,154
3,451,445
2,758,921
-
8,060,714
87,306
18,362
68,944
-
100%
Axon Solutions Limited (Note 9)
15-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
GBP
107.49
-
791,465
793,615
2,150
-
- 19,064,065
(2,795) 19,066,860
-
100%
15-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
MYR
19.15
1,303,945
1,469,881
3,354,875
581,049
-
3,231,396
252,123
60,573
191,550
-
100%
HCL Axon Solutions (Shanghai) Co.
15-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
CNY
11.72
24,250
3,179,627
5,322,355
2,118,478
-
5,807,929
609,275
128,113
481,162
-
100%
HCL Technologies (Proprietary) Ltd
(Note 10)
15-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
ZAR
4.55
395,459
2,909,447
6,562,331
3,257,425
-
9,390,258
769,016
206,302
562,714
-
48%
27-Jul-2009 31-Dec-2024
ARS
0.08
95,435
756,787
660,986
-
654,862
385,739
41,913
343,826
-
100%
HCL Technologies Mexico
S.De.R.L.De.C.V
25-Jun-2009 31-Dec-2024
MXN
4.13
1,178,023
2,225,118
8,143,502
4,740,361
-
14,464,545
1,439,398
519,482
919,916
-
100%
28-May-2009 31-Dec-2024
RON
17.94
6,337
1,077,790
2,383,952
1,299,825
-
4,258,064
590,006
76,457
513,549
-
100%

Statement under Section 129
(Amount in ₹ Thousand)
S.No
Date of
Financial
Reporing
Currency
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Turnover
Profit/
(Loss)
Provision
Profit/
(Loss) after
Proposed
Dividend
Extent of
12-May-2009 31-Dec-2024
HUF
0.22
237,146
2,112,388
3,646,435
1,296,901
-
2,139,267
131,639
5,296
126,343
-
100%
HCL Latin America Holding LLC
30-Mar-2009 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
3,817,987
(827,104)
3,294,123
303,240
-
353,666
6,592
14,982
(8,390)
-
100%
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia da Informacao
LTDA
30-Dec-2008 31-Dec-2024
BRL
13.86
1,143,674
514,902
7,815,424
6,156,848
-
7,312,980
432,790
225,650
207,140
-
100%
HCL Technologies Denmark Aps
23-Jun-2010 31-Dec-2024
DKK
11.96
39,086
2,736,775
6,221,342
3,445,481
-
11,563,872
635,593
150,334
485,259
-
100%
HCL Technologies Norway AS
09-Jun-2010 31-Dec-2024
NOK
7.57
22,645
3,074,741
4,754,932
1,657,546
-
4,638,711
563,098
128,900
434,198
-
100%
13-Aug-2010 31-Mar-2025
IDR
0.01
46,822
293,176
663,029
323,031
-
608,240
55,253
16,125
39,128
-
100%
24-Nov-2010 31-Mar-2025
PHP
1.49
404,647
2,398,307
4,701,024
1,898,070
-
8,199,987
674,463
149,493
524,970
-
100%
HCL Technologies South Africa
(Proprietary) Limited (Note 10)
20-Jul-2010 31-Dec-2024
ZAR
4.55
1,210,126
26,251
1,268,602
32,225
-
83,556
8,326
1,980
6,346
-
36%
HCL Arabia LLC
07-May-2011 31-Dec-2024
SAR
22.79
139,046
545,328
4,370,799
3,686,425
-
3,925,040
202,422
40,850
161,572
-
100%
HCL Technologies France SAS
07-Mar-2011 31-Mar-2025
EUR
92.09
231,689
3,375,906
12,616,928
9,009,333
-
18,895,282
847,793
231,436
616,357
-
100%
Filial Espanola De HCL Technologies S.L
12-Jan-2011 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
26,760
712,980
4,048,186
3,308,446
-
5,305,645
252,527
88,844
163,683
-
100%
Anzospan Investments Pty Limited
(Note 10)
15-Mar-2011 31-Dec-2024
ZAR
4.55
279,276
978,067
1,421,569
164,226
-
(13,631)
-
(13,631)
-
70%
09-Nov-2011 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
913,146
350,327
1,308,762
45,289
-
54,707
19,520,055
1,810,625
17,709,430
-
100%
26-Jun-2012 31-Mar-2025
USD
85.47
2,911,881
7,214,274
4,301,538
-
25,994,530
1,097,009
271,538
825,471
-
100%
HCL Technologies Chile Spa
10-Jun-2013 31-Dec-2024
CLP
0.09
51,730
493,295
1,082,315
537,290
-
827,676
72,256
12,919
59,337
-
100%
20-Aug-2013 31-Mar-2025
GBP
110.70 23,833,678
23,339,939
77,410,634
30,237,017
-
89,560,505
4,883,373
1,210,326
3,673,047
-
100%
19-Sep-2013 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
8,920
1,964,755
8,146,144
6,172,469
-
16,725,683
711,055
200,977
510,078
-
100%
HCL (Ireland) Information Systems
29-Oct-2013 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
8,920
1,197,695
4,738,152
3,531,537
-
8,490,817
746,697
102,224
644,473
-
100%
HCL Technologies Germany GmbH
21-Nov-2013 31-Mar-2025
EUR
92.09
11,575
6,061,492
29,317,445
23,244,378
-
53,936,229
3,056,631
892,180
2,164,451
-
100%
HCL Technologies Belgium BV
25-Nov-2013 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
327,203
1,197,913
6,508,078
4,982,962
-
9,744,137
391,603
44,432
347,171
-
100%
HCL Technologies Sweden AB
18-Dec-2013 31-Mar-2025
SEK
8.50
11,728
4,499,026
19,466,653
14,955,899
-
47,146,927
2,179,631
463,435
1,716,196
-
100%
HCL Technologies Finland Oy
14-Jan-2014 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
8,920
1,654,402
6,284,317
4,620,995
-
7,691,353
393,832
61,102
332,730
-
100%
HCL Technologies Italy S.P.A
29-Jul-2014 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
253,329
1,623,036
9,673,460
7,797,095
-
8,855,167
424,602
135,695
288,907
-
100%
HCL Technologies Columbia S.A.S
06-Aug-2014 31-Dec-2024
COP
0.02
91,197
24,073
745,188
629,918
-
526,422
24,718
(545)
25,263
-
100%
HCL Technologies Middle East FZ-LLC
19-Aug-2014 31-Mar-2025
AED
23.27
84,934
610,974
1,755,479
1,059,571
-
3,046,351
238,159
12,502
225,657
-
100%
HCL Istanbul Bilisim Teknolojileri
Limited Sirketi
30-Sep-2014 31-Dec-2024
TRY
2.42
2,789
126,009
510,221
381,423
-
515,594
18,915
18,392
-
100%
HCL Technologies Greece Single
Member P.C
30-Sep-2014 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
39,337
45,314
261,179
176,528
-
216,133
17,572
6,422
11,150
-
100%
20-Nov-2014 31-Mar-2025
VES
1.24
(360)
5,495
5,810
-
25,880
(442)
(15)
(427)
-
100%
HCL Technologies Beijing Co. Ltd
06-Feb-2015 31-Dec-2024
CNY
11.72
74,075
292,274
461,836
95,487
-
633,653
54,593
8,693
45,900
-
100%
HCL Technologies Luxembourg S.a r.l
12-Feb-2015 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
4,460
66,276
180,007
109,271
-
210,156
10,436
1,962
8,474
-
100%

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
(Amount in ₹ Thousand)
S.No
Date of
Financial
Reporing
Currency
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Turnover
Profit/
(Loss)
Provision
Profit/
(Loss) after
Proposed
Dividend
Extent of
22-Mar-2015 31-Dec-2024
EGP
1.68
7,842
38,740
472,745
426,163
-
412,909
27,150
5,420
21,730
-
100%
HCL Technologies Estonia OÜ
08-Jun-2015 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
403,982
59,029
532,648
69,637
-
896,501
47,307
-
47,307
-
100%
10-Jun-2015 31-Dec-2024
THB
2.49
48,950
299,419
843,380
495,011
-
1,307,699
96,162
35,535
60,627
-
100%
28-Aug-2015 31-Dec-2024
CZK
3.55
64,689
1,726,235
3,542,525
1,751,601
-
7,331,423
540,032
129,318
410,714
-
100%
HCL Muscat Technologies L.L.C.
17-Dec-2015 31-Dec-2024
OMR
222.37
38,626
69,990
213,030
104,414
-
101,563
5,241
1,280
3,961
-
100%
Geometric Europe GmbH
01-Apr-2016 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
1,253,267
(745,736)
567,586
60,055
-
185,586
17,706
17,283
-
100%
HCL Asia Pacific Pte Ltd.
01-Apr-2016 31-Dec-2024
SGD
62.90
6,290
384,763
741,794
350,741
-
891,027
62,306
12,657
49,649
-
100%
01-Apr-2016 31-Dec-2024
CNY
11.72
38,451
11,959
50,410
-
(139)
-
(139)
-
100%
01-Apr-2016 31-Mar-2025
USD
85.47
1,031,006
579,798
2,461,986
851,182
-
2,125,041
190,846
63,880
126,966
-
100%
Butler America Aerospace LLC
03-Jan-2017 31-Mar-2025
USD
85.47
-
1,807,541
2,076,787
269,246
-
4,366,754
310,745
82,871
227,874
-
100%
HCL Lending Solutions, LLC
23-Aug-2017 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
-
341,733
754,425
412,692
-
871,719
(154,640)
-
(154,640)
-
100%
HCL Technologies Corporate Services
Limited (Note 9)
05-Mar-2018 31-Mar-2025
USD
85.47
-
2,906
82,482,479
82,479,573
-
8,376
(427)
-
100%
06-Apr-2018 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
15,421
1,135,007
1,213,717
63,289
165,725
478,927
148,072
37,930
110,142
-
100%
C3i Europe Eood
06-Apr-2018 31-Dec-2024
BGN
45.60
6,886
1,582,200
2,062,779
473,693
-
2,766,820
236,869
24,125
212,744
-
100%
C3i Japan GK
06-Apr-2018 31-Dec-2024
JPY
0.55
-
42,864
53,128
10,264
-
100,432
7,905
2,077
5,828
-
100%
C3i Services &Technologies (Dalian)
06-Apr-2018 31-Dec-2024
CNY
11.72
22,974
614,282
698,130
60,874
-
641,505
65,511
11,283
54,228
-
100%
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
18,685,244
25,355,329
6,670,084
-
19,924,751
7,304,824
1,267,283
6,037,541
-
100%
Actian Australia Pty Ltd (Note 9)
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
AUD
53.25
-
546,850
807,423
260,573
-
738,482
26,251
7,875
18,376
-
100%
Actian Europe Limited (Note 9)
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
GBP
107.49
-
926,362
3,800,246
2,873,884
-
5,243,143
74,502
18,515
55,987
-
100%
Actian France SAS
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
3,300
48,249
881,046
829,497
-
498,509
12,717
3,187
9,530
-
100%
Actian Germany GmbH
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
2,230
168,750
719,153
548,173
-
1,889,898
70,878
21,915
48,963
-
100%
Actian International, Inc. (Note 9)
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
-
6,359
-
(1,901)
-
(1,901)
-
100%
17-Jul-2018 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
1,000
11,731
13,687
-
(829)
(835)
-
100%
Versant GmbH
17-Jul-2018 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
16,056
2,627,123
3,402,438
759,259
-
954,094
432,117
139,468
292,649
-
100%
HCL Technologies Vietnam Company
27-Apr-2018 31-Mar-2025
VND
0.00
3,823
38,438
164,743
122,482
-
167,780
16,623
3,894
12,729
-
100%
HCL Guatemala, Sociedad Anonima
22-Feb-2019 31-Dec-2024
GTQ
11.11
234,041
1,540,780
2,791,502
1,016,681
-
4,305,248
395,252
102,798
292,454
-
100%
10-Oct-2019 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
15,178
1,727,216
2,029,168
286,774
266,745
1,475,448
270,046
71,814
198,232
-
100%
10-Oct-2019 31-Mar-2025
CAD
59.67
4,773
76,432
81,503
-
1,134
-
100%
H. C L Technologies Lanka (Private)
29-Nov-2019 31-Mar-2025
LKR
0.29
137,316
2,091,566
2,537,641
308,759
-
2,905,616
1,300,321
-
1,300,321
-
100%
HCL Technologies Bulgaria EOOD
18-Nov-2019 31-Dec-2024
BGN
45.60
21,115
335,101
1,043,019
686,803
-
2,186,869
131,934
13,180
118,754
-
100%
HCL Technologies Trinidad and Tobago
23-May-2019 31-Dec-2024
TTD
12.63
2,911
8,393
161,707
150,403
-
80,171
5,705
1,809
3,896
-
100%

Statement under Section 129
(Amount in ₹ Thousand)
S.No
Date of
Financial
Reporing
Currency
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Turnover
Profit/
(Loss)
Provision
Profit/
(Loss) after
Proposed
Dividend
Extent of
HCL Technologies Azerbaijan Limited
08-Oct-2019 31-Dec-2024
AZN
50.25
3,920
(4,322)
1,357
-
1,508
-
100%
16-Mar-2020 31-Mar-2025
VND
0.00
622,256
(1,286,650)
709,169
1,373,563
-
1,462,632
10,687
-
10,687
-
100%
HCL Technologies Angola (SU) LDA
30-Jun-2020 31-Dec-2024
AOA
0.09
2,084
160,057
737,115
574,974
-
420,827
230,871
74,629
156,242
-
100%
11-Sep-2020 31-Dec-2024
PEN
22.78
26,580
17,453
319,513
275,480
-
348,496
20,551
10,474
10,077
-
100%
HCL Technologies gbs GmbH
05-Jan-2022 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
151,641
180,987
827,960
495,332
-
938,168
206,572
14,476
192,096
-
51%
HCL Technologies Costa Rica Sociedad
De Responsabilidad Limitada
23-Jul-2021 31-Dec-2024
CRC
0.17
109,620
141,316
485,262
234,326
-
739,481
59,569
-
59,569
-
100%
HCL Technologies Bahrain W.L.L
18-Jan-2022 31-Dec-2024
BHD
227.07
18,256
(10,233)
8,657
-
(5,591)
-
(5,591)
-
100%
30-Mar-2022 31-Dec-2024
MAD
8.47
44,789
34,791
370,202
290,622
-
374,388
20,073
-
20,073
-
100%
22-Mar-2022 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
16,056
22,568
111,501
72,877
-
225,142
23,371
4,906
18,465
-
100%
02-Apr-2022 31-Dec-2024
USD
85.61
8,561
36,472
433,201
388,168
-
395,702
19,263
4,623
14,640
-
100%
100. HCL Technologies Switzerland AG
(Formerly Confinale AG )
31-May-2022 31-Dec-2024
CHF
94.75
9,475
875,968
1,429,548
544,105
-
2,480,752
497,232
97,415
399,817
-
100%
Confinale (Deutschland) GmbH
31-May-2022 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
2,230
202,803
230,118
25,085
-
184,017
23,076
7,271
15,805
-
100%
Confinale (UK) Limited (Note 9)
31-May-2022 31-Dec-2024
GBP
107.49
-
66,485
69,339
2,854
-
31,712
9,125
2,493
6,632
-
100%
103. Quest Informatics Private Limited
12-Jul-2022 31-Mar-2025
INR
1.00
1,764
396,509
437,205
38,932
150,638
217,083
62,884
18,525
44,359
-
100%
104. ASAP Holding GmbH
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
2,673
3,611,448
5,443,285
1,829,164
-
1,566,996
724,525
724,400
-
100%
105. ASAP Engineering GmbH
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
4,638
131,013
489,298
353,647
-
1,232,255
33,906
33,779
-
100%
106. ASAP Engineering GmbH, Gaimersheim
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
2,230
289,007
2,065,771
1,774,534
-
6,979,265
896,555
895,972
-
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH, Russelsheim
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
2,230
76,125
118,187
39,832
-
367,742
(6,035)
(6,188)
-
100%
108. ASAP Electronics GmbH
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
6,690
568,222
4,039,113
3,464,201
-
4,991,460
301,079
300,682
-
100%
109. ASAP Engineering GmbH, Weyhausen
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
8,920
198,970
913,700
705,810
-
2,480,981
(128,225)
1,317
(129,542)
-
100%
ASAP Engineering GmbH,
Friedrichshafen
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
8,920
41,121
172,959
122,918
-
600,280
66,027
(12)
66,039
-
100%
ASAP Quality Consulting GmbH
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
4,460
27,475
35,706
3,771
-
5,994
-
100%
FIDUS Personal GmbH
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
8,920
9,299
-
(67)
-
(67)
-
100%
Dicturus
Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft
mbH & Co. Vermietungs KG
31-Aug-2023 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
-
521,779
-
25,653
(46)
-
94%
11-Feb-2024 31-Dec-2024
GBP
107.49
10,749
36,339,246
36,351,285
1,290
-
(1,182)
(322)
(860)
-
100%
Zeenea SAS
12-Sep-2024 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
296,168
(1,031,696)
705,716
1,441,244
-
309,107
(405,054)
(32,471)
(372,583)
-
100%
Zeenea Benelux
12-Sep-2024 31-Dec-2024
EUR
89.20
-
2,649
7,921
5,272
-
18,197
(3,169)
-
(3,169)
-
100%
Notes

1.
Indian rupee equivalents of the figures given in foreign currencies in the accounts of the subsidiary companies, are based on the exchange rates as mentioned
above for respective subsidiary.

HCLTech Annual Repor 2024-25
2.
HCL Technologies Sdn Bhd and HCLTech Public Sector Solutions Inc. were incorporated on 30-Oct-2024 and
8-Jan-2025 respectively, and are yet to commence the operations.
3.
Following are the entities acquired during the year:
Date of acquisition
Zeenea SAS
12-Sep-2024
Zeenea Benelux
12-Sep-2024
Zeenea Inc
12-Sep-2024
4.
Following are the entities which have been dissolved during the year:
Date of dissolution
Zeenea Inc
25-Nov-2024
Datawave (An HCL Technologies Company) Limited
18-Mar-2025
HCL Technologies Jigani Limited
29-Mar-2025
5.
Sankalp Semiconductor Gmbh. which was under liquidation and no financials were prepared, has been dissolved
during the year on 30-Jan-2025.
6.
Following are the entities which have been merged/amalgamated during the year:
Transferor company
Transferee company
Effective date of merger/
amalgamation
Sigl Bordnetz Design GmbH
ASAP Electronics GmbH
01-Jan-2024
Versant India Private Limited
Sankalp Semiconductor Private
28-Feb-2025
Sankguj Semiconductor Private
7.
Following are the entities which have been divested during the year:
Date of divestment
Statestreet HCL Holding UK Limited
01-Apr-2024
Statestreet HCL Services (Philippines) Inc.
Statestreet HCL Services (India) Private Limited
8.
Following entities are consolidated with HCL Australia Services Pty Limited:
Date of dissolution
DWS (New Zealand) Ltd.
Active and consolidated
with HCL Australia
DWS (NSW) Pty Ltd.
Phoenix IT & T Consulting Pty Ltd.
Projects Assured Pty Ltd.
Symplicit Pty Ltd.
Wallis Nominees (Computing) Pty Ltd.
DWS Product Solutions Pty Ltd.
19-Jul-2024
Strategic Data Management Pty Ltd.
19-Jul-2024
SDM Sales Pty Ltd.
01-Sep-2024
Graeme V Jones & Associates Pty Ltd.
20-Sep-2024

Statement under Section 129
9.
Refer table given below for absolute amount of share capital in the following company:
Share Capital(₹)
Actian Australia Pty Ltd
10.
Entities listed at serial numbers 25, 36, and 40 are under the control of the HCLTech group as per Ind AS 110
Consolidated Financial Statements . Accordingly, these entities are consolidated as subsidiaries with 100%
interest.
11.
On 30 September 2017, the Group has terminated its existing arrangements with DXC. Accordingly, CeleritiFinTech
Limited and Celeritifintech Services Limited has not been consolidated with the Group from that date.
Accordingly, their standalone financial statements are not considered for the purpose of this statement.
For HCL Technologies Limited
Roshni Nadar Malhotra
C. Vijayakumar
Deepak Kapoor
Chairperson
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Director
DIN - 02346621
DIN - 09244485
DIN - 00162957
Place: London (UK)
Place: London (UK)
Place: London (UK)
Shiv Walia
Goutam Rungta
Manish Anand
Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Vice President - Finance
Company Secretary
Place: London (UK)
Place: Noida , UP (INDIA)
Place: London (UK)
Date: 14 July 2025

Copyright 2025 HCL Technologies Limited
Digital | Engineering | Cloud | AI | Software
Digital | Engineering | Cloud | AI | Software
hcltech.com