THE BANK AT A GLANCE
472.27
`
Profit After Tax*
607.13
`
Profit Before Tax
Excluding Treasury*
510.29
`
Consolidated Profit After Tax*
4.32%
Net Interest Margin*
21,182.40
`
Standalone Total Assets
16,103.48
`
Total Deposits
13,417.66
`
Loans and Advances
Capital Adequacy Ratio
16.55%
Annual Report 2024-25 | 05
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
04 | Annual Report 2024-25
*During fiscal 2025; others at March 31, 2025
iMobile transactions
reached new high
iMobile, ICICI Bank s mobile banking app for retail
customers, processed 558 million transactions worth
`11,238 billion in fiscal 2025.
Supporting over one million
women through SHGs
The Bank disbursed loans to 92,595 Self-Help Groups
(SHGs) in fiscal 2025, extending credit to 1,004,669
women, including 333,621 first-time borrowers.
18 million active cards
The Bank had close to 18 million active credit cards in
force as at March 31, 2025.
Healthy CASA growth
Average current account deposits rose by 11.7% while
average savings account deposits grew by 10.2% in fiscal
2025 over fiscal 2024.
SmartLock: Security
enhanced
The Bank launched SmartLock - an industry-first feature
on iMobile that enables customers to instantly lock or
unlock internet banking, mobile banking, UPI, and their
credit and debit cards with just one click.
iCRM: Elevating customer
lifecycle experience
ICICI Bank developed iCRM, a unified platform for
employees, providing real-time 360 view of customer
relationship with the Bank. IT enhances service quality
and ensures faster, personalised engagement across all
touchpoints.
InstaBIZ transactions
up 37%
The
value
InstaBIZ,
the Bank s one-stop app for Business Banking, grew by
37% in fiscal 2025.
Strong Growth in
Business Banking
The Business Banking portfolio - serving businesses
with an annual turnover of up to `7.50 billion - expanded
by 33.7% to `2,633.67 billion at March 31, 2025.
This segment contributed 19.6% to the net advances.
DigiEase for seamless
Business Banking
ICICI Bank has launched DigiEase, a digital onboarding
platform designed to offer Business Banking customers
a seamless and hassle-free experience. The platform
integrates with digital public infrastructure to enable real-
time data retrieval and validation, ensuring accuracy while
significantly reducing the need for manual verification.
Greener operations
certified
At March 31, 2025, a total of 5 million square feet of the
Bank s premises were certified by the Indian Green Building
Council (IGBC), a CII initiative promoting sustainable
development.

06 | Annual Report 2024-25
LOANS & ADVANCES
March
March
March
March
March
9,325.22
10,645.72
11,808.41
16,103.48
14,128.25
1,361.70
5,008.99
2,954.53
1,584.80
5,461.35
3,599.57
1,614.86
6,395.79
3,797.76
TOTAL DEPOSITS
Current Account (` in billion)
Savings Account (` in billion)
Term Deposit (` in billion)
Total (` in billion)
March
March
March
March
March
13,417.66
11,844.06
10,196.38
8,590.20
2.3%
2.8%
3.3%
4.8%
18.8%
18.6%
20.6%
21.5%
19.6%
16.6%
14.5%
53.5%
55.6%
54.2%
52.5%
5.8%
6.3%
6.2%
15.6%
6.7%
7,337.29
5.1%
23.4%
51.3%
7.9%
12.3%
Retail
Business Banking
Domestic Corporate & Others
Overseas
Rural Loans
Total (` in billion)
4,407.72
4,023.00
9,366.19
8,169.53
2,329.57
1,935.72
March
March
March
March
March
NET WORTH
2,007.16
2,383.99
2,920.77
Net Worth (Equity Share Capital, Employees Stock Options/Units
Outstanding, Reserves and Surplus) (` in billion)
15.94%
17.60%
18.35%
18.06%
0.61%
1.06%
19.12%
0.81%
19.16%
0.74%
18.34%
16.33%
16.55%
March
March
March
March
March
CAPITAL ADEQUACY
15.60%
16.80%
17.60%
17.12%
15.94%
Tier I
Tier II
Common Equity Tier 1
Total
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
0.73%
1,475.09
1,705.12

Annual Report 2024-25 | 07
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
279.62
161.93
151.37
233.39
297.06
318.96
424.73
408.88
544.79
472.27
607.13
March
FY2021
March
FY2022
March
FY2023
March
FY2024
March
FY2025
389.89
413.73
474.66
339.20
621.29
311.84
743.06
811.65
241.66
3.69%
3.96%
4.48%
4.53%
4.32%
Gross NPAs (` in billion) (based on customer assets)
FY2021
FY2021
FY2022
FY2022
FY2023
FY2023
FY2024
FY2024
FY2025
FY2025
Standalone Net Profit (` in billion)

Net Interest Income (NII) (` in billion)
Net Interest Margin (NIM)
Profit Before Tax (Excluding Treasury Income) (` in billion)
1.1%
0.8%
0.5%
0.4%
Net NPA Ratio (based on customer assets)
STANDALONE NET PROFIT
GROSS NPAs & NET NPA RATIO
NII & NIM
PROFIT BEFORE TAX
(EXCLUDING TREASURY INCOME)
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
The Bank maintained a
healthy performance marked
by improved profitability,
a resilient balance sheet
and stable capital levels.
IT is a pleasure to address you for the first time as the
Chairman of the Board. ICICI Bank is one of the leading
financial institutions in India and serving as its chairman
is a rewarding experience. I take this opportunity
to acknowledge the invaluable contribution of my
predecessor Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi who served
as Chairman of the Board from 2018 to 2024.
The Indian economy has demonstrated resilience in the
face of global volatility. The effect of policy measures
over several years, sustained investment in infrastructure,
focus on fiscal prudence, timely regulatory initiatives
and strong corporate and bank balance sheets are
important factors that help navigate global economic
uncertainties. Growing capital markets indicate the
continuing investment opportunity provided by India s
entrepreneurs. The recent monetary easing measures,
supported by a benign inflation environment, are aimed
at supporting demand. At the same time, a rapidly shifting
global environment and the possibility of external shocks
require close monitoring.
Fiscal 2025 underscores another year of steady
advancement for ICICI Bank s franchise. The Bank
maintained healthy performance marked by improved
profitability, a resilient balance sheet and stable capital
levels. The risk-calibrated business growth was achieved
through the focus on ecosystems and micromarkets, by
deepening market coverage while ensuring discipline
in credit and profitability across business segments.
Our risk management frameworks and approach of
onboarding quality counterparties are oriented towards
building a sustainable growth model with focus on
Return of Capital . As we strive for sustainable progress,
a constant emphasis is also maintained on having
a stable, granular and low-cost funding profile. The Bank
is positive about the Indian economy s long-term potential
and aims to harness emerging trends and opportunities
while leveraging its strengths to grow its share of the
market opportunity.
Dear shareholders,
08 | Annual Report 2024-25

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
The Board is dedicated to maintain excellence in
corporate governance, anchored by an effective
compliance and risk management culture, to always
foster trust and confidence in the Bank. The Board
composition features distinguished professionals with
diverse expertise and experience across domains,
enabling the Board to effectively respond to evolving
operating environment. The Board continuously
endeavours to strengthen its frameworks, policies and
processes, contributing to effective oversight through
various Committees. The Board prioritises integrity,
fairness and transparency in all its engagement with
stakeholders. The Board and management team
acknowledge the enormous trust placed in us to
act responsibly.
The Indian economy outlook has excellent long-term
potential driven by its macroeconomic fundamentals,
demographic profile, increasing spread of financial
services and growing digital penetration providing
a strong foundation for future growth. India s well
established regulatory frameworks coupled with
ongoing structural reforms continue to support long-term
economic stability. The Bank seeks to pursue
opportunities by serving customers holistically and
seamlessly within the framework of its values. The
Bank s long-standing presence, widespread network and
brand support the execution of its strategy. 2025 marks
70 years of the foundation of ICICI, and through this
journey, the institution has demonstrated time and
again its ability to adapt and serve emerging needs and
opportunities in the country. We look forward to continuing
this journey and driving sustainable value creation for all
our stakeholders.
With best wishes,
Pradeep Kumar Sinha
Chairman
A 360 customer-centric mindset coupled with
adherence to our values, defines our dealings with
customers as we serve the customer holistically. Fair to
Customer, Fair to Bank seeks to strengthen our long-
term relationship with customers, while One Bank, One
Team focusses on structurally aligning teams to enhance
Customer-360 propositions. Leveraging data analytics,
digital public infrastructure and digital capabilities
continues to enhance our delivery systems and simplify
processes to drive a seamless customer experience. The
Bank is making significant investments in computing
infrastructure and cyber security capabilities, with a
steadfast focus on maintaining operational resilience
and integrity.
Embedding responsibility and sustainability in all aspects
of business and operations have been yielding positive
results for the Bank. The Bank continued to make
progress on environmental, social and governance (ESG)
factors in fiscal 2025, with expansion and deepening
of sustainability goals and actions. The Bank has set
a target of carbon neutrality in Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions across our operations by fiscal 2032. Building
competencies to understand risks emerging from
climate change and supporting the opportunities in
sustainability journeys of our borrowers is an ongoing
area of focus. We continue to work on measuring and
managing the impact of the Bank s business and
operations on the environment and society.
The Bank has had a long tradition of philanthropic
initiatives. The Bank s initiatives are undertaken within
the framework of the statutory provisions on corporate
social responsibility. The Board, the Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee and the management exercise
oversight over the corporate social responsibility projects,
which are undertaken primarily through ICICI Foundation
for Inclusive Growth. A milestone was achieved with the
laying of the foundation stone for setting up a cancer
care facility at Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.
This is part of the commitment of `18.00 billion to set
up three greenfield facilities for cancer care under CSR.
The thematic focus areas for CSR are healthcare,
environment and ecology, livelihoods and community
development. With sizeable annual spends, close
attention is paid to the choice of projects and
partners, project execution and assessment of impact.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 09
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

10 | Annual Report 2024-25
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD MEMBERS
Pradeep Kumar Sinha
Non-Executive (part-time)
Chairman
S. Madhavan
Independent Director
Neelam Dhawan
Independent Director
Radhakrishnan Nair
Independent Director
B. Sriram
Independent Director
Vibha Paul Rishi
Independent Director
Rohit Bhasin
Independent Director
Punit Sood
Independent Director
Sandeep Bakhshi
Managing Director & CEO
Sandeep Batra
Executive Director
Rakesh Jha
Executive Director
Ajay Kumar Gupta
Executive Director
(C) Chairperson
As at March 31, 2025
KEY PERSONNEL
Anindya Banerjee
Group Chief Financial Officer
Prachiti Lalingkar
Company Secretary
BOARD COMMITTEES
Audit Committee
S. Madhavan (C)
Rohit Bhasin
Punit Sood
Board Governance, Remuneration
& Nomination Committee
Neelam Dhawan (C)
B. Sriram
Pradeep Kumar Sinha
Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee
Pradeep Kumar Sinha (C)
Radhakrishnan Nair
Vibha Paul Rishi
Rohit Bhasin
Rakesh Jha
Information Technology Strategy
Committee
B. Sriram (C)
Neelam Dhawan
Punit Sood
Sandeep Batra
Ajay Kumar Gupta
Risk Committee
Rohit Bhasin (C)
S. Madhavan
Pradeep Kumar Sinha
Punit Sood
Sandeep Batra
Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
Vibha Paul Rishi (C)
Sandeep Batra
Ajay Kumar Gupta
Credit Committee
Sandeep Bakhshi (C)
B. Sriram
Radhakrishnan Nair
Rakesh Jha
Customer Service Committee
Vibha Paul Rishi (C)
S. Madhavan
Sandeep Bakhshi
Rakesh Jha
Fraud Monitoring Committee
Radhakrishnan Nair (C)
Neelam Dhawan
Vibha Paul Rishi
Rakesh Jha

Annual Report 2024-25 | 11
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
MESSAGE FROM THE WHOLETIME
DIRECTORS
Our deep belief in cultural and value anchors serves the foundation to steadily strengthen
our franchise and deliver long-term sustainable outcomes. We have sharpened our focus on
allocation of various organisational capital resources. We continue to empower our people
and align the one team culture around the Customer-360 approach. The Bank continues
to foster agile risk management in a constantly evolving financial landscape with a focus
on return of capital and right counterparty selection. The framework of risk, compliance and
governance continue to shape our culture of progressing prudently and responsibly, and
building trust with stakeholders. During fiscal 2025, we further strengthened sustainability
practices at the Bank through various initiatives, that eventually would converge to meet
the objectives of carbon neutrality. We further enhanced the allocation towards corporate
social responsibility, with efforts through the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth
benefitting an estimated 19 million individuals till fiscal 2025.
Our delivery framework emphasises enhancing capacity for meaningful customer
engagement and seamless delivery of Customer-360o propositions. Ongoing simplification
initiatives are constantly improving our response and turnaround time across various
touchpoints, enabling delivery of product and services faster and closer to customers in a
convenient manner. Digital channels aligned with customer centricity enable business
teams to effectively expand the reach and deepen customer connect across segments. We
continue to strengthen our credit policies and focus on selection of quality counterparties
by leveraging data analytics and public digital infrastructure. Our continuing investments
in technology including computing infrastructure and AI capabilities are designed to drive
operational effectiveness and seamless customer experience. The Bank has upgraded to
a single enterprise level customer relationship management platform - iCRM, with holistic
capabilities, enabling our teams to better understand and serve customers effectively.
The Bank continues to focus on scalability, resilience and security across technology
infrastructure and solutions.
As we celebrate the completion of 70 years of the institution, we express our heartfelt
gratitude to our stakeholders and reaffirm our commitment to serving them with sincerity
and sensitivity. Our constant endeavour is to build and sustain a future-ready institution,
founded on the pillars of integrity, trust and resilience, that effectively plays its role in
India s transformational journey. Customer-centricity and fairness remain at the core of our
approach, as we serve our customers and deliver propositions by deepening our coverage
across ecosystems and micromarkets. We have sharpened our focus on capital and capacity
allocation with strong emphasis on counterparty selection. We believe in simplifying banking
and providing quality customer experience by enhancing delivery systems and leveraging
digital capabilities. Our culture of One Bank, One Team fosters collaboration to achieve
long-term sustainable outcomes. Operational resilience is a key area of focus for the Bank,
along with a deep understanding of risk and adherence to compliance standards.
As customer expectations continue to evolve and the financial landscape becomes
increasingly dynamic, we are focussed on building trust and deeper relationships across
customer segments. We aspire to become the primary banker for our customers while
consistently delivering value in line with our Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank approach. The Bank
has further strengthened its 360 customer-centric approach and enhanced service offerings
with the enablement of upgraded customer relationship management capabilities. During
the year, the Bank has launched DigiEase - a new digital onboarding platform for business
banking customers, to provide seamless onboarding experience while enhancing capability for
the organisation. The Bank has sharpened its focus on efficient utilisation and right allocation
of capacity capital, aligned with One Bank, One Team philosophy - enabling seamless
collaboration across businesses and functions to serve customers holistically. We continue to
invest our resources towards emerging trends and opportunities to keep the institution agile
and future-ready.
Sandeep Bakhshi
Managing Director & CEO
Sandeep Batra
Executive Director
Rakesh Jha
Executive Director
Ajay Kumar Gupta
Executive Director

BUSINESS MODEL
CAPITALS
FINANCIAL
CAPITAL
HUMAN
CAPITAL
INTELLECTUAL
CAPITAL
MANUFACTURED
CAPITAL
SOCIAL AND
RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
NATURAL
CAPITAL
Our ability to maintain a resilient balance sheet and
enable business continuity, sustained growth, and
shareholder returns.
For further details, please refer to the Management
Discussion and Analysis section on page 116
Our competent and aligned workforce with diverse skill
sets and valuable experience.
Human Capital on page 52
Our ability to stay innovative and develop products
and services that provide quality experiences to our
customers.
For further details, please refer to the section on Our
Business Strategy on page 16
Our investment in technology architecture and delivery
channels that facilitates seamless delivery of services to
customers.
For further details, please refer to the section on Our
Business Strategy on page 16
Our commitment towards social empowerment and a
financial ecosystem accessible to all.
Social and Relationship Capital on page 58
Our focus on minimising the impact on natural resources
through our operations and business.
Environment and Sustainability on page 64
mp
lia
nc
wit
h C
sci
en
ce
Re
tur
n o
f C
ap
ita
On
e B
k,
On
e T
ea
Fai
r t
o C
ust
om
er,
F
air
Ba
nk
Agi
le
Ri
sk
Ma
na
ge
me
nt
mp
lia
nc
Re
pu
tio
Cy
be
In
fo
rm
at
io
Op
er
ati
al
Le
ga
Liq
ui
dit
Ma
rk
et
Cr
ed
IT
Te
ch
no
lo
gy
pli
ce
ult
ur
Pr
oc
es
De
ng
es
Le
ve
ra
gi
ng
T
ec
hn
ol
og
Ec
os
ys
te
ms
cr
ma
rk
et
Cu
st
om
er
-C
en
tri
cit
Provide credit
to support
consumption
and economic
activity
Enable
inclusion
Facilitate
payments and
Enable wealth
creation and
Provide
savings
products
Ri
sk
nd
MISSION
To grow our risk-calibrated core operating profit by:
Delivering products and services that create value for customers
Bringing together all our capabilities to seamlessly meet customer needs
Conducting our business within well-defined risk tolerance levels
VISION
To be the trusted financial services provider of choice for our customers, thereby
creating sustainable value for our stakeholders.
lla
bo
ra
tio
Q
ua
lit
Pa
rt
ne
rs
hi
ps
BUSINESS MODEL
12 | Annual Report 2024-25
Annual Report 2024-25 | 13
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

VALUE DRIVERS
OUTPUTS
Profit Before Tax
Excluding Treasury
`607.13
in fiscal 2025
Profit After Tax
`472.27
in fiscal 2025
Loans and Advances
`13,417.66
at March 31, 2025
Total Deposits
`16,103.48
at March 31, 2025
OUTCOMES
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Ensure a resilient balance sheet and healthy capital levels
Focus on sustainable growth
Maintain stable and healthy funding profile
Continue to strengthen portfolio quality
Create value for shareholders
HUMAN CAPITAL
Guided by One Bank, One Team
Enabling cross-functional collaboration
Job rotation and leadership development
Continuous skill training and capability building
Employee engagement
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Leveraging Bank to BankTech
Early adoption of emerging technologies enabling innovation
Partnership with fintechs
Decongesting processes and improving customer experience
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
A combination of physical and digital channels enabling
seamless service delivery
Strengthening digital capabilities for cost efficiency, process
efficiency and enhancing customer experience
Focus on cybersecurity, data privacy and operational resiliency
Core and supporting IT systems that are responsive and scalable
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Engagement with customers, society and other stakeholders
Participating in development efforts through the ICICI Foundation
for Inclusive Growth
Financial inclusion
NATURAL CAPITAL
Supporting environment-friendly projects, subject to
appropriate risk-return assessment
Efficient energy management in the Bank s operations
Use of renewable energy
Environment-friendly initiatives
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 11.4% and profit after tax by 15.5% year-on-year
Granular portfolio mix with 74.8% of corporate loans to entities internally rated A- and above
Net NPA ratio decreased from 0.42% at March 31, 2024 to 0.39% at March 31, 2025
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 15.94% at March 31, 2025
Consolidated return on equity of 18.0% in fiscal 2025
HUMAN CAPITAL
Frontline teams reorganised and empowered for enabling 360 customer engagement
42,000 women comprising 32% of total employee strength at March 31, 2025
Average person learning days of 10 days in fiscal 2025
Deepened share-linked compensation to about 20,700 employees in fiscal 2025
Strong industry-academia engagement to create bankers with diverse skills
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
iCRM, a cross-functional unified platform, enabling better engagement, improved customer servicing and deepening of
Customer-360 relationship
DigiEase digital platform to streamline customer onboarding process for business banking
iLens platform for mortgages, personal loan and education loan, enhanced to credit-card offerings during fiscal 2025
More than 5,500 APIs, of which over 3,500 APIs are consumed internally for communication across applications
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
Several initiatives taken towards enhancing delivery systems and simplifying processes with a focus on delivering
customer delight
Empowered business centres for enabling Customer-360
460 business centres added during the year
No material incidents of security breaches or data loss during fiscal 2025
Continues to remain invested towards strengthening delivery systems, technology platforms and cybersecurity to
sustain scalability, security and resilience
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
`8.01 billion allocated towards corporate social responsibility initiatives; focus on healthcare, environment and ecology,
livelihood and community development
ISO 45001:2018 certification for Occupational Health and Safety Management at 21 large offices with total occupancy
of more than 30,000 employees
NATURAL CAPITAL
Outstanding portfolio of `906 billion towards sustainable sectors at March 31, 2025, of which 34.2% was green financing
in areas like renewable energy and allied activities, electric vehicles, green buildings and green hydrogen/electrolysers
The Bank has installed Atmospheric Water Generator units at five locations, producing 8,000 litres of potable water per
day and reducing dependence on packaged water
Proportion of renewable energy, including I-RECs, in total electricity consumption was 38% in fiscal 2025
1.2 million saplings were planted during fiscal 2025 as part of CSR initiatives; cumulative 4.9 million since fiscal 2022
BUSINESS MODEL
BUSINESS MODEL
14 | Annual Report 2024-25
Annual Report 2024-25 | 15
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
As we mark 70 years of service in fiscal 2025, the Bank
progresses on its sustainable growth journey underpinned
by disciplined focus on profitable growth, consistent
execution, deepening customer-centricity as well as
building capabilities. The strategic approach continues
to remain anchored on pillars of principles, coverage
and delivery framework. The core principles of Return
of Capital , Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank , One Bank,
One Team and Compliance with Conscience , continue to
guide our dealings with all stakeholders while pursuing
our business objectives.
The Bank continues to maintain its strategic focus on
profit before tax excluding treasury within the guardrails
of compliance and risk management. The Bank s profit
before tax excluding treasury grew by 11.4% year-on-year
during fiscal 2025 to `607.13 billion. The Bank continues
to grow its loan portfolio in a granular manner with
no specific targets for loan-mix or segment-wise loan
growth. During fiscal 2025, the Bank delivered broad-
based loan growth across segments of 13.9% year-on-
year in the domestic loan portfolio to `13,109.81 billion.
The Bank continues to grow its liability franchise,
maintaining a stable and healthy funding profile and
competitive advantage in cost of funds. The deposits
grew by 14.0% year-on-year to `16,103.48 billion.
The Bank continues to focus on maintaining a resilient
balance
sheet
adequate
liquidity,
prudent
provisioning and healthy capital adequacy.
Selection of right counterparties and focus on capital
preservation continue to underpin our efforts to pursue
opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets.
Embracing agile organisation structures and enhancing
the delivery framework enable us to deepen 360o
engagements along with improved customer service.
Disciplined execution with focus on capital, counterparty and capacity to deliver
sustainable outcomes.
Principles
Coverage
Customer
360o
Delivery Framework
Taking Entire Bank to the Customer
Micromarkets
Ecosystems
Collaborations
& Partnerships
Focus on
Quality
Process
Decongestion
Bank to
BankTech
Our Approach
Integrity
Execution
Maximising Profit Before Tax
To be the Trusted Financial Service Provider
Simplify
Excluding treasury
Return of
Capital
Fair to Customer,
Fair to Bank
One Team
Agile Risk
Management
Compliance with
Conscience
16 | Annual Report 2024-25

to Bank and the culture to serve the end-to-end needs of
customers with simplicity continued to be the underlying
principle to drive mutually beneficial relationships and
build trust in our brand. In line with this philosophy, the
Bank, over the years, has taken various initiatives such
as removing and rationalising prepayment/foreclosure
charges on certain products and not selling third-
party products which may have adverse outcomes for
customers. Being transparent in the dealings with the
customers is core to the strategy for sustainable growth.
Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank on page 36.
c. One Bank, One Team
The principle of One Bank, One Team underscores
the Bank s endeavour to serve customers across
ecosystems and micromarkets in a unified manner. The
Bank has realigned its organisation and compensation
structure to better support its Customer-360 strategy.
Employees are equipped with requisite knowledge and
skills to serve customers in line with One Bank, One
Team and provide comprehensive financial solutions
to customers. The core aspects of Building Team ICICI
centre on deploying a culturally-aligned workforce
in the right markets, with right attitude and skills, to
deliver business strategy, while offering the Bank s value
propositions of learning and growth, enabling work
environment, fair compensation and care for the employees.
The Bank emphasises that at the heart of its approach
is seva bhaav which represents the Bank s commitment
to service both for its customers and employees.
Human Capital on page 52.
d. Agile Risk Management
The Bank recognises that the landscape is constantly
evolving and with IT, the nature of emerging risks.
We believe that risk management must be dynamic,
data-driven, and forward-looking. We seek to adopt
an agile risk management approach that allows us
to identify, assess and mitigate risks proactively.
This
includes
learning
events,
encouraging
constructive feedback and taking remedial actions.
This agile risk management approach also enhances
operational efficiency and strengthens trust across
stakeholders.
With a long-standing franchise in place, the Bank aims to
realise its rightful market share by harnessing brand and
leveraging core strengths.
The Bank is committed to and continues to invest
in strengthening operational resilience and delivery
channels, ensuring secure, stable and resilient banking
platforms. Offering quality banking with simplicity
and reliability is the key priority to enhance customer
engagement
seamless
experience.
Integrity,
transparency and fairness continue to be core in
serving customers and offering suitable banking solutions
that support long-term sustainability. As we work
towards realising our vision of becoming the trusted
financial service provider of choice for our customers,
we remain focussed on creating sustainable value for
our stakeholders.
I. PRINCIPLES
Building trust with all stakeholders is fundamental to the
Bank s strategic objectives.
The Bank recognises the importance of a robust
framework and is committed to fostering a healthy
culture of risk and compliance. The Bank continuously
endeavours to strengthen its culture and all employees
are encouraged to align with these guiding principles in
their activities while representing the organisation.
a. Return of Capital
The Bank is focussed on the principle of Return of
Capital emphasising the need to prioritise conservation
of capital. The approach of onboarding the right
counterparty has provided an impetus to resilient growth
in business while protecting capital. Capital preservation
involves prudent risk management and effective capital
allocation to sustain long-term growth and stability. The
Bank focusses on growing its loan portfolio in a granular
manner with a focus on risk and reward.
b. Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank
The principle of Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank emphasises
the need to deliver fair value to customers while creating
value for shareholders, which would guide the Bank s
operations. The Bank seeks to sell products and offer
services which meet societal needs and are in the interest
of our customers. The philosophy of Fair to Customer, Fair
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 17
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

e. Compliance with Conscience
The Bank is committed to fostering a risk and compliance
culture to ensure a balance of risk and rewards for
delivering long-term sustainable outcomes. The Bank
conducts business within the boundaries of law and
regulations while being aligned with best practices.
The Bank recognises the importance of establishing an
effective framework and supporting processes so that all
employees seek to exhibit values aligned to the risk and
compliance culture policy. The Risk and Compliance
Culture Policy establishes the guiding principles and
the framework for implementation of the same. The
Bank conducts risk and compliance workshops to equip
employees with the necessary skills to make decisions
based on the principles set out in the risk and compliance
framework of the Bank.
Our Values on page 34.
II. COVERAGE
The Bank has adopted a customer-centric approach,
with the prime objective of serving all their banking
needs in a holistic manner. The Bank continues to
focus on deepening presence and harnessing business
opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets in a
unified manner. The Bank aims to grow by leveraging its
long-standing franchise and well-recognised brand.
a. Focus on Customer-360o
Customer-centricity is core to our strategy in growing our
business and delivering customer delight. The approach
begins with developing a deep understanding of customer
needs, expectations and experiences. The approach is to
take the entire bank to the customer and offer solutions
that are holistic in nature and build trust that translates
into a long-term relationship with our customers. The
Bank aims to become the trusted financial service provider
of choice for our customers.
As part of our Customer-360o approach, the Bank
has transformed its branches into customer-oriented
business centres. Business centres act as a fulcrum
for coverage and provide full spectrum of offerings to
the entire customer base. The Bank has restructured
teams internally to better support its Customer-360
strategy by deepening leadership presence in high
potential markets for faster decision-making to deliver
enhanced customer experience. The Bank has further
empowered frontline teams with enablers for enhancing
customer engagement and providing seamless execution
of services.
The Bank leverages its business centres network, digital
channels, partnerships and overseas coverage of India-
linked business to capture the entire Customer-360 and
drive growth. The corporate office operates as a service
centre and the purpose of the central team is to serve
the employees to facilitate customer engagement and
seamless delivery of products and services.
b. Focus on Micromarkets
The Bank continues to uphold its customer-centric
ethos through an in-depth analysis of micromarkets,
leveraging data analytics and market intelligence. This
comprehensive understanding empowers frontline teams
to devise localised strategies with tailored propositions
enabling the Bank to deliver right solutions to customers
across various segments. Micromarket insights allow
the Bank to focus on aligned distribution and relevant
delivery models. These insights are utilised in optimising
and building distribution networks to better align with
customer needs and market dynamics thereby driving
value creation through appropriate planning, resource
allocation, channel alignment and marketing in every
market the Bank serves.
V-Serv Plus has been designed to manage customer
queries that may require expert intervention, where a
subject matter expert guides the relationship manager
6,983
16,285
1,058
Business Centres
ATMs/Cash Recycling Machines
Digital Service Kiosks
ICICI Bank s Network at March 31, 2025
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
18 | Annual Report 2024-25

Focus on High
Potential Markets
Intensified
Leadership Presence
Asset Distribution
Aligned with Business
Centres
Credit Business Centres
Co-located in Business
Centres
Leveraging High Potential
Segments & Ecosystems
Growing Risk-Calibrated
Profitability
Aligning Business Centres
Planning Business Centre
Expansion in High Activity
Pockets
Understanding Market
Micromarket
Execution
and provides end-to-end faster resolutions. IT acts
as an enabler for employees by providing assistance
on processes across products and services leading to
seamless engagement with customers.
We have empowered our frontline teams with detailed
local
insights
structured
catchment
texture.
Available at individual business centre level, the insights
allow the teams to focus on the requirements of the
catchment, develop localised strategies, allocate resources
and provide customers with a personalised experience
and relevant solutions.
The Bank continues to strengthen the organisational
structure with State Business Heads to capture the
360 opportunity in these geographies and City Business
Heads covering the full spectrum of the ecosystem in
cities with large concentrated market opportunities.
Credit Business Centres (CBCs) continue to be placed
closer to important markets to facilitate faster processing
and delivery.
The
combination
micromarket
insights
digitisation continues to drive growth and efficiency,
enabling the Bank to serve more customers effectively.
As of March 31, 2025, ICICI Bank s network comprised
6,983 business centres.
c. Focus on Ecosystems
The Bank s objective is to serve all financial needs of
customers and their ecosystems by capturing the entire
value chain including their channel partners, dealers,
vendors, employees and other stakeholders, by taking
the full bank to the customer. In line with the objective
of creating customer-oriented ecosystems, the Bank
has developed sector-specific solutions. These solutions
focus on understanding industry and sector nuances and
addressing specific requirements, which help to support
businesses at every step of their journey. The Bank has
been providing a range of banking services to these
ecosystems through a network of physical and digital
channels. IT provides comprehensive digital solutions
for cash management, cross-border/domestic trade
and supply chain finance to customers, as well as their
employees. These solutions cater to broking, custodian
services, real estate, education, FMCG, healthcare, NBFC,
pharmaceutical and retail sectors among others.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 19
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

Identify All
Opportunities
Across the
Value Chain
MNC
Corporate
Capital Markets
Merchants
GCC
Healthcare
NRI
Golden Years
Defence
Student
Housing Societies
Focus on
Execution
Taking Entire
Bank to the
Customer
Enhance Ecosystem
Opportunities
Approach to Ecosystem
S
u
S
u
ri
g

S
k
h
ri
g

S
k
h
The Bank is driving strategic transformation in the cross-
border trade ecosystem by leveraging the power of digital
innovation to streamline customer journeys, simplify
transactions, and enhance value creation at every stage
of the trade lifecycle. The Bank is building a resilient,
technology-powered ecosystem that captures the entire
end-to-end lifecycle of trade transactions and provides
clients with seamless, secure and efficient experiences.
This also enables the Bank to identify and unlock cross-
selling opportunities and deliver holistic solutions across
the transaction flow. The digital solutions are built on a
scalable and secure infrastructure, aligned with regulatory
standards and designed to enhance operational agility.
d. Collaborations and Partnerships
Leveraging synergies within the organisation and
building partnerships across the value chain is a key
focus area. Cross-functional teams have been created
to tap into various ecosystems, enabling 360o coverage
of customers and increasing wallet share. Partnerships
with technology companies and platforms with large
customer bases and operational excellence offer unique
opportunities for growth, enhancing service delivery and
customer experience in a safe banking environment.
The Bank aims to provide 360 solutions to the new-
to-bank customers that have been acquired through
various co-branded credit cards. The growth in credit card
transactions was driven by higher activation rate through
digital onboarding of customers, acquiring progressive
profile customers and automated and effective portfolio
management.
The Bank has not only pioneered the usage of FASTag
for payments at various national and state highways, toll
plazas but also expanded use cases to parking payments
at airports, ports and malls across the country.
Over the recent years, we have witnessed the rapid
evolution and growth of a vibrant startup ecosystem
in India. In alignment with this evolution, the Bank has
created a platform to foster collaboration and co-create
innovative solutions with startups. These partnerships
are carefully aligned with the Bank s digital roadmap and
are aimed at effectively addressing emerging trends in
the financial services sector. Partnerships with startups
are designed to unlock new business opportunities,
strengthen the risk frameworks, enhance customer
experience and drive operational efficiency, all leading
to cost optimisation in alignment with the Bank s digital
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
20 | Annual Report 2024-25

roadmap. To nurture these partnerships, the Bank
implements a structured engagement framework that
ensures alignment of startup ideas, products, and services
with its core strategy.
Collaborating with startups accelerates the adoption
of evolving technologies at scale, such as artificial
intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), computer vision,
and cloud computing. These partnerships span a wide
range of business functions including retail banking, non-
resident Indian (NRI) banking, corporate banking, treasury
services, customer service, internal risk management,
compliance and legal operations. To support these
initiatives, the Bank has adopted a technology-driven
approach that enables IT to respond to the evolving
business landscape with agility and responsiveness.
This approach has delivered significant impact across
domains such as digital onboarding solutions including
video KYC (Know Your Customer), supply chain financing
solution for anchor corporates, AI/ML powered Bank
Guarantee (BG) processing, automated speech recognition
and contextual conversation bot, real estate collateral
management, leveraging satellite data to enhance
collection efficiency and rural finance underwriting.
III. DELIVERY FRAMEWORK
The Bank is continually enhancing delivery capabilities
to provide quality customer experiences. While the Bank
continues to invest in value propositions in line with the
evolving customer preferences regarding products and
services, a compelling opportunity emerges to unlock
value through simplified banking. The Bank believes
this will significantly enhance the capability to serve
Customer-360 more effectively and provide a seamless
banking experience. Recognising the imperative need of
simplifying, the Bank, over the years through a series of
holistic initiatives, has implemented various measures
focussing on decongesting processes, driving digital
transformation and strengthening delivery channels to
build a seamless and sustainable delivery framework.
Continuing on this journey, the Bank is implementing
these holistic initiatives across its entire organisational
spectrum
covering
technology,
operations,
policies,
organisation structure, franchise network and distribution
channels.
a. Focus on Quality
Offering quality banking services with simplicity and
reliability is the key priority of the Bank. The Bank lays
emphasis on known and assessable profiles, while
maintaining stringency in counterparty selection. The
Bank continues the approach of quality onboarding by
selecting right counterparties including partners and
service providers. By leveraging data analytics, digital
public infrastructure and digital capabilities, the Bank
assesses the quality of counterparties while onboarding.
b. Process Decongestion
Process decongestion as part of the delivery framework
is an ongoing effort with the objective of eliminating
complexity, streamlining operations and building
efficiencies to make customer onboarding and service
delivery frictionless, thereby improving the customer
experience. The Bank leverages technology to automate
and streamline processes, building seamless end-to-
end digital journeys. By eliminating redundancies and
utilising digital public infrastructure, the Bank aims
to enhance operational resilience and deliver quality
customer service.
The Bank is leveraging the changing technological
landscape and the power of subtraction to give a
Customer-360
product
onboarding
experience
customers along with simplifying customer journeys
through initiatives such as One KYC. The Bank is working
on seamless integration of 3-in-1 accounts with ICICI
Securities Limited, a subsidiary of the Bank, to offer
bank account, demat account and trading account
simultaneously thereby enhancing the journey and
ensuring faster turnaround time for customer onboarding.
The Bank has intensified the focus on moving from a
product-centric approach to a customer-centric banking
approach and continues to rationalise product variants
and remove complexities, resulting in leaner processes and
reduced turnaround time. During the past few years, the
Bank has rationalised the number of product variants from
about 1,000 to 600. A common onboarding framework
related to know your customer has been created for both
asset and liability products.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 21
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

The OpsServe initiative enables the Bank to consolidate
operational activities at business centres and thereby
releases capacity for better customer engagement.
V-Serv
enables
business
centres
micro
market teams to seek solutions to diverse customer
requirements by reaching out to a central pool of internal
subject matter experts. The Bank has rationalised the
layers of management in its organisation structure and
empowered operating teams to create flexibility and
agility in capturing business opportunities.
Process decongestion initiatives have improved our
response and turnaround time thereby empowering our
teams to effectively serve a diverse and vast base of
identified customers in a simplified manner.
c. Leveraging BankTech
In fiscal 2025, the Bank to BankTech journey has
progressed with increased focus on technology platforms,
embedded banking, cloud adoption, data platform,
analytics and artificial intelligence. The Bank s efforts
continue to be guided by the three pillars of scalability,
resilience and security across technology solutions.
The technology platforms serve the objective of adding
quality customer experience.
As a part of the Bank s technology strategy, the Bank
has created an enterprise architecture framework across
core banking, digital platforms, data and analytics, micro
services-based architecture, cloud computing, cognitive
intelligence and other emerging technologies. Each facet
of the architecture considers basic foundational elements
of scalability, modularity, agility, availability and resilience,
and the Bank is working towards making its workloads
cloud native.
The Bank has over 5,500 APIs, of which over 3,500
APIs
consumed
internally
communication
across applications. The Bank has expanded its
data centres across regions and is moving towards
enabling availability zones across application clusters.
Seamless
Customer
Experience
Lightening the
Core, Modular
Architecture
Platformisation
for Efficiencies
Risk &
Compliance
First
Serving
360
Needs
High
Availability
S
E
U
R
E
S
A
A
B
E
R
E
SI
IE
N
T
Approach to Technology
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Fair to Customer,
Fair to Bank
One Team
Right
Counterparties
22 | Annual Report 2024-25

Technology Architecture and Focus Areas
Engagement
Data &
Intelligence
Federation
Core
Platforms
Decongested Experience
Personalised
Real-time
AI Adoption
Microservices-enabled
Secured Interface
Modular Architecture
Lightening the Core
The Bank has been investing in observability platforms
which are critical towards ensuring preventive and
proactive responses across application and infrastructure
landscape.
The fast-moving technology landscape along with
various channels of interaction implies increased focus
on information security across various aspects of
technology beginning from data centres to the cloud
to the entire technology supply chain. The Bank has
adopted an integrated security architecture based
on zero trust principles across data centres and
cloud implementations.
The Bank lays emphasis on continuously strengthening
its operational resilience for seamless delivery of services
to customers. As the Bank continues to grow its business,
IT remains invested towards strengthening delivery
systems, technology platforms and cybersecurity to
sustain scalability, security and resilience.
Artificial Intelligence
The Bank has adopted Artificial Intelligence (AI)
driven use cases across various functions to enhance
operational
efficiency,
enable
decision-making
decongest banking experience for customers. The Bank
focusses on building and scaling value generating
use cases of traditional AI in areas like credit risk for
decongesting onboarding and straight-through decisions,
marketing propensity to target offers on digital channels,
fraud detection to flag suspicious transaction and
behaviours,
document
extraction
classification to increase the scale and improving
accuracy, image recognition etc. to gain insights, identify
trends, streamline processes, automate repetitive tasks
and reduce manual errors.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 23
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

Customised
Solutions
iMobile
FXOnline
iLens
iCRM
API Banking
OneSCF (Supply Chain)
InstaBIZ
DigiEase
banking, internet banking, UPI, and digital wallets, the
Bank ensures secure and accessible banking solutions
for all users.
In addition to these digital platforms, the Bank s business
centres also cater to walk-in customers through various
self-service devices operating 24x7. These include
cash recycler machines for deposits and withdrawals
and Digital Service Kiosks for services such as cheque
deposits,
passbook
updates,
get
quick
account
credit, fund transfer and other non-financial services.
This provides convenience of do-IT-yourself (DIY) to
customers in a digital manner and save the customer
waiting time at business centres. Our business centres
are able to execute majority of their retail transactions/
services through digital modes.
Security has been further strengthened with features
such as QR-based login for internet banking, offering
a seamless and secure login experience. To support
seamless service delivery, the customer service platform
delivers a faster, unified interface across channels,
improving the omni-channel experience and offering
customers convenient access to service-related queries.
Additionally, the redesigned icicibank.com website
delivers a seamless, user-friendly and personalised
banking experience. The new design emphasises
simplicity, transparency, efficiency and convenience
making digital banking more intuitive and easy
to navigate.
Generative AI
The Bank has invested in tools and created a framework
to enable employees with the power of Generative AI
for enhanced efficiency, accuracy and experience. A few
examples of these use cases are:

The Bank is harnessing Generative AI to aid in
drafting customer communication. The tool can
also be prompted to comprehend and summarise
responses.

The Bank is also using Generative AI solution to
compare large documents & programming codes to
enable sharper version controls and summarisation.

Generative AI models deployed are summarising
large internal & external documents and powering
internal search and comprehension.
While the Bank is working on realising the immense
value of AI, the use cases are selected in a measured
manner to mitigate the associated risks. The Bank
continues to invest in this area to drive business solutions
and harness opportunities.
Approach to Digital Platforms and Solutions
The Bank s digital transformation is centred on
integrating advanced technologies and platforms
to enhance customer experience and operational
efficiency. While offering digital services such as mobile
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
24 | Annual Report 2024-25

iMobile
Travel, Shopping, and Offers
Instant Loan, Cards
Scan to Pay, Pay to Contact
Smart Lock
IMPS/NEFT/Quick Transfer
Bill Payment and Recharge
Deposit & iFinance
Customer Security
Savings
Payments
Borrow
Spends
iMobile: One App Strategy
The Bank s iMobile app focusses on delivering a seamless,
secure and highly personalised banking experience.
The redesigned iMobile app enhances overall usability
by offering improved control, customisation and a
unified digital experience. With a user-friendly and
intuitive interface, the app ensures easy access to over
400 services, including account management, fund
transfers, bill payments and deposits management. The
My Investment Portfolio feature enables customers
to monitor and manage their investments with ease.
iFinance is a personal finance management tool for a
single view of other bank accounts, promoting financial
awareness through expense tracking. Enhanced features
such as UPI for NRIs, smart scan, and voice search
simplify transactions and boost accessibility. These
advancements
reflect
Bank s
commitment
delivering enhanced banking experience that evolves
with customers growing digital needs.
The security feature of iMobile SmartLock allows its
customers to temporarily block/unblock various banking
channels such as UPI, internet banking, iMobile app and
debit/credit cards - all with a single click. This added
layer of security ensures that financial transactions are
safe and secure.
To simplify customer journeys, video-KYC enables users
to complete the KYC process swiftly through secure
video interaction. Moreover, the re-KYC process has been
streamlined and individual customers can now select the
No Change option on iMobile or retail internet banking
if their officially valid documents (OVDs) are already
updated. With a single click, KYC details are refreshed
without requiring a branch visit, making the process
faster, more efficient and entirely digital.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 25
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

Simple
Fast
Fresh
Transparent
Personalised
All-new icicibank.com - A New Era of Simple Banking
Simplified Customer
Onboarding Journeys
Enhanced
Relationship
Management
Holistic
Customer-360
Coverage
Integrated with Core
Banking Systems
Intelligent
Customer Insights
On-the-Go
Automated Service
& Escalation
Framework
Streamlined
Omni-channel
Communication
Real-time
Nudges and
Updates
Accelerating
Data Intelligence
Centralised Customer
Engagement Memory
Unified CRM Platform
Relationship Enrichment
Service Fulfilment
Customer Onboarding
icicibank.com Website Redesign
The reimagined icicibank.com offers a seamless, user-
friendly and personalised banking experience. Designed
for simplicity and convenience, the transformed website
makes IT easier for all visitors to explore banking solutions.
Features such as simplified product discovery, easy
product comparisons, interactive calculators, and a
save-for-later option help users make informed financial
decisions. The Bank s website offers digital journeys
across products and services for customers and
non-customers, and now is a business enablement
platform. While most of the sections have been
redesigned, the Bank would continue on its journey of re-
designing the remaining sections of the website.
iCRM
Aligned with the principle of One Bank, One Team ,
the Bank, during fiscal 2025, has transformed its
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
26 | Annual Report 2024-25

Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform
in line with evolving customer needs, industry innovation
and technology enhancements. iCRM platform is a
comprehensive cross-functional unified platform across
internal stakeholders such as business centres and
service centres. The platform connects users, data and
key customer information across the Bank which drives
synergy, boosts productivity and maximises ecosystem
opportunities.
Designed for both web and mobile platforms, IT presents
a holistic view of customer engagement history in a
consolidated manner with real-time insights of key
touchpoints and offering relationship managers full
context of relationship to enhance engagement. The
platform enables teams to better understand customer
needs
preferences,
engage
seamlessly
offer suitable banking solutions; allowing to deepen
Customer-360 , unlock new opportunities and foster a
long-lasting relationship across the customer lifecycle.
iCRM platform is powered by an industry leading cloud-
based enterprise solution which has enabled us in
achieving agile scalability, simplified user experience and
hyper-personalised customer solutions. The platform
currently harnesses inputs and interactions by about 100
thousand users across about 7,000 business centres and
other locations and integrating over 50 internal systems
for seamless data coverage and utilisation. iCRM is
an omni-channel experience across business centres,
phone banking, digital channels and products to manage
customer service journeys.
iLens
iLens - ICICI Bank s Lending Solution is an industry-
first, integrated digital lending platform for retail loans,
covering the entire loan life cycle from onboarding to
disbursement. Initially launched with mortgage products
in fiscal 2023, iLens broadened its offerings to include
personal and education loans in fiscal 2024, followed
All
Stakeholders
All
Products
All
Workflows
Education
Loan
Credit
Cards
Mortgage
Loan
Personal
Loan
Seamless Paperless Journey
for Optimal Customer
Experience
Automated Verification for
Quick Loan Sanctioning
Integration of Advanced
API Ecosystem for Digital
Loans
Comprehensive Risk
Management Framework
Onboarding
Verification
Decisioning
Disbursal
iLens: One Digital System for all Retail Lending Products
Process
Propositions
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 27
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

InstaBIZ: All-in-One App for Business Banking
Launched in the year 2019, InstaBIZ is all-in-one
business banking application designed to meet every
business banking need - anytime, anywhere. Customers
can apply for loans, avail instant overdraft, manage
export-import transactions, get merchant banking
solutions, make instant bill and tax payments and
do a lot more with the InstaBIZ app. InstaBIZ further
enhanced solutions by offering analytics driven insights,
enabling merchants with a deeper understanding
of collection trends. The newly introduced feature -
SmartLock allows the customers to temporarily block/
unblock various banking channels such as UPI, internet
banking, InstaBIZ app and debit cards - all with a single
click. This added layer of security ensures that financial
transactions are safe and secure. The Bank endeavours
to provide better customer experience through continuous
improvement and simplified journeys.
GST Payment
Collection Dashboard
for Merchants
EEFC Account
Opening
SmartLock
InstaBIZ: Business Banking App
by the introduction of credit cards in fiscal 2025. This is
expected to further enable the Bank to provide enhanced
customer experience and increase its ability to capture
the entire Customer-360 ecosystem in a simplified,
frictionless and digital manner, thereby creating value for
the customers and the Bank.
The platform offers a wide range of digital solutions,
including instant sanctions for both existing and new-
to-bank customers, digital disbursements (e-sign and
e-stamp) and digital KYC verifications. IT supports digital,
phygital and physical loan applications, ensuring flexibility
and convenience for all users. IT is cloud-native, device-
responsive and microservices-enabled open architecture,
allowing seamless integration with multiple internal
and external systems through APIs, facilitating faster
time-to-market and adaptability. iLens includes an inbuilt
customer interface, TrackMyApplication , through which
customers can track the real-time status of their loan
applications, submit documents, respond to queries and
access various communications as well as documents.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
28 | Annual Report 2024-25

DigiEase
End-to-End
Digital
Onboarding
Platform for Business Banking Customers
DigiEase, launched in fiscal 2025, is a new digital
onboarding platform for business banking customers
to provide seamless onboarding experience. The
platform leverages integration with various public
data infrastructure such as goods and services tax
(GST) portal, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), bank
statements and financial documents from income
tax return (ITR) under single workflow for seamless
retrieval and validation of data digitally, ensuring data
reliability and eliminating repetitive dependency on
manual verification. The platform ensures real-time
checks on critical decision-making parameters, basic
regulatory compliance checks and operational efficiency
with reduced turnaround time in a cost-effective manner.
The platform aims to provide complete visibility across
every stage of the customer journey, beginning with
onboarding,
continuing
sanctioning
disbursement, and extending into portfolio monitoring.
The advanced integration and continuous tracking
ensures timely updates and a frictionless journey for
both customers and internal stakeholders. With an
ability to consolidate multiple digital services into a
single workflow, DigiEase achieves a dual advantage:
enhancing productivity by more efficient workflow and
ensuring accuracy with first time right approach .
Digital Platforms and Solutions for Corporate
Customers
The Bank continues to lead in delivering innovative
digital solutions tailored for large corporates and their
ecosystems. The emphasis is centred on delivering
integrated, intuitive, and seamless solutions that meet
the unique requirements of businesses across industries.
The Bank is continuously enhancing and adding newer
journeys on cash management and trade digital platforms.
The Bank ensures seamless domestic and cross-border
payments and collections, efficient liquidity and treasury
management, enhanced operational efficiency and higher
adaptability with sector-specific relevance; such as,
with a growing real estate sector and increased pace of
merger and acquisitions and foreign direct investments,
our Digi-Escrow platform modernises traditional escrow
services by offering a fully digital experience.
The
Bank
addresses
evolving
cross-border
transactional needs of corporate customers through
its suite of digital solutions such as Trade Online
platform, Trade API Suite, Instant Export Packing Credit
(Insta EPC), digital document management (including
e-Docs, i-Docs, e-Softex and i-BOE) and digital FX and
trade services (including electronic Letters of Credit
(e-LC), electronic Bills of Lading (e-BL) and integrated
FX solutions).
DigiEase
Fully Digital
Onboarding
Journey
Intuitive
Variant
Selection
Data
Integration
First Time Right
(FTR) Approach
Real-time
Tracking
Dashboard
Efficient Use of
Resource
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Business Banking
Annual Report 2024-25 | 29
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

The Bank is offering solutions to meet the growing
requirements
corporates
scalable
efficient supply chain finance solutions through its
comprehensive suite of digital platforms. Our platforms
such as OneSCF, FSCM, CorpConnect and DigitalLite
deliver comprehensive digital solutions for onboarding
supply chain partners, enable dealer/vendor financing
in seamless manner, providing end-to-end visibility
payments
collections,
automated
data
reconciliation and real-time dashboards in a secure and
paperless transaction environment. These solutions
also streamline credit assessments using smart
engines that incorporate GST data, bureau checks and
AI-driven algorithms.
In support of India s growing trade ecosystem, the
Bank has strengthened its trade API suite - a major
step towards digitising trade transactions. IT leverages
advanced multithreading technology, offering clients a
faster, secure and seamless experience. Our focus is to
develop a future-ready digital solutions that enhances
customer experience, ensures regulatory compliance,
improves operational efficiency and reduce operational
risk, improves transparency and simplifies processes
across the value chain.
Digital Solutions for Non-Resident Indians
Non-Resident Indians (NRI) segment continues to be a
key growth driver for the Bank s international banking
business. The focus continues to be on improving
experience
enhanced
service
architecture, value propositions and seamless processes
with digital at the core.
The customer onboarding process has been further
simplified and key features such as optical character
reader (OCR) based documentation and minimal data
input with inbuilt validation has been developed.
Additionally, the re-KYC journey has been simplified
on digital channels. The focus is on Customer-360o
banking through better customer engagement while
decongesting the process complexities in an effort to
improve NRI banking services.
Facilitating
frictionless
cross-border
remittance
solutions has been the core strategy for both inward
and outward remittance requirement of NRIs and
resident Indians. The outward remittances by resident
customers to IFSC GIFT City have been enabled
for online as well as through the branch network.
The remittance applications have been integrated with
a new system for risk monitoring thereby enhancing
the safety and security. The education fees payment
journey to overseas universities/colleges in US, UK and
Australia has been simplified wherein the customer can
seamlessly transfer the funds.
KEY AREAS OF BUSINESS
Retail and Rural Banking
To
capitalise
growth
opportunities
geographies, the Bank has consolidated its retail
and rural business groups under a unified structure.
The Bank s retail advances grew by 8.9% year-on-year
to `7,172.23 billion at March 31, 2025. Retail loans
accounted for 53.5% of the net advances.
The Bank s retail business offers wide range of products
and services across assets and liabilities category
including lending, savings, investments along with
payment and transaction banking services, lockers etc.
We deliver our retail products and services through
effective distribution channels of business centres,
ATMs,
cash
recycler
machines
call
centres.
The Bank has undertaken several initiatives to offer a
convenient and seamless experience to customers.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
30 | Annual Report 2024-25

loans and term loans for equipment purchase and farm
development. IT also provides income-generating and
consumption loans to economically weaker sections,
along with financial solutions to microfinance institutions,
Self-Help Groups (SHGs), farmer cooperatives and
small and medium enterprises engaged in agriculture-
linked businesses. The rural presence is also supported
by business correspondent agent network ensuring
last-mile connectivity in remote areas.
Business Banking
The business banking portfolio comprises exposures
to companies with a turnover of up to `7.50 billion. The
advances grew by 33.7% to `2,633.67 billion at March 31,
2025, accounting for 19.6% of the net advances.
The Bank s focus in these businesses continues to be on
parameterised and program-based lending, which is
granular and well-collateralised. The Bank has devised
a comprehensive digital onboarding platform DigiEase ,
designed to streamline the business banking customer
onboarding journey and aims to enhance efficiency,
accuracy and customer experience. By leveraging digital
public infrastructure and automation, DigiEase ensures
that businesses can access financial services quickly,
securely and efficiently.
In addition, our digital channels and platforms have
become increasingly important to our customers. At
year-end fiscal 2025, we had a network of 6,983
business centres and 16,285 ATMs and cash recycler
machines across several Indian states. Our 49.9% of
business centres are in rural and semi-urban areas.
The focus is to digitise maximum processes and other
touchpoints to enhance customer engagement and
provide seamless experience.
The Bank s retail portfolio construct is based on
proprietary data and analytics. The underwriting process
involves a combination of key variables to assess the
cash flow and repayment ability of the customer like
income, leverage, customer profile, quality markers,
credit bureau data and demographics. The Bank
utilises multiple data points including liability and asset
relationships, transaction behaviour and bureau checks
along with proprietary machine learning and statistical
models for credit decision-making.
The rural advances grew by 5.1% year-on-year to
`783.40 billion as of March 31, 2025, accounting for
5.8% of the net advances. The Bank offers a wide range
of products addressing end-to-end needs across the
rural value chain. Key products offered include working
capital loans through the Kisan Credit Card (KCC), gold
The Bank has developed various platforms such as DigiEase to fulfil customer onboarding, sourcing and fulfilment journeys through
Do-IT-Yourself (DIY) and Do-IT-for-Me (DIFM), through its business centres, InstaBIZ application and website.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 31
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
The Bank has devised an integrated underwriting
approach based on scorecard and statistical ratings
model. The Bank has been strengthening underwriting
process by integrating various digital tools such
as bank statement analyser, bureau reports, GST,
Account Aggregator based financial information etc.
and has been enhancing various linked business rule
engines to gather, generate and consume data. The
Bank maintains a comprehensive risk management
framework to manage the business banking portfolio.
The Bank constantly monitors and analyses the portfolio
performance to identify early signals and initiate
necessary measures while maintaining portfolio within
the acceptable risk threshold framework.
The Bank has also developed various platforms for
onboarding customers, sourcing and fulfilment journeys
through Do-IT-Yourself (DIY) and Do-IT-for-Me (DIFM),
through our business centres, InstaBIZ mobile app and
the Bank s website. In addition, a dedicated relationship
manager completes the Bank s approach of providing full
360 coverage to its customers.
Wholesale Banking
The Bank s wholesale banking segment caters to
a diverse set of clients including large private sector
business houses and companies, banks and financial
institutions, public sector undertakings and central
and state government entities. The Bank s domestic
wholesale banking advances grew by 14.3% year-on-
year to `2,520.51 billion at March 31, 2025, accounting
for 18.8% of the net advances. The Bank also has an
established franchise among Multi-National Corporations
(MNCs), real estate companies, Information Technology
and Information Technology enabled Services (IT &
ITeS) and new-age services companies, along with the
financial sponsors space with special focus on private
equity funds and their investee companies. Additionally,
the Bank also caters to the requirements of the capital
market participants and custody service providers through
digital solutions improving their operational efficiency.
The Bank follows a relationship-led strategy, aiming
to build long-term partnerships with clients. The
Bank aims to become a business partner to its clients
instead of merely being a capital provider. With the
client at the centre, cross-functional teams across the
Bank work in a coordinated manner to deliver end-to-
end integrated solutions to wholesale clients across their
business life cycle including trade, treasury, bonds and
commercial papers placements, and also to their business
ecosystems. This has not only facilitated client servicing
more effective, but also enabled deepening the Bank s
relations in retail accounts of key client personnel and
employees through a suite of retail products. Supply chain
financing continues to remain a pivotal part of the Bank s
wholesale offerings to seamlessly manage all dealer/
vendor requirements.
The Bank has extensively leveraged analytics to
strengthen credit monitoring and portfolio performance.
While new credit is extended in a granular manner
to well-established and well-rated business groups,
data insights through analytics is being used for portfolio
monitoring and identification of early warning signals in
the existing portfolio to proactively identify risk exposures.
This has contributed in maintaining the resilience and
quality of the corporate portfolio.
International Business
ICICI Bank s overseas presence consists of business
centres in six overseas locations and representative
offices in ten locations outside India. The Bank s overseas
advances were `307.85 billion at March 31, 2025,
accounting for 2.3% of the net advances. The Bank has an
The Bank provides end-to-end support to clients across their
business life cycle including areas such as trade, treasury,
bonds and commercial papers placements.
32 | Annual Report 2024-25

IFSC Banking Unit (IBU) in GIFT City Gujarat, an Offshore
Banking Unit (OBU) in Mumbai, and wholly-owned
subsidiaries in the United Kingdom (UK) and Canada.
The overseas offices of the Bank complement the
India business centres by providing coverage and
service to Non-Resident Indians (NRI) and India-linked
businesses. The overseas offices focus on four strategic
pillars, namely (a) the NRI ecosystem serving the Indian
diaspora globally for their banking needs in India
(including deposits and remittances); (b) the Multinational
Corporates (MNC) and Global Capability Centres (GCC)
ecosystem comprising foreign MNCs setting up offices
in India for manufacturing/services and the Indian
MNCs present overseas for their banking requirements;
(c) Institutional ecosystem to capture fund flows into
India through the Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI)
and Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) route and (d)
Trade ecosystem comprising primarily of India-linked
cross-border trade transactions.
The IFSC Banking unit (IBU) at GIFT City caters to the
needs of the Bank customers based out of India by
offering a range of foreign currency banking solutions
spanning retail banking, corporate banking, trade finance,
capital market services and the global markets ecosystem.
IBU GIFT City offers savings and deposit accounts to NRI
customers, in addition to loan against deposit facilities.
During the year, the internet banking platform has been
enhanced to offer greater transactional capabilities
to NRIs across all the major currencies. In addition to
simplifying the account opening process and offering
online onboarding to NRI customers, the IBU has also
commenced onboarding of Resident Indians under the
Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS).
ICICI Bank is also a registered custodian, depository
participant and clearing member in IBU GIFT City.
ICICI Bank is a settlement banker to all three exchanges
in GIFT City - NSE IFSC, India INX and India International
Bullion Exchange (IIBX).
Government Banking
Government
adoption
Technology
increasingly transitioning towards efficient financial
transparency
its
transactions for revenue receipts and expenditure
payments. The Bank provides a range of banking services
to government departments and their ecosystems,
through a network of physical and digital channels.
The Bank offers government customers integrated
plug-n-play digital solutions, to assist them in effective
delivery of services to stakeholders including citizens.
The Bank is further assisting the Government in
implementing various fund flow mechanisms like Single
Nodal Agency Account and Hybrid Treasury Single
Account. The Bank also supports the government in
collection of direct & indirect taxes including income
tax, service tax, customs duty, GST payments and
state taxes through its business centres and digital
channels. Additionally, the Bank is also extending its
banking services to stakeholders within the government
ecosystem, including employees and vendors for
providing them convenience and seamless digital
banking experience.
The IFSC Banking unit (IBU) at GIFT City caters to the needs
of the Bank s Indian customers by offering a range of foreign
currency banking solutions.
OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY
Annual Report 2024-25 | 33
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

OUR VALUES
ICICI Bank continuously endeavours to strengthen its
culture and encourage adoption of values and code of
conduct amongst employees and doing business in a
fair and transparent manner. Every action is aimed at
benefiting the customer and the Bank. The Bank
continuously strives to embed relevant principles and
communicate the organisation s culture on an ongoing
basis. In fiscal 2022, the Bank introduced the Risk and
Compliance Culture Policy, enumerating the guiding
principles for strengthening the risk and compliance
culture, recognising the importance of establishing
effective frameworks and supporting processes that
encourage employees to exhibit the desired ethos of
the Bank.
The Risk and Compliance Culture Policy outlines the
guiding principles and key aspects for their effective
implementation of these principles.
The effective implementation of the policy includes
a governance framework that defines the roles and
responsibilities of the Board, MD & CEO, Executive
Directors,
Risk
Compliance
Culture
Council. Consistent and continuous communication
of these principles during employee interactions is an
effective mechanism for embedding these core values.
All employees are encouraged to align with these
guiding principles in their activities. Additionally, business
compliance officers are appointed within functional
teams to strengthen compliance practices.
The Bank is committed to act professionally and fairly
in all its dealings. The ICICI Group Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics provides the values, principles and
standards that should guide the decisions and actions of
the Bank employees. This Code is also the Bank s
commitment to its stakeholders for adhering to the
ethical standards and dealing with integrity.
Fair to
Customer,
Fair to Bank
One Team
Return of
Capital is
Paramount
Agile Risk
Management
Compliance
Conscience
The Guiding Principles
The Bank is committed to fostering risk and compliance culture to ensure a balance of
risk and rewards, and aims to uphold these values in all our dealings.
34 | Annual Report 2024-25

Conflict of Interest

Privacy/Confidentiality

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption/Gifts and
Entertainment

Personal Investment

Accuracy of Company Records and
Reporting

Know-Your-Customer/Anti-Money
Laundering and Combating Financing of
Terrorism

Protecting ICICI Group s Assets

Workplace Responsibilities and Raising
Ethical Issues

Social Media
The Bank has a zero tolerance approach to bribery and
corruption. The Bank has a well-defined Anti-Bribery
and Anti-Corruption policy articulating the obligations of
employees in these matters.
The Bank has a Board-approved Group Know Your
Customer
(KYC),
Anti-Money
Laundering
(AML)
and Combating Financing of Terrorism (CFT) Policy.
The policy lays down a risk-based approach in
implementing the AML framework. AML standards
of the Bank are mainly based on two pillars, namely,
Know-Your-Customer (KYC) and monitoring/reporting of
suspicious transactions (MSTR). The policy also requires
monitoring of transactions on pre-defined rules as per
the regulatory guidelines and any suspicious transactions
found are required to be reported to the concerned
authorities. The Bank through name screening procedure
ensures that the identity of the customer does not
match with any person with known criminal background
or with sanction/banned entities. For the purpose of
avoiding proliferation financing/terrorism financing, the
Bank maintains lists of individuals or entities issued by
Reserve Bank of India, United Nations Security Council,
other regulatory and enforcement agencies, legislation
and internal lists as the Bank may decide from time to
time. Further, while handling cross-border transactions,
the Bank carries out screening of names/parties
involved in a transaction against sanctions lists as
mentioned above and other negative lists, as applicable
at that point of time.
The
Bank
continuously
focusses
effectiveness
of financial controls and assesses compliance with
all relevant regulatory requirements. Key policies of the
Bank are reviewed and enhanced to ensure relevance,
adherence to regulations and adoption of best practices
on an ongoing basis. The Board-approved Group
Compliance Policy lays down the compliance framework
with emphasis on ensuring that products, customer
offerings and activities conform to rules and regulations
and adheres to the Bank s ethos of Fair to Customer,
Fair to Bank .
The Bank undertakes periodic training sessions and
sends information e-mailers, as part of knowledge-
enhancement and awareness, to employees. The
frequency of messages is high for areas such as fraud risk
management, data privacy, cybersecurity, compliance
policies, conflict of interest, sexual harassment, etc.
The Bank is committed to constantly reviewing its
governance
practices
frameworks,
objective of staying updated and responsive to the
dynamic and evolving landscape and acting in the best
interest of all stakeholders.
Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Key Policies and Standards
OUR VALUES
Annual Report 2024-25 | 35
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
In fiscal 2025, the Bank continued to focus on making
customer journeys frictionless and delivering customer
delight by placing the customer at the centre of every
design and process reimagination. We are harnessing
new-age technologies and platforms to enable us to
serve our customers with simplicity.
At ICICI Bank, we believe that every customer
interaction - whether feedback, enquiry or complaint,
is an opportunity to learn, strengthen our relationships
and enhance our services. Our approach is rooted in a
continuous listening and learning cycle, where customer
voices drive meaningful improvements.
The Bank focusses on deepening customer engagements
through a continuous listening and learning loop through
various sources such as proactive product and process
walkthroughs, Net Promoter Score, voice of customers,
customer complaints and detailed root cause analysis
(RCAs) of the same.
Customer complaints provide valuable insights, helping us
identify areas where we can refine processes, eliminate
friction and elevate service excellence. By systemically
addressing these touchpoints, we ensure a seamless and
trusted banking experience.
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
The Bank continues to build seamless customer journeys, focus on process reimagination
and further strengthen delivery through digital platforms to enhance customer delight,
efficiency and resilience.
The Bank focusses on deepening customer engagements through continuous listening and learning.
36 | Annual Report 2024-25

Truth, transparency and trust are at the core of our
customer service philosophy. We embrace these as
avenues for growth, reinforcing our commitment to truth
and strengthening our bond with customers. Through
active engagement and responsive solutions, we remain
dedicated to delivering a quality experience, built on
integrity and innovation.
In line with the above, some of the key initiatives which
were implemented for enhancing service delivery and
customer experience were:
VOICE CHANNELS-ENHANCEMENTS
IN SERVICE DELIVERY
At the Bank s Voice Channels that handle around five
million engagements every month, the focus was on
further enhancing the service experience by seamlessly
managing the customer engagements. To further
enhance the service experience, various interventions
were implemented including:
Virtual Hold
Enables a smooth customer experience of connecting
to the Voice Relationship Manager (RM). Once the
customer s call is in queue and the expected wait time is
longer than the defined threshold, a prompt is played on
the Interactive Voice Response (IVR), where the customer
has the option to receive a call back while retaining the
sequence number in the queue.
V-Serv
This is a one-stop shop for employees at the business
centres, to get process-level assistance across all
products and services. IT is designed to handle customer
queries that may require expert intervention through
subject matter experts who guide the RM and provide
end-to-end resolution.
Voice Biometric
This enables a customer s voice print to be enrolled for
verification. Instead of entering authentication details,
the customer s voice is utilised for authenticating future
calls. In fiscal 2025, 3.36 million customer calls were
verified using Voice Biometric.
Enhancing Digital Adoption
For customers calling the voice channel for availing a
service, the Voice RM has an option to send a WhatsApp
notification to the customer on a real-time basis. This helps
customers to experience the digital journey and adopt the
same for future service needs.
Digital Email Manager
This has advanced AI capabilities that leverage machine
learning and contextual analysis. IT interprets the content
of e-mails and provides pre-processed templates and
auto-response to customers, using real-time integration
with backend systems and robotic process automations
(RPAs).
RM Enablers
Hotline
Customers having a mapped Voice RM are offered the
option to connect to the eRM, on calling the customer care
number.
RM Callback
Voice RM has the option of immediately calling back a
customer, in case the call drops during the interaction,
while retaining the authentication (implemented for
wealth banking).
Voice BOT 2.0
Integration of applications with Voice BOT to help increase
call resolution at BOT level without assistance from the
Voice RM. Voice BOT 2.0 is undergoing a comprehensive
and significant transformation by reshaping the entire
design architecture with the help of API integration and
query containment happening on the BOT without RM
involvement to deliver a better customer experience.
Systemic Callback Functionality
Enabled for dropped calls for senior citizen and NRI
customers on the registered mobile number.
Upskilling Voice RMs to Handle Multiple Products
Promoting a unified and customer-centric approach by
enhancing RM proficiency in handling multi-product
customer interactions.
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
Annual Report 2024-25 | 37
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

NEW DIGITAL EXPERIENCES
In our endeavour to become digital to the core, our digital
channels bring together simplicity, scalability, security
and resilience to deliver a smooth banking experience
journeys.
Various
enhancements
were introduced during fiscal 2025, some of which are
outlined below:
Revamp of Digital Platforms
With the objective of achieving functional excellence,
upgrading our architecture to be future-ready and
delivering a seamless customer experience, various
improvements were implemented in our digital platforms.

iMobile dashboard was updated to a new, vibrant
orange theme and this is now the unified dashboard
colour scheme for all customers.

Fund transfer journey in iMobile was revamped and
customers now experience a seamless and enhanced
fund transfer experience with the new user interface.

The Retail Internet Banking (RIB) website was
upgraded to a simpler UI, modern design, easier
navigation and improved functionality.
Update Communication Address
through iMobile
A new feature was introduced in iMobile which allows
customers to update their communication address quickly
and securely using Aadhaar-based OTP authentication.
Login through QR on RIB
Customers can login to RIB by scanning a QR code,
eliminating the need to remember login ID and password.
The customer can initiate the login through the iMobile
app by scanning the QR displayed.
Enhanced Re-KYC process on iMobile
Feature introduced for customers to update Re-KYC in a
few clicks for cases where there is no change in KYC.
Nominee Updation through iMobile
Nominee updation feature introduced in iMobile which
enables customers to add, modify or delete nominees for
savings account, FD or RD.
SERVICE ENABLERS FOR
EMPLOYEES
At the business centres, the Bank continued to focus on
the decongestion and simplification of processes and
customer journeys to enable the front-end to deliver an
enhanced customer engagement.
For this, various initiatives were implemented at the
business centres, such as enabling Branch On the Move
(BOTM) on employee mobile phones in addition to
desktop, laptop and tablet versions for ease of servicing.
Additionally, loan and demat servicing is being extended
across business centres. For capability building, monthly
forums are held to discuss new roll outs, provide
suggestions and seek clarifications from process experts.
During fiscal 2025, the Bank saw a sustained
improvement in the Net Promoter Score (NPS), reflecting
customer value creation and advocacy.
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
Customers can login to internet banking through iMobile
by using QR code.
38 | Annual Report 2024-25

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
The Bank monitors key customer service metrics and
complaints through a well-defined framework. The
Customer Service Committee of the Board and the
Standing Committee on customer service convene on a
regular basis to deliberate on customer service and the
initiatives undertaken by the Bank for enhancing the same.
The Bank complies with the Customer Rights Policy which
enshrines the basic rights of customers. These rights
include Right to Fair Treatment; Right to Transparency,
Fair and Honest Dealing; Right to Suitability; Right to
Privacy; Right to Grievance Redress and Compensation.
These policies are available on the Bank s website.
The Bank aims to treat its customers fairly and provide
transparency across its offerings. Continuous customer
education efforts are made to enable customers to
make informed choices regarding banking products and
services. The Bank also seeks to ensure that the products
offered are based on an assessment of the customer s
financial needs.
By
listening,
empathising
resolving
complaints, the Bank stays committed to strengthening
customer relationships, learning and improving from
each less than ideal customer experience.
The Bank has made IT easy and seamless for customers
to raise complaints through multiple channels including
the business centres, voice and digital channels. Each
complaint is treated as a valuable learning opportunity,
enabling us to refine our processes and elevate the
customer experience. We remain committed to a culture
of responsiveness, where customer feedback and insights
from complaints serve as catalysts for continuous
improvement. This commitment remains a cornerstone of
our mission to deliver a banking experience built on trust,
reliability and customer-centric service.
The Bank has a well-defined and comprehensive
grievance redressal mechanism, to provide resolution to
customers with clear turnaround times. All complaints
received by the Bank are recorded in a Customer
Relationship Management (CRM) system and tracked
for end-to-end resolution. The Bank has an escalation
matrix built in the CRM system to ensure that customer
requirements
appropriately
addressed
within
stipulated timelines. Detailed root cause analysis
(RCAs) of the issues highlighted in customer feedback,
complaints, etc. are conducted and insights from
same are implemented to improve the products and
processes and enhance the services of the Bank.
Further, the Bank has appointed senior retired bankers
as Internal Ombudsmen of the Bank. The Customer
Service Committee of the Board, the Standing
Committee on Customer Service and the business centre
level Customer Service Committees monitor customer
service at different levels.
CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT
BEYOND BANKING
Personal finance can often feel overwhelming and
complex from a customer s perspective. Recognising this
aspect and the growing need for financial education,
the Bank launched a unique digital initiative - The
Orange Book. This monthly e-magazine was designed
to empower customers to make informed financial
decisions. Through contextual examples, infographics,
interactive games and puzzles, the Orange Book makes
personal finance accessible and engaging.
Since its inception, IT has covered a wide range of
topics, from basics such as the power of compounding
and building an emergency fund to more advanced
themes such as goal-based investing, tax-saving
strategies, succession planning, including nomination and
will writing.
IT also plays a crucial role in continuously educating
customers about emerging financial frauds. The initiative
has been well-received and continues to build financial
confidence among its readers.
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
Annual Report 2024-25 | 39
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY
The Bank is committed to protecting the privacy of
individuals whose personal data IT holds and processing
such personal data in a way that is consistent with
applicable laws. IT is important for employees and
businesses to protect customer data and follow the
applicable privacy laws in India and overseas locations
to ensure safety and security of data. We believe that
the data privacy framework should be aligned to the
evolving regulatory changes and digital transformation.
The Bank has a presence in several jurisdictions
outside India including Hong Kong, Singapore, United
States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, China,
Dubai International Financial Centre and Bahrain.
The Bank is committed to ensuring compliance with
applicable laws across these jurisdictions. IT has an
integrated and centralised strategy for achieving
data privacy compliance across all jurisdictions. A
set of principles have been defined with respect to
handling customer data. There is a mechanism in
place, which is accessible to all employees in the
Bank, for reporting any form of personal data incident.
The Personal Data Incident Handling Forum (PDIHF)
comprises the Data Protection Officer (DPO) and
senior
members
Information
Security
Group, Operational Risk Management Group, Fraud
Management Group, Human Resources Management
Group, Compliance Group and Legal Group. Any kind
of personal data related incidents reported through the
service request undergoes detailed investigation and a
report is presented to PDIHF at monthly intervals.
As per the Personal Data Protection Standards of the
Bank, IT ensures that all personal data IT processes
is kept secure using appropriate technical and
organisational measures, including necessary policies,
processes and controls which includes physical access
control, encryption, data protection impact assessment
and providing training to the Bank s employees. The
Bank periodically updates the Personal Data Protection
Standard to cover the personal data protection
regulatory requirements as applicable to the Bank in
India and its overseas offices to reflect the changes in
data protection laws and regulations.
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK

DECEMBER 2024 | VOL. 42
ORANGE
BOOK
THE
Invest Wisely.
Harvest Prosperity.
JANUARY 2025 | VOL. 44

NOVEMBER 2024 | VOL. 42
&
LOOK
FORWARD
From reflection to action

REWIND
ORANGE
BOOK
THE

MARCH 2025 | VOL. 46
ORANGE
BOOK
THE
Small Wings, Big Impact
The Orange Book is a monthly e-magazine that educates customers about personal finance in a simple and easy-to-
understand manner.
40 | Annual Report 2024-25

Privacy regulations require the personal data of
customers to be protected throughout the entire life cycle.
Accordingly,
Bank
has
undertaken
several
comprehensive
measures
such
as
categorising
all personal data and sensitive personal data as
Confidential Information , keeping record of all its
processing activities, entering into non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements with employees and third
parties who are privy to personal data of the customers
and providing customers the option to exercise various
rights which they enjoy under applicable data protection
regulations and incident handling procedures.
There are e-learning modules specifically on the concept
of personal data and its protection to build awareness
among employees. Periodic trainings are provided, and
various data privacy awareness initiatives are taken
up by the Data Privacy team for employees to help them
get an overview of data privacy and its importance in
day-to-day work. Periodic mailers are also sent to the
employees to create awareness about data privacy.
The Bank has established a governance framework for
data privacy management. The Bank s Data Protection
Officer (DPO) oversees all privacy related developments
for the Bank as a data processor for international
banking business and as a data controller/data fiduciary
for its banking activities in India. A Privacy Steering
Committee, oversees various privacy-related initiatives.
Further, the Bank s Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics includes guidelines on customer privacy and
confidentiality of data.
FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK
Annual Report 2024-25 | 41
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
As a financial intermediary, the Bank is exposed to
various risks, primarily credit risk, market risk, liquidity
risk, operational risk, technology risk, cyber risk, third-
party risk, compliance risk, legal risk and reputation risk.
The Bank is committed to managing material risks and
participating in opportunities as part of the strategic
approach of risk-calibrated growth in profit before
tax excluding treasury. The Board of Directors of the
Bank has oversight on all risks in the Bank with specific
committees of the Board constituted to facilitate
focussed oversight. Most Board-level committees are
chaired by Independent Directors and there is adequate
representation of Independent Directors on each of these
committees. The Board has framed specific mandate
for each of these committees. The proceedings and the
decision taken by these committees are reported to the
Board. The policies approved by the Board of Directors
or committees of the Board, from time to time constitute
the governing framework within which business activities
are undertaken.
Several groups and sub-groups have been constituted
to facilitate independent evaluation, monitoring and
reporting of risks. These groups function independently of
the business groups.
The Risk Management Group is further organised
into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk
Management Group, Operational Risk Management
Group
Financial
Crime
Prevention
Group.
The Group is headed by the Chief Risk Officer who
reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors.
The Bank also has Information Security Group for
managing cyber and information security risks.
The roles of specific committees of the Board constituted
to facilitate focussed oversight of various risks are:

Credit Committee: Approval of credit proposals as
per the authorisation approved by the Board and
review of developments in key industrial sectors,
non-performing
loans,
accounts
watch,
incremental sanctions, non-fund based exposures,
unsecured portfolio, capital market exposures,
commercial real estate exposures, retail exposures,
exposures to top business groups etc.

Audit Committee: Provides direction to the audit
function and monitors the quality of internal and
statutory audit; responsibilities include examining
the financial statements and auditors report and
overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure
fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial
statements.

Information
Technology
Strategy
Committee
Approve strategy for IT and policy documents,
review performance with reference to IT & IS Key
Risk Indicators (KRIs) and conduct periodic review
of KRIs to ensure coverage of IT & IS risks, ensure
that the IT strategy is aligned with business
strategy, ensure proper balance of IT investments
for sustaining the Bank s growth, oversee the
aggregate funding of IT at Bank-level, ascertain
if the management has resources to ensure the
proper management of IT risks, review contribution
of IT to business, oversee the activities of Digital
Council, review technology from a future readiness
perspective, overseeing key projects progress and
critical IT systems performance including review
of IT capacity requirements and adequacy and
effectiveness of Business Continuity Management
and Disaster Recovery, review of special IT initiatives,
review cyber risk, consider the RBI inspection
report/directives received from time to time by
the Bank in the areas of information technology
and cybersecurity and to review the compliance
of various actionables arising out of such reports/
directives as may be deemed necessary from time
to time and review deployment of skilled resources
within Technology and Information Security function
so as to ensure effective and efficient deliveries.

Risk Committee: Review risk management policies
pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational,
outsourcing, reputation risks, business continuity
plan and disaster recovery plan. The functions of
the committee also include setting limits for industry
Focussed on responsible and sustainable growth, the Bank continuously endeavours to
maintain effective governance, risk culture and enterprise risk management framework.
42 | Annual Report 2024-25

or country, review the Bank s Enterprise Risk
Management Framework, Risk Appetite Framework,
Stress Testing Framework, Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process and Framework for Capital
Allocation. In addition, the Risk Committee reviews
risk dashboard covering various risks. The Bank has
put in place an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
and Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) that articulates
the risk appetite and drills the same down into a limit
framework for various risk categories under which
various business lines operate. In addition to the
ERM and RAF, portfolio reviews are carried out and
presented to the Credit and Risk Committees as per
the approved calendar of reviews.
The Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
(ICAAP)
encompasses
capital
planning
four-year time horizon, assessment of material risks
and the relationship between risk and capital. Stress
testing, which is a key aspect of the ICAAP and the risk
management framework, provides an insight on the
impact of extreme but plausible scenarios on the Bank s
risk profile and capital position.
The Internal Audit Group, being the third line of defence,
provides independent assurance that the aforesaid
independent
groups
monitoring
risks
Bank, are operating in line with policies, regulations and
internal standards defined for management of the various
risks in the Bank.
The Compliance Group, headed by the Group Chief
Compliance Officer, oversees regulatory compliance of
the Bank, both at the policy and procedures level and
at the level of implementation by the respective groups.
The Group has unrestricted access to information
within the Bank to assess compliance with the
regulatory guidelines.
The Compliance Group and the Internal Audit Group
report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
The Group Chief Compliance Officer also reports to
the MD & CEO of the Bank. The Risk Management Group
reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors.
The Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit
Groups have administrative reporting to the Executive
Director responsible for Corporate Centre.
With
increasing
digitisation,
ensuring
effective
management and governance of data has become a
critical business enabler. To further strengthen data
quality, data standardisation and governance around
data, a Chief Data Officer (CDO) was appointed in
fiscal 2023. The role of the CDO includes creating the
governance and processes around data generation
and processing and compliance with regulations for
customer data captured by the Bank. The CDO is also
responsible for implementation of the Bank s Data
Governance Policy.
CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE
Cyber risk management is a key component of the risk
management framework. In response to the evolving
threat landscape, the Bank has established a dedicated
Information Security Group (ISG) responsible for cyber
and information risk management.
Cybersecurity has multi-level oversight governance, with
the Board of Directors holding ultimate responsibility.
Regular updates are provided by the Information
Security Group (ISG) of the Bank. Executive Committees,
composed of cross-functional members, operate under
clearly defined terms of reference and report their
proceedings to the IT Strategy Committee.
The Bank maintains a comprehensive suite of policies
including
Information
Security
Policy,
Cyber
Security Policy and Information Security Standards and
Procedures. These are based on global and domestic
regulatory frameworks and industry standards, including:
RBI Cyber Security Framework, NCIIPC Guidelines for
Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, FFIEC
Cybersecurity Assessment Tool, SEBI Cyber Security and
Independent Groups for Monitoring Risks

Risk Management Group

Compliance Group

Internal Audit Group

Information Security Group
RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Annual Report 2024-25 | 43
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

Resilience Framework, IRDA Guidelines on Information
and Cyber Security, Framework for Reporting of Unusual
Cyber Security Incidents, NIST Cybersecurity Framework.
In jurisdictions outside India, the Bank also complies with
relevant local regulatory requirements.
Cyber risk is monitored through multiple Key Risk
Indicators (KRIs) and dashboards. A 24x7 Security
Operations Centre (SOC) enables real-time monitoring
and threat detection, while periodic internal and
external audits help strengthen controls.
To safeguard sensitive information, the Bank has
implemented a Data Loss Prevention (DLP) system
covering
endpoints,
emails
web
gateways.
The Bank s Data Centre and SOC are ISO 27001 certified,
underscoring our commitment to maintaining enhanced
cybersecurity and data protection standards.
Through high-standard of governance, proactive risk
management, and a culture of security awareness,
the Bank aims to safeguard stakeholder interests and
reinforce resilience in an increasingly digital environment.
RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Board
Sub-Committees
IT Strategy
Committee
Risk
Committee
Audit
Committee
Executive
Committees
Board of Directors
Governance Structure for Information Technology
Information
Technology (IT)
Steering
Committee
Information &
Cybersecurity
Committee
Business
Continuity
Management
(BCM) Steering
Committee
44 | Annual Report 2024-25

Controls for IT Infrastructure
y Application Security Life
Cycle (ASLC), Vulnerability
Assessment and Penetration
Testing (VAPT), Antivirus,
Vendor Risk
y Assessment, Firewall,
Intrusion Detection
System (IDS)
y Access Management
y Distributed Denial of Service
(DDoS) Mitigation
y Network Segmentation
y Endpoint Protection
y Patch Management
y Secure Configuration Baseline
Security Operation Centre
(SOC) Monitoring
Web Application Firewall
Network Operation Centre
(NOC) Monitoring
RED Teaming Exercises
Extended Detection and
Response
Attack Surface Management
y Incident Response Plan
y Cyber Crisis
Management Plan
(CCMP)
y Forensic Agreements
with Partners
y Automated Incident
Response (SOAR)
Preventive Control
Detective Control
Responsive Control
PARTICIPATION IN EXTERNAL
CYBERATTACK SIMULATIONS
The Bank places emphasis on continuous preparedness
to counter evolving cyber threats. As part of this
commitment,
Bank
conducts
participates in a range of cybersecurity attack simulation
exercises, including:

Spear phishing simulations targeting employees to
strengthen user awareness.

Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack drills
involving Internet Service Providers (ISPs).

Social engineering simulations to test physical
security at critical infrastructure sites such as data
centres.
These exercises are integral to evaluate the Bank s
detection and response capabilities, as well as reinforcing
a culture of cyber vigilance across the organisation.
To ensure operational resilience, the Bank regularly
conducts Business Continuity Planning (BCP) and
Disaster Recovery (DR) drills. These exercises assess
the Bank s ability to maintain critical business functions
and minimise disruption to people, processes and
infrastructure during unforeseen events. The effectiveness
of the DR framework is periodically validated against
defined Recovery Time Objectives (RTOs).
With rapid digitisation and the increasing sophistication
of cyber threats, timely response to incidents is crucial.
The Bank has established a dedicated Cybersecurity
Incident Response Team (CSIRT) that operates in line
with a well-defined Incident Response Plan (IRP). The
CSIRT is equipped to respond swiftly and effectively to
security incidents, limiting potential impact and ensuring
continuity of critical services.
The Bank remains committed to safeguarding customer
trust. As such, data protection is treated with the same
priority as the quality of banking services delivered.
Proactive awareness campaigns are regularly conducted
to educate customers on secure practices when using
digital channels.
There were no material incidents of security breaches or
data loss during fiscal 2025.
RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Annual Report 2024-25 | 45
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
GOVERNANCE (ESG)
During fiscal 2025, the Bank made steady progress
across ESG dimensions, with targeted action towards
strengthening practices and reinforcing its journey
towards meeting sustainability goals. The Bank focussed
on enhancing data management, and enabling more
efficient tracking of key metrics, including alignment
with disclosure frameworks. The focus was on aligning
sustainability actions with the overall business priorities
and regulatory expectations. The Risk Committee
and the Board reviewed material ESG matters during
fiscal 2025, and were provided updates on progress
made on ESG-related initiatives at the Bank.
Overarching Environmental, Social and Governance Policy
Broad Focus Areas
y Responsible Financing
y Environmental Sensitivity in the Bank s Operations
y Customers
y Employees
y Society
y Corporate Governance
y Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Governance Framework
y Stakeholder Engagement and Accountability
Policy Available on the Bank s Website
Governance Structure
Board of Directors -
Annual Update
Risk Committee - Semi
Annual Reporting
ESG Steering Committee -
Quarterly Meetings
Dedicated Team within CFO s Office
Team Tracks ESG and CSR Initiatives
ESG RATINGS
The ESG practices of the Bank are evaluated by external
rating agencies like Sustainalytics and MSCI. The ESG
score by Sustainalytics improved from 22.5 (Medium
Risk category) to 18.9 (Low Risk category) during
fiscal 2025 and the rating by MSCI was maintained at
A. Based on BRSR and other public disclosures, some
SEBI-approved ESG rating providers in India have also
started publishing ESG scores/ratings for the Bank.
The scores ranged from 69 to 76 on a scale of 100.
ESG Governance
RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
46 | Annual Report 2024-25

Introduced a digital tool to streamline ESG data management, enable calculation of emissions across
all categories, monitoring of targets and reporting.

Meeting the goal of carbon neutrality in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in own operations by 2032
was an ongoing priority. As an interim step towards offsetting emissions, the Bank purchased
International Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs) equivalent to 11,000 MWh. The underlying
renewable power for the certificates was a mix of wind and solar energy. Including I-RECs, the
proportion of renewable energy in total electricity consumed from grid and solar sources was 38% in
fiscal 2025.

The Bank s aggregate Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (excluding I-RECs) increased by 16%
during fiscal 2025, primarily due to intensive heatwaves experienced in Northern India leading
to higher electricity consumption, and the expansion of office space during the year in line with
business strategy.

The Bank introduced Atmospheric Water Generators (AWG) at four more locations during the year.
This facility is now available at five large premises of the Bank, with potential to generate 8,000 litres
of potable water per day.

Several initiatives have been taken towards reducing paper consumption and converting to recycled
paper. The Bank increasingly procures BIS Eco Mark-certified A4 paper. Over 79% of pre-printed
forms used at business centres are FSC-certified recycled paper.

Occupational health and safety measures were strengthened by enhancing risk assessments,
safety training and incident reporting mechanisms. Three new locations were certified for ISO 45001
during fiscal 2025, taking the total count to 21 premises like large offices, call centres, data centres,
learning centre and staff quarters.

The Bank is working towards better identification and management of risks relating to ESG and
climate. This involved identifying and consolidating data required to assess financed emissions.
The scope for the checklist for capturing borrower-level data on ESG/climate was expanded to 20
sectors from 16 sectors.

Through continuous engagement with internal stakeholders like employees and value chain
partners, the Bank is taking steps to enhance awareness about ESG and capabilities of key teams
were enhanced through sessions by external agencies and workshops by regulators.
More details are available in the Bank s ESG Report and Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for
fiscal 2025 on the Bank s website.
ESG-related Developments during Fiscal 2025
RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Annual Report 2024-25 | 47
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

RESPONDING TO RISKS
AND OPPORTUNITIES
The Bank has a comprehensive process to identify and
monitor risks and respond appropriately. The Bank
continuously reviews and enhances the methods for
identification and assessment of risks, sets appropriate
metrics and controls, and mitigants for managing
significant risks.
In fiscal 2025, the Bank continued to monitor the risks IT
is exposed to, including economic, credit, market, liquidity
and operational risks. Apart from these traditional risks,
the Bank is also cognisant of emerging new-age risks due
to climate change. The Bank has initiated steps to embed
climate risk assessment and climate risk management as
part of the Bank s risk management framework.
The Bank has formulated a Climate Risk Management
Framework (CRMF) for integration of climate risk into
overall risk management framework and IT guides
on identifying and assessing the impact of both
physical and transitional risks on the lending portfolio.
The framework will undergo periodic reviews to
ensure alignment with available regulatory climate
risk guidance, reflecting the evolving understanding
and assessment of climate risk. The Bank has also been
participating in policymaking by providing inputs and
supporting the regulator in assessing impact of climate
change risks on specific sectors.
Risk Type
Key Risks
Our Response
Understanding and responding proactively to risk and opportunities enables the Bank
to safeguard its financial stability and resilience.
Economic Risk
Volatile economic environment driven by
changing global monetary policy stance,
uncertain global trade environment driven by
US tariffs and geopolitical tensions.
Continuous monitoring developments in the
global and Indian economy including country
risk, sector-specific risks and responding
accordingly. Periodic reviews at Risk and
Credit Committees.
Credit Risk
Uncertainties
pertaining
elevated
geopolitical risks, uncertain global trade
environment driven by US tariffs, continuing
high interest rates for longer periods though
with changing monetary policy stance and
weak global growth outlook across the world
posed challenges for customers.
Ensuring effective risk management across
business segments, close monitoring of the
portfolios for early identification of assets
watch,
strengthening
ongoing
reviews
stress
testing;
maintaining
healthy capital and liquidity positions, which are
well above regulatory requirements.
Market and
Liquidity Risk
Risks posed by changing monetary policy
stance, tighter liquidity conditions for a
substantial portion of the year and exchange
rate movements.
Comprehensive policies and periodic reviews
at
level
Board
committees;
strategic
priority
towards
asset
liability
management and strengthening the Bank s
liability franchise.
48 | Annual Report 2024-25

Operational Risk
A disruption on account of information
technology failures, internal/external frauds,
execution/delivery process errors, model errors
or third-party dependencies.
Effective risk management policies in the
area of operational risk, information technology
risk, third-party dependencies, model risk along
with regular review and reporting/analysis of
loss incidents. The Bank continues to focus on
simplifying processes and platforms to minimise
operational risk. The Bank is also working on
rationalisation of product variants to simplify
the customer offerings and to ensure efficient
delivery mechanism.
Cyber Risk
Growing threat of cyberattacks combined
increasing
digitisation
banking
products
services
could
expose
the Bank to security risks. The Bank also
leverages partnerships with third parties and
these could also be a source for information
security risks.
The Bank continues to strengthen its cyber
defences, conduct regular risk assessments,
and maintain proactive oversight to ensure
resilience
internal
systems
external partnerships. The Bank has laid
emphasis on data privacy and data loss
prevention mechanisms.
Technology Risk
The
growing
dependence
digital
rising
volumes of such transactions requires banks to
focus on the resilience, availability, scalability
and security of our systems. Misalignment
between business and IT strategies is a risk.
The
Bank
proactively
investing
technology and improving its response to
changing technological dynamics. The cross-
functional
co-ordination
Board-level
oversight ensures that information technology
strategy is aligned with the business strategy
with appropriate policies and control frameworks.
The Bank has been investing in observability
platforms which are critical towards ensuring
preventive and proactive responses across
application and infrastructure landscape. The
Bank s IT systems were stable and largely
uninterrupted during fiscal 2025.
Employee Risk
Retention of employees and ability to attract
and motivate talented professionals is critical
for the successful implementation of the Bank s
strategy and competing effectively.
Provide opportunity for job rotation and enhance
career growth and development; employee well-
being and upskilling are key priorities along with
continuous reiteration of expected standards of
conduct.
Compliance Risk
As a domestic systemically important bank
(D-SIB), compliance with regulations and
preparedness to evolving regulatory landscape
is a key priority for the Bank.
The Bank has established well-articulated
policies and controls to ensure compliance with
laws and regulations. Continuous evaluation and
updating the policies and processes is done to
remain relevant and compliant. An enhanced
compliance
culture
driven
Bank s
leadership is enabling timely action.
Risk Type
Key Risks
Our Response
RESPONDING TO RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Annual Report 2024-25 | 49
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The Bank factors in stakeholder views in determining sustainability topics most material
to its business.
Materiality assessment is an important step to recognise
and prioritise the environmental, social, and governance
(ESG) issues most relevant to the Bank s business and
its stakeholders. Given the changing landscape, evolving
regulatory environment and changes in stakeholder
priorities, the Bank re-examined the key ESG-related
material topics to identify priority areas considered
important by its stakeholders. The previous materiality
assessment was conducted in fiscal 2022.
The approach involved compiling a list of potential
material
topics
benchmarking
them
against
international standards and frameworks such as Global
Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB), and Dow Jones Sustainability
Index (DJSI). Similar to the previous assessment, we also
conducted a benchmarking with leading industry peers
to ensure completeness of our ESG focus areas. This
was followed by shortlisting the potential topics to be
considered for seeking feedback from stakeholders.
The feedback on perceived importance of each material
topic was sought through a materiality survey shared
with stakeholders comprising employees, customers,
investors, vendors and industry partners, to gather
feedback.
Identifying universe
of relevant ESG topics
Analysis and
prioritisation of topics
Shortlisting
potential topics
Stakeholder
engagement
Stakeholder
identification
The Five-step Approach Adopted for Assessing Material Issues
The Bank identified 14 material topics for feedback from stakeholders. Of these, 10 topics were shortlisted that
were considered most relevant for sustainable long-term growth of the Bank.
50 | Annual Report 2024-25

Improving customer
experience and satisfaction

Effective risk

Digital innovation
and technology
Environmental
Social
Governance
1.
Carbon emissions and resource
efficiency in own operations
2.
Sustainable and responsible
finance
3.
Community well-being
4.
Customer fairness and
transparency
5.
Employee practices
6.
Grievance redressal
mechanism for stakeholders
like customers and employees
7.
Improving customer experience
and satisfaction
8.
Leadership development and
succession planning
9.
Supporting financial inclusion
10. Corporate governance and
compliance with regulations
and laws
11. Cybersecurity & data
protection
12. Digital innovation & technology
13. Effective risk management
14. Financial performance
Carbon emissions and
resource efficiency in the
Bank's own operations

Corporate governance
and compliance with
regulations and laws

Cybersecurity and
data protection
Financial
performance

Customer fairness
and transparency

Employee practices

Leadership development
and succession planning
The Top 10 Topics
Identified by the
Bank as Material for
Assessing Risks and
Opportunities
For more details, refer to the Bank s ESG report on the website.
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
Annual Report 2024-25 | 51
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

HUMAN CAPITAL
In a rapidly evolving financial landscape, human capital
remains a valuable asset in banking. While technology
continues to transform how we operate, IT is the
knowledge, integrity and adaptability of our people that
drives sustainable growth, deepens customer trust and
helps the Bank to innovate. For us, investing in human
capital is much more than a strategic choice - IT s part
of our culture. As part of the One Bank, One Team
philosophy, the Bank leverages its human capital to
deliver unparalleled customer value. The Bank s human
capital strategy is underpinned by Fair Compensation,
Learning and Growth, and Care, fostering a workforce
that is customer-centric, innovative and agile. This
strategy supports the Bank s mission by capitalising on
micromarket and ecosystem opportunities. Employees are
empowered to identify business prospects and innovate
within risk and compliance guardrails. By increasing
leadership depth in key markets, the Bank ensures
closer
integration,
enabling
better
understanding of micromarket needs.
The principles of the organisational design of the
Bank are aligned to the Bank s business approach.
The structure allows employees across teams to
collaborate for delivering customer needs. The Bank s
approach to structure is centred around the customer
and serving business needs in a holistic manner.
This also involves reducing organisational silos and
decentralising decision-making closer to the customer
while empowering frontline teams within the guardrails
of risk and compliance.
FAIR COMPENSATION
The Bank follows a prudent compensation framework
under the guidance of the Board of Directors and
the Board Governance Remuneration and Nomination
Committee (BGRNC) in line with RBI guidelines. The
compensation philosophy rewards team performance,
driving
meritocracy
within
comprehensive
risk
management framework. Compensation comprises fixed
pay, reflecting role responsibilities, and variable pay,
including cash bonuses and share-linked instruments.
The variable component, tied to the One Bank, One
Team ethos, rewards collective Bank performance, while
share-linked instruments, reflect individual potential and
role criticality. During fiscal 2025, the Bank deepened the
number of employees who were allotted share-linked
compensation to around 20,769 employees. Compensation
for assurance functions (Risk, Compliance, Internal Audit)
is linked to function-specific outcomes, independent of
business areas overseen.
RECRUITMENT
ICICI Bank s recruitment strategy is designed to
attract and onboard top talent aligned with its cultural
framework
organisational
ethos.
The
Bank s
philosophy of hire for attitude, train for skill emphasises
cultural fit and adaptability, using tools such as
personality inventories to assess behavioural preferences
and alignment with Bank s values. iUniverse, a digital-
first recruitment tool, offers a seamless experience from
application to onboarding. Candidates can apply for
roles, track application progress in real-time, and access
support via integrated chat, email, and call channels.
The Bank s industry-academia partnerships through
initiatives such as ICICI Manipal Academy ensure a
systematic development of job-ready talent. Programs
such as the Probationary Officers Program and Ascend
Program induct fresh graduates, while selective market
hiring brings in experienced professionals for specialised
roles in technology and data sciences.
In fiscal 2025, the Bank has commenced a new initiative
at graduate level called ICICI Bank Aspire program which
will impart skills around trade and current account related
products in addition to relationship management and
other asset and liabilities products. The industry academia
initiatives will continue to be a mainstay of the Bank s
talent development program. In addition to the industry
academia program, various graduate, management,
Chartered Accountancy and engineering campuses form
another important part of inducting talent into the Bank.
Building Team ICICI is centred on deploying a culturally aligned workforce with right
attitude, skills and seva bhaav , to deliver business strategy.
52 | Annual Report 2024-25

LEARNING AND GROWTH
The Bank s Customer-360 approach requires employees
possess
multi-product
expertise
cross-
functional skills. To this end, the Bank has invested
significantly in learning and development delivering
over 10 million learning hours in fiscal 2025, averaging
around 10 learning days per employee. The Bank has
a capability building architecture spanning across
functional training, leadership development, digital skilling
and class-room part of industry-academia collaborations
to equip employees with the required skillsets.
Industry Academia Partnerships
Collaborations
leading
academic
institutions
provide a steady supply of skilled talent. The ICICI Bank
Probationary Officers Program (12 months duration)
develops first-level managers, while the Post Graduate
Programme in Relationship Management (21 days)
builds expertise in sales and relationship management at
front-line level. The ICICI Young Leaders Program (YLP),
a 12-month career acceleration pathway for graduates
to move into managerial roles. The Ascend Programme
inducts graduates from top-tier institutes, and the
Business
Leadership
Program
provides
12-month certification in securities markets.
Customer-360o Program
The
mandatory
Customer-360
Program
equips
relationship
managers
holistic
engagement mindset. Covering product knowledge, digital
propositions, compliance, and scenario-based customer
interactions, the program is offered to relationship
managers across departments. Advanced modules in
trade products, business banking and asset products
further deepen expertise, enabling employees to address
complex customer needs.
Risk and Compliance Workshops
The Bank conducts workshops to strengthen the
Bank s risk and compliance culture. In 2025, about
31,000 employees participated in sessions emphasising
decision-making within the Bank s risk framework.
These workshops, integrated into the Branch Leadership
Program, reinforce application of these framework
at the level of business centres.
ICICI Business Leadership
Program - PG Certificate
in Securities Market
Program designed to develop
professionals for securities
markets
ICICI Bank
Young Leaders Program
YLP - Acceleration program
for employees
ICICI Bank Probationary
Officer Program
Program designed to develop a
pool of first level managers with
banking knowledge and required
skill sets
Ascend & Aspire
Program for graduates
Post Graduate Program in
Relationship Management
Program designed to
develop a cadre of banking
professionals adept in sales
HUMAN CAPITAL
Industry Academia Initiatives
Annual Report 2024-25 | 53
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

Business Centre Program
This Program trains new branch managers and deputy
branch
managers
Customer-360 ,
micromarket
strategies, branch profitability, service orientation and
operating within the risk and compliance norms of
the Bank. In 2025, the program trained around 2,500
business centre leaders, incorporating Customer-360
senior
interactions
fostering
strategic alignment.
Functional Academies
Functional academies deliver tailored training across
various domains such as retail banking, credit, operations,
business banking, wholesale banking and transaction
banking, etc.
Digital Academy
The Digital Academy supports the Bank to BankTech
strategy, skilling employees in API and microservices,
cloud
computing,
data
engineering,
Artificial
Intelligence, Cybersecurity, and UI/UX Design. The
PRISM programme emphasising hands-on learning
through virtual labs. The Bank has also conducted
Cybersecurity programs covering infrastructure security
and digital forensics, to mitigate digital and security
risks in partnership with reputed institutions.
Leadership Development
Leadership Development programs and Leadership
Engagement Sessions are conducted on a regular basis
at the Bank. The focus of the leadership development
initiatives is to reiterate the cultural framework of
ICICI Bank. The Bank provides exposure to leadership
team employees through investor forums, post board
engagement sessions and a leadership program called
Leading - the ICICI way .
The Ignite series is an ongoing initiative designed to
keep the employees abreast with breakthroughs in the
domains such as leadership, digital transformation,
data science and behavioural economics. The sessions
provide an opportunity to teams to engage with domain
experts and thought leaders in these areas. ICICI Bank
also partners with thought-leaders across a wide
spectrum of fields ranging from academia, management
to sports, to engage with and build leadership
perspectives. Under the umbrella of Leadership Academy,
the Bank organises formal leadership development
programmes on identified themes such as Leadership,
Technology, Data Science and Design Thinking.
Learning Assessment
The Learning Matrix platform administers application-
oriented assessments with an 80% passing criterion.
The data from learning assessments is used by the
Bank for refining training content and for giving feedback
to our internal facilitators.
Academic Councils
To periodically review and align learning content and
design, the Bank has constituted academic councils, to
review the alignment of the existing content in view of
evolving business needs.
Job Rotation and Moving Across Roles
At ICICI Bank, job rotation is not only a tool to manage
risks but also a potent tool to help employees acquire
new skills. The Bank s approach to job rotation provides
avenues to every employee to take-up new roles
without restricting to a specific role. The Bank is skilling
its workforce by giving cross-functional opportunities
so that employees are fully equipped to cater to the
360 banking requirements of the customers. Across
levels, IT is imperative for employees to have a wider
perspective and knowledge of all banking products.
Succession Planning
The Bank has institutionalised a succession planning
and leadership development initiative to identify and
groom leaders for next level roles. The Bank has a defined
succession planning process which, through the Senior
Management Cover Index (SMCI), closely tracks the depth
of leadership bench at the senior management positions.
The Bank has an adequate and experienced bench
for key positions and for critical leadership roles.
HUMAN CAPITAL
54 | Annual Report 2024-25

CARE
Employees
central
Bank s
growth,
supported by an inclusive, meritocratic workplace
imbibing Officer Like Qualities (OLQ) such as respect,
humility and learning. A 24x7 emergency helpline and
Quick Response Teams (QRTs) with GPS-enabled
vehicles provide immediate crisis support. This helpline
facility has, over the years, provided crucial support
to employees and their immediate family members
during exigencies.
To facilitate quick medical attention for employees in
medical emergencies, the Bank has tie-ups with leading
hospitals across various cities to ensure prompt medical
care, complemented by group insurance schemes
and a Parental Insurance Scheme.
The Bank s philosophy of meritocracy and equal
opportunity has led to a significant number of key
positions being held by women employees over the last
two decades. Conscious of life stage needs and safety
of women employees, a range of benefits and policies
have been curated. Policies for women include maternity,
childcare, adoption and fertility leave, alongside a Travel
Accompaniment Policy. The Bank also provides support
for children with special needs.
The
Bank s
framework
Prevention
Sexual
harassment adheres to the 2013 Act. The Bank has
created awareness about the Act through mandatory
e-learning at the time of induction. The Bank also
regularly communicates with employees regarding the
mechanism for raising complaints and the need for right
conduct by all employees. The policy ensures that all
such complaints are handled promptly and effectively
with utmost sensitivity and confidentiality and are
resolved within defined timelines.
For other workplace issues, the Bank has a structured
mechanism for resolution. The iCare provides employees
with a platform to deal with their queries and concerns.
EMPLOYEE CONNECT AND
ENGAGEMENT
Open communication is fostered through Leadership
Engagement Sessions, quarterly updates on Bank s
performance, sessions called Conversation sessions and
I-Engage onboarding program.
The Bank s senior management regularly engages
with employees physically and virtually to emphasise
the Bank s cultural anchors including ethical conduct,
adherence to regulations and compliance. Business centre
visits are also an important part of the communication
agenda. Employees are also kept updated on the
strategy and performance and progress of the Bank
through quarterly engagement by the Executive Director.
Through initiatives such as Conversation sessions,
supervisors and HR managers engage with their teams
and new joiners on a regular basis. They cover different
areas such as ICICI Bank s culture, importance of respect
and dignity in all engagements, and abiding by internal
policy commitments on diversity and human rights.
Onboarding sessions are conducted by Business and
HR managers to induct all new hires to the Bank s culture
and systems.
HUMAN CAPITAL
Empowering Women Employees

Child Care Leave

Adoption Leave

Fertility Leave

Maternity Leave

Travel Accompaniment
Annual Report 2024-25 | 55
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

iCare Service platform
The Bank has also set in place an employee service
platform to ensure that quick resolution and assistance
is available to all employees around people process
related queries and service requests & grievances.
Known as iCare, this platform integrates multi-channel
support, servicing queries with timely resolution and
no drop-off. By harnessing the power of AI, the iCare
platform also has a well-trained chatbot, allowing a
significant proportion employee requests to be handled
automatically. Employees can avail these services
through email, phone or through the Bank s proprietary
platform - Universe on the Move.
DIGITAL@HR
iUniverse
To make the candidate experience seamless, the Bank
has created a digital careers platform called iUniverse
that provides aspirants a seamless experience from the
application stage to the onboarding stage. Candidates
can apply for relevant jobs at the click of a button and be
updated with real-time progress of their job application.
At any juncture, candidates can reach out for support -
through a comprehensive service platform integrating
chat, calls and emails offering a seamless journey to
aspiring ICICIans.
Universe on the Move (UOTM)
The UOTM platform has evolved into a comprehensive
business tool that is a companion across the entire
employee life cycle. Through API-based integration,
UOTM offers a host of services to employees and at the
same time ensures security and accessibility. Artificial
Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) technology
is used to provide customised user experience. The
services are deeply integrated with core platforms
such as Human Resource Management System and
Sales
CRM
(Customer
Relationship
Management).
Enhanced
features
include
geo-fencing
sign-in,
investment declarations, and business enablers such as
lead creation and approvals.
HR Services Anytime, Anywhere
Apply for leave, check payslips,
and more
Seamless Business
Transactions
Log customer leads efficiently
One-Stop Employee Services
Access most services at the tap of
a button
Business Approvals on the Go
Approve requests instantly
UNIVERSE ON
THE MOVE
HUMAN CAPITAL
SEVA BHAAV
56 | Annual Report 2024-25

For any learning-focussed organisation, constant skilling, re-skilling, up-skilling and capability building
are key factors to enable employees to serve evolving customer needs. The Learning Matrix is an
AI-enabled digital learning platform with a rich online library and with features such as social learning and
access to curated open content. This AI-powered platform recommends learning programmes and helps
curate content based on in-platform feedback. The Learning Matrix offers an intuitive and engaging learning
experience to employees on the go.
AI/ML
Functional Skill
Start Learning
iMobile Modules
Functional Skill
Start Learning
Data Science for
Practitioners
Functional Skill
Start Learning
Data Protection
Functional Skill
Start Learning
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
& MACHINE LEARNING
To access from Laptop/Desktop click
Go to Course below
Path for Learning Matrix mobile app:
UOTM > App Drawer > Learning Matrix
Learning Matrix
HUMAN CAPITAL
Annual Report 2024-25 | 57
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
The Bank recognises that sustainable value creation can be possible only through
responsible and transparent communication with stakeholders and trustworthy
conduct in all interactions.
The Bank continuously endeavours to understand the concerns and opinions expressed by stakeholders and
appropriately respond to them. The Bank holds regular interactions with customers, investors, employees, regulators and
engages with communities and relevant industry bodies to remain informed.
ENGAGING WITH OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS
Customers
We are committed to understanding the requirements and expectations of our customers, and continuously
engage with them to shape Customer-360 experiences.
How Do We Engage
We engage with customers through multiple channels
like our frontline employees, Net Promoter Score
surveys for seeking feedback on customer experience,
customer meets organised at business centres and
channels available for queries and grievances. Customer
representatives are also invited on a quarterly basis to
interact with the Customer Service Committee of the
Board.
Service aspects considered important by our customers:
Availability of relevant products and services
Convenience
Secure and simplified delivery of services
Responsive, skilled and considerate staff
Quick resolution of queries, requests raised and
grievance redressal
Our Response
The Bank has put in place mechanisms to ensure
customer needs are appropriately addressed and right-
selling of products and services is ensured. Reiterating
the principle of Fair to Customer, Fair to the Bank in
every communication to employees, the approach is to
only offer products that best meet the requirements of a
customer. In the past, the Bank has withdrawn products
that could potentially lead to mis-selling and customer
inconvenience. In line with the above principle, the
Bank has waived prepayment fee for certain products/
segments.
The Bank has a dedicated customer service team
focussed on improving process efficiency, reducing
customer effort and leveraging technology to enhance
customer experience and response time. This is
accompanied with continuous upskilling and knowledge
building of staff. The Bank strongly follows a policy of
zero tolerance to unethical conduct by employees.
58 | Annual Report 2024-25

Shareholders/Investors
Employees
We believe that engaging with our shareholders and investors is important to understand market priorities and
drive business outcomes that can lead to sustainable value-creation for all shareholders/investors.
Employees are the most important capital for the success of our strategy and growth of the organisation. We
believe in providing an inclusive workplace, driven by meritocracy and equal opportunities to all.
How Do We Engage
There is continuous engagement with our investors
and shareholders either at the annual general meeting,
during periodic conference calls, emails or one-to-one
interactions. The Bank also has mechanisms to address
queries and grievances of shareholders and investors.
Subjects considered important by shareholders /
investors:
Sustained value creation
Medium and long-term strategy
Governance and ethical practices
Compliance
Operational resilience
Transparency
Disclosure on non-financial metrics like ESG
Our Response
During fiscal 2025, the Bank continued to deliver
sustained return on capital to shareholders. The
Investor Relations team provides details on the
performance and strategic objectives of the Bank during
calls after quarterly result announcements. The team
endeavours to enhance disclosures in the investor
presentations on an ongoing basis depending on market
expectations and investors feedback. Continuous
engagement is ensured through meetings with the senior
management. The team also facilitates engagement
with investors on ESG-related topics, to provide them
with insights about the Bank s journey on sustainability
in its own operations and management of climate-
related financial risks.
How Do We Engage
Engagement with employees is through various platforms
including townhall sessions with directors, periodic
communication meetings and business centre visits by
senior leaders, videos to communicate with employees
through the employee app Universe on the Move, and
query raising portal.
Subjects considered important by our employees:
Enabling work culture with opportunities for growth
and learning
Meritocracy
Responsive grievance handling process
Our Response
The Bank believes in giving responsibility to young
capable employees and support them early in their
professional journey. Learning and skill development are
important value propositions provided to employees. The
focus of skill development initiatives is on functional and
behavioural learning including trends in IT, data privacy,
fraud management. Principles of diversity, equity and
inclusion are embedded in HR practices at the Bank.
Promoting job rotation and encouraging employees
to move across roles is helping the Bank in providing
career growth to employees. The fair compensation
policy aligns rewards with prudent risk taking. For care
and well-being of employees, relevant policies and
practices have been established. The Bank has a culture
where employees can raise issues freely, also enabled
online through I-Care , and can expect their grievances /
concerns to be handled in a sensitive manner.
For more details on the Bank s HR practices, please
refer to the Human Capital chapter on page 52 and
the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report.
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Annual Report 2024-25 | 59
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

Society
Regulator
The Bank is committed to contributing towards socio-economic development and, for the larger benefit of the
society, is undertaking corporate social responsibility activities across the length and breadth of the country.
Being a systemically important Bank in India, ensuring resilience and stability is important for the Bank.
How Do We Engage
The Bank set up its philanthropic arm, ICICI Foundation
for Inclusive Growth (ICICI Foundation), in 2008 for
identifying and addressing critical gaps in socio-economic
development, particularly in rural areas in India. The
approach involves engaging with credible institutions
and building their capacity to deliver impact through our
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) objectives.
As a large financial institution, the Bank also recognises
the importance of responsibly engaging with its value
chain partners.
Subjects considered important by the society:
The ICICI Foundation team extensively engages with local
authorities and institutions. The key asks have been to
address gaps in areas like affordable healthcare, water
shortage, ecological concerns, enhancing and supporting
livelihood and community development.
Our Response
During fiscal 2025, the Bank fulfilled its obligation of
`8.01 billion towards CSR in compliance with the CSR
rules under the Companies Act, 2013. The approach
to undertaking CSR activities includes adopting a
holistic approach to address developmental gaps
through capacity creation and designing comprehensive
solutions, to meet, needs of the ecosystem underpinned
by the objectives of sustainability and scalability.
Environment and healthcare were the major areas of
impact for the Bank s CSR activities during fiscal 2025.
The supplier code of conduct and also checklists on
ESG factors used at the time of onboarding value chain
partners provide the bases for engagements on
non-financial parameters, building awareness on
the need for adopting circularity, green procurement
standards and promoting social factors like human
rights and employee practices.
How Do We Engage
Our engagement with the regulators is ongoing, through
periodic meetings and other forms of communications
like emails, letters, etc. The Bank also participates
constructively in policy forums organised by regulators
and also responds to policy-related discussion papers
issued by regulators.
Subjects considered important by regulators:
Governance and building sound risk and compliance
culture
Fair treatment of customers and grievance redressal
Anti-money laundering and fraud risk
Operational and cyber resilience
Quality and timeliness of reporting data and
information
Our Response
The Bank has a dedicated team for communicating with
regulators and responding to their specific requirements
in a time-bound manner. The Bank has well-defined
processes and is leveraging technology to facilitate
monitoring and compliance with regulations. The
Bank has increased focus on building resilience in its
operations across jurisdictions and also participates in
industry-level initiatives undertaken by the regulator(s).
The Bank regularly conducts awareness and training
sessions to ensure employees appropriate conduct
with regulators.
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
60 | Annual Report 2024-25

CORPORATE SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY
The Bank s philosophy of CSR is rooted in the strategic
objectives of scalability and sustainability. Empowering
communities, supporting environment conservation and
restoration, and helping mainstream the marginalised
segments aligns with the Bank s core purpose of
promoting sustainable development. In fiscal 2025,
the Bank focussed on partnering with established
institutions
delivering
health
education
socially
underprivileged
sections
society.
The approach to undertaking CSR activities also
aimed at positive impact on ecosystems by designing
comprehensive and integrated interventions. The key
thematic areas in which CSR initiatives were pursued
were healthcare, environment and ecology, livelihood and
community development.
In fiscal 2025, the Bank fulfilled its obligation of
`8.01 billion towards CSR, most of which was
through the Group s philanthropic arm, the ICICI
Foundation for Inclusive Growth (ICICI Foundation). In
healthcare, the focus was on supporting hospitals and
medical institutions for providing credible healthcare
services in the areas of cancer care, cardiac care and eye
care. These initiatives were driven through collaboration
with 50 hospitals during the year, and impacted
0.4 million people in terms of receiving affordable
healthcare. The Bank s flagship initiative in healthcare is
the setting up of three greenfield cancer care facilities,
one each in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Punjab, in
collaboration with Tata Memorial Centre. The foundation
stone for the hospital at Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh,
was laid in June 2025.
In environment and ecology, the principle areas of work
included water conservation, plantation, enabling supply
of renewable energy to rural schools and households,
and waste management. Till March 31, 2025, cumulative
water harvesting potential of about 33.87 billion
litres had been created and 4.9 million saplings had
been planted. Activities were also undertaken across
56 forest reserves in collaboration with the forest
authorities, to undertake initiatives on habitat restoration,
rejuvenation of water sources, creating water ponds and
setting up renewable energy capacity.
A medical professional undergoing training on a robotic
surgical simulator provided by ICICI Foundation to Baba Farid
University of Health Sciences in Faridkot, Punjab.
Women from Adishakti SHG involved in mushroom spawn
production at an unit supported by ICICI Foundation in
Khurigaon village, Kashipur block, Rayagada district, Odisha.
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
ICICI Foundation, the Bank s philanthropic arm,
since its inception, has positively impacted
18.9 million lives in more than 250 districts
across 36 states and union territories.
Scan this QR to watch a video
on how ICICI Foundation has
impacted millions of lives through
its various initiatives.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 61
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

ICICI Foundation also undertook initiatives in the areas
of agricultural and allied activities and skill development
with a focus on improving livelihoods. These efforts
led to creation of rural entrepreneurs and impacted 5.2
million lives in fiscal 2025. Community development
programmes
included
local
need-based
projects,
supporting disaster relief and rehabilitation, and promoting
financial literacy.
For more details on CSR activities, refer to the Bank s
ESG Report on the website
Financial Inclusion and Rural
Development Initiatives
There are specific segments of the rural economy that
require a more supportive and sensitive response to their
financial requirements and the Bank has taken initiatives
to address the needs of such segments. The Self-Help
Groups (SHGs) programme is an initiative that has been
contributing to entrepreneurship development among
women. A comprehensive suite of banking products,
including zero-balance savings account, working capital
and term loans, for meeting the business requirements
of the women of these SHGs is provided. Services are
offered at their doorstep and through the closest
business centre, thus saving their time, money and labour.
ICICI Bank has been extending loans/providing financial
support to less privileged women through the Self Help
Groups - Bank Linkage Programme (SHGs-BLP) for over
a decade, to give a boost to their entrepreneurial spirit.
These initiatives have positively impacted 11 million
women across the country through approximately
9.8 lakh SHG loans on a cumulative basis as on
March 31, 2025. Of these, 4.96 lakh were first-time
borrowers, who had not taken a loan earlier from any
formal financial institution. These SHGs are engaged in
livelihood-generating
activities
which
helping
them scale up their economic enterprises and improve
financial security.
In addition to direct customers, the Bank reached out
to about 2.2 million customers through microfinance
institutions. The Bank also provides lending to Joint
Liability Groups (JLGs), which are semi-formal groups
from the weaker sections of society, through microfinance
companies. These activities are undertaken within the
overall framework prescribed by the RBI. The Bank also
offers credit-related services to microfinance companies
for onward lending to the rural population.
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
The Manaura Ahar (a traditional water harvesting system) revived through the water conservation initiatives of ICICI Foundation
at Samaspur village in Gaya district, Bihar.
62 | Annual Report 2024-25

At March 31, 2025, the Bank had 4.9 million accounts
opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
These are zero charges accounts. The Bank encourages
and enables these account holders to transact digitally.
Digital Banking Unit
Technology has been a key enabler for the Bank in
fostering financial inclusion. The delivery of financial
services in remote unbanked and under-banked areas
has been made possible due to digitisation. In fiscal 2023,
the Government of India announced the launch of Digital
Banking Units (DBUs) with the objective of encouraging
customers to undertake and experience the benefits of
digital transactions. The DBUs are primarily fixed-point
business units for delivering digital banking products
and services, with most services made available in both
self-service and assisted mode. The Bank set up four
such DBUs as part of the initiative. Key performance
Members of an SHG in Nagaur district, Rajasthan, being informed about the various loans that they can avail through ICICI Bank.
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
parameters of the DBUs during fiscal 2025 were
as follows:
Key Performance Parameters
Number
No. of accounts opened
No. of credit cards
No. of loans
Financial transactions facilitated
97,553
Non-financial transactions supported
18,726
No. of frauds
NIL
No. of grievances received
No. of digital awareness/literacy camps
arranged
Annual Report 2024-25 | 63
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements

ENVIRONMENT AND SUSTAINABILITY
Our efforts to measure, manage and mitigate the impact of business on environment
and embedding sustainability in our operations and product offerings is a deep-rooted
commitment.
The Bank marks 70 years of service, contributing to
India s development. Driving sustainable and inclusive
growth has been a long-standing commitment, since
its inception as a development finance bank in 1955.
Over the years, while the focus on social transformation
continues steadfast, environmental action has also gained
significance. Since 2010, the Bank has been increasing
emphasis on prudent use of natural resources and exploring
adoption of clean technology, with the objective to create
a positive environmental impact. Through a dedicated
team set up for the purpose, measuring the environmental
footprint of the Bank s operations was measured in terms
of trees and water saved. This led to a steady reduction
in energy consumption and waste generation. Apart from
reducing paper consumption in internal processes and
operations, savings in paper use was also driven through
adoption of e-statements and sending e-greetings, even
before these became established practices in the Indian
banking sector. The Bank also registered a trademark Go
Green in 2010, to build awareness and foster a culture of
environmental consciousness among our stakeholders.
The Bank has been building capabilities towards
measuring its carbon footprint and taking purpose-
oriented actions. During fiscal 2025, the Bank s focus
was towards improving data availability, enhancing
data governance to facilitate measurement of impact
on the environment, as well as identifying opportunities
for sustainable development. The Bank recognises the
importance of embedding environmental stewardship
in its operations and lending activities to drive resilience
and support the transition to a low-carbon economy.
With this in mind, the Bank continues building its
understanding
improving
resource
efficiency,
opportunities for sustainable lending, supporting nature-
positive projects and advancing awareness.
SUSTAINABLE FINANCING
The
Bank s
sustainable
lending
portfolio,
defined
based on the Bank s Framework for Sustainable
Financing, continued to expand in fiscal 2025. At
March 31, 2025, the Bank s outstanding portfolio was
`906.24 billion, encompassing sectors like renewable
energy and allied activities, electric vehicles, green
certified real estate, waste management, water sanitation,
green hydrogen/electrolysers and positive impact sectors
like lending to weaker sections under priority sector
norms of Reserve Bank of India. The Bank s green
financing portfolio accounted for 34.2% of the total
sustainable lending portfolio.
Approach to Adopting ESG and
Climate Risk in the Risk Management
Framework
In a rapidly evolving landscape, addressing concerns
related to impact on environment and recognising
climate adaptation and mitigation efforts are strategic
requirements for long-term stability and sustainable
growth. The Bank recognises the role a financial
institution can play in driving sustainable socio-economic
development that benefits all stakeholders. In this
context, consideration of ESG parameters in lending
decisions and risk management framework are important
factors, and the Bank has adopted several approaches.
Assessment of ESG risks include social and environmental
evaluation of project financing proposals, integrating
climate change and ESG issues into the credit evaluation
process, establishing framework for consistent and
comprehensive tracking of sustainable lending by
the Bank, and evaluating climate change impact in
operations and business.
Social and Environmental
Management Framework
ESG Risk Assessment
Tool for 20 Sectors
Framework for
Sustainable Financing
Climate Risk
Management Framework
64 | Annual Report 2024-25

ENVIRONMENT AND SUSTAINABILITY
The Bank s policies and frameworks are periodically
reviewed and updated to ensure relevance and to
factor in the evolving market dynamics.
Strengthening operational resilience to climate risks
has become an important component of enhancing
business continuity framework, especially in vulnerable
geographies.
During
fiscal
2025,
Bank,
consultation with an external agency, carried out an
assessment of the impact of simultaneous occurrence
of extreme natural disasters like floods and cyclone
at key primary and alternate locations identified,
based on the nature of activities that can have a
significant impact on the Bank s critical operations from
customers perspective.
To
embed
Sustainability
business
activities,
dedicated climate risk team has been established. Key
responsibilities of the team include policy and framework
development,
risk
identification
assessment,
data and metrics, and capacity building. The team
works closely with the ESG team, and supporting in
engagement with external stakeholders like regulators
and rating agencies.
More details on the Bank s environmental risk management
is available in the ESG Report for fiscal 2025.
ENVIRONMENTAL SENSITIVITY IN
OWN OPERATIONS
Guided by the principles of efficiency, simplification
and long-term sustainability, the Bank is committed
to minimising the environmental impact of its internal
operations.
The
legacy
resources
conservation
continues, centred around ongoing digitisation and
simplification
operations,
improve
experience, energy and water conservation at our
premises, and promoting circularity measures like waste
management and promulgation of the 4R principles.
The Bank is also promoting adoption of internationally
acceptable standards on occupational health and safety
for our workforce.
The Bank has been actively taking initiatives considering
its nation-wide footprint. Few key initiatives during fiscal
2025 included:

Increasing consumption of renewable energy in
the Bank s facilities. Engagement with utilities for
procurement of renewable energy across Indian states
continues, to tap opportunities and meeting strategic
objectives. For the first time, the Bank purchased
International Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs),
equivalent to 11,000 MWh, where the underlying
was a mix of solar and wind energy.

The
Bank
investing
advanced
technology to measure and monitor electricity use,
conducting energy audits, and implementing green
practices to further minimise its carbon footprint.

In fiscal 2025, the Bank installed Atmospheric Water
Generator (AWG) units at four new premises, one
each in Bengaluru and Mumbai and two sites in
Chennai. The Bank had earlier installed AWG at its
regional office in Gachibowli, Hyderabad. These five
installations have a cumulative capacity of producing
8,000 litres of potable water per day and help in
reducing the dependence on packaged water.

The Bank is increasingly shifting towards use of
recycled paper, or eliminating use of paper in our
operations through digitisation. Around 79% of the
pre-printed forms at the Bank s branches are FSC-
certified recycled paper.
Nature-based projects to address issues like climate
change, biodiversity loss, water security, disaster risk
and community well-being are extensively undertaken
Bank s
corporate
social
responsibility
initiatives. Projects have been executed in the areas of
water conservation, forest conservation, plantation and
protecting biodiversity, which are contributing towards
restoring ecological balance in the specific regions.
Registered Trademark of the Bank to
foster environmental consciousness.
For more details, please refer to the ESG report of the Bank.
Annual Report 2024-25 | 65
Integrated Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements