ahead
SPRINT
Integrated Annual Report
Strengthening the Core
Powering Energy Transition

ahead
SPRINT

Sprint Ahead
Strengthening the Core,
Powering Energy Transition
Every element of the design is rooted in who we are and where we
are headed. At the heart of the design is the silhouette of a man
sprinting forward, a powerful symbol of agility, intent and progress.
IT embodies IndianOil s strategic shift and readiness to lead from the
front in a rapidly changing energy landscape. The figure mirrors the
spirit of SPRINT - our transformative growth initiative and signals
our leap towards a more resilient, diversified energy portfolio.
The colour palette rooted in IndianOil s brand identity further
reinforces this narrative. The Blue signifies trust, technological
depth and strategic clarity, while the vibrant Orange, inspired by the
energy of the sun, evokes dynamism, optimism and the collective
momentum of a billion-plus aspirations. Together, these hues
represent a brand that is built in legacy yet primed for transition.
Embedded within the visual, the word SPRINT reinforces IndianOil s
focused agenda built on the pillars of 3Cs (Core, Cost, Customer)
and 3Ts (Technology, Talent, Transition) that powers our strategic
direction with speed, purpose and future readiness. IT underlines
our investment in innovation, digitisation and sustainable practices
that will shape India s energy future.
What you see as the cover of a report - is a declaration of intent. IT
signals a company grounded in purpose, evolving with clarity and
marching ahead with pride. For every stakeholder, IT s an invitation
to witness IndianOil s transformation bold in ambition, steady in
commitment and deeply aligned with the nation s energy goals.
The cover of IndianOil s Integrated
Annual Report 2024-25 captures a
defining chapter in our journey - where
the strength of our legacy converges
with the promise of a sustainable
tomorrow. Titled SPRINT
ahead - Strengthening the Core,
Powering Energy Transition, the
theme reflects our dual commitment,
reinforcing excellence in our core
businesses while leading India s shift
towards a low-carbon, future-ready
energy ecosystem.

S
P R
STRENGTHEN CORE
BUSINESS
To secure and expand IndianOil s
leadership in its foundational
sectors:

N Maintain leadership position as
India s largest refiner

N Increase market share in fuel
retailing
network
expansion and customer focus

N. Strengthen
leadership
across
institutional business segments

N. Scale
petrochemicals
specialty chemicals capacity to
capture new value pools
PROPEL COST
OPTIMISATION
Cost efficiency is key to long-term
competitiveness:

N Enhance operational efficiency
across all verticals

N Reduce high-cost areas such
as LPG bottling, civil AFS and
logistics

N. Achieve
best-in-class
asset
utilisation and profit margins
through strategic cost control
REINFORCE CUSTOMER
CENTRICITY
Put the customer at the heart of
every initiative:

N Emerge as the #1 choice for both
retail and institutional customers

N Expand into untapped customer
segments
diversify
product portfolio

N Deliver differentiated, engaging
experiences that deepen loyalty
and market presence
SPRINT is the confluence of
Six Pillars of transformation,
with emphasis on ramping up
core capabilities and unlocking
new horizons of operational
efficiency, high-tech
innovation, customer-centricity,
sustainable growth and talent
development.

T
INTEGRATE TECHNOLOGY
AND INNOVATION
Harness the power of digital and
innovation to future-proof the
business:

N Drive innovation in products and
services to meet evolving needs

N Implement high-impact digital use
cases that deliver measurable
business outcomes

N Embrace cutting-edge technologies
that improve agility, safety and
scalability
NURTURE LEADERSHIP
AND TALENT
Invest in people to power the
transformation:

N Build a pipeline of high-potential
leaders
aligned
emerging
priorities

N Attract and retain talent for
new energy, digital and frontier
businesses

N Reinforce IndianOil s core values
while fostering agility, speed and
collaboration
TRANSITION READY
Prepare the organisation for a low-
carbon, digital future:

N Challenge the status quo

N Lead India s energy transition
journey

N Scale initiatives in renewables,
biofuels, sustainable aviation fuel
(SAF) and green hydrogen

N Embed ESG principles and new
business models to drive long-
term sustainability and growth
N

IndianOil s Integrated Annual Report for the year
2024-25 showcases its primary communication to
stakeholders, explaining its performance for the
reporting year and charting the roadmap for long-
term sustainable value creation.
About the Report
Our Reporting
Architecture
Our Guiding Vision
The Energy of India
Six Capitals
Active alignment with United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs)
Our Values
Our Action Plans
S. P R I N T
A
U
E

R
E
A
T
O
N

A
P
P
R
O
A
H

G
O
E
R
N
A
N
E

R
S
K
S

A
N

O
P
P
O
R
T
U
N
T
E
S

S
T
A
K
E
H
O
E
R

E
N
G
A
G
E
E
N
T

A
T
E
R
A
S
S
U
E
S

INTEGRATED AND SUSTAINABLE THINKING
We see value creation as interconnected and by managing all six capitals in an integrated way, we make
strategic choices that deliver value across short, medium and long-term.
REPORTING PERIOD AND BOUNDARY

N
Reporting period: This integrated report primarily covers 12-month period from April 01, 2024 - March
31, 2025. However, certain sections of this report represent facts and figures of the previous years
as well.

N
Entity covered: Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (Standalone basis, unless otherwise specified)
KEY REGULATORY AND REPORTING
FRAMEWORKS
Both the financial and non-financial aspects are in
accordance with the applicable laws, regulations
and standards of the Republic of India.

N
The Companies Act, 2013 and rules notified
thereunder

N
Indian Accounting Standards

N
The Secretarial Standards

N
The Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015

N
Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Reporting (BRSR) based on the National
Guidelines for Responsible Business Conduct
(NGRBC)

N
International Integrated Reporting Council
(IIRC) Frameworks

N
Global Reporting Initiative Standards, 2021

N
United
Nations
Sustainable
Development
Goals Principles (UN SDGs)
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
We have exercised utmost care in the preparation
of this report. IT might include forecasts and/or
information relating to forecasts. Facts, expectations
and past data are typically the basis of forecasts.
As with all forward-looking statements, the actual
result may deviate from the forecast. As a result,
we can provide no assurance on the correctness,
completeness and up-to-date nature of the
information for our forward-looking statements,
as well as for those declared as taken from third
parties. Therefore, appropriate discretion on the part
of readers is advised. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events,
or otherwise.
Website
www.iocl.com
Scan the QR code
to know more about
the company

What s Inside the Report
CORPORATE
OVERVIEW
STATUTORY
REPORTS
Directors Report
Annexure I - SC/ST/OBC Report
Annexure II - CSR Report
Annexure III - Secretarial Audit Report
Annexure IV - Form No. AOC 2
Annexure V - Report on Energy Conservation,
Technology Absorption and Foreign
Exchange Earning
Report on Corporate Governance
Management s Discussion and Analysis
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Standalone
Independent Auditors Report
Balance Sheet
Statement of Profit and Loss
Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to Financial Statements
Income & Expenditure
Account-Township, etc.
Consolidated
Independent Auditors Report
Balance Sheet
Statement of Profit and Loss
Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to Financial Statements
Comments of Comptroller and Auditor
General of India
Notice
About Us
Our Businesses
Competitive Edge
From the Chairman s Desk
Governance
Leadership Team
Board Profile
Risk Management
Stakeholder Engagement
Materiality Assessment
IndianOil s Value Creation Model
Fuelling Sustainable Growth
Manufactured Capital
Financial Capital
Social & Relationship Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Natural Capital
Awards and Accolades
Board of Directors
List of Senior Executives
Main Offices & Major Units
Auditors, Bankers, RTA etc.
Group Companies
Performance at a Glance

As India s largest integrated and diversified energy company, IndianOil is
driven by an unwavering passion to excel and a relentless commitment
to serve the nation s energy needs.
About Us
Driven by Passion,
Defined by Commitment
A Maharatna Enterprise under the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural
Gas, Government of India, IndianOil has a robust presence across the
hydrocarbon value chain - from refining and pipeline transportation
to marketing, exploration and production, petrochemicals, natural
gas and alternative energy.
With group refining capacity of 80.75 MMTPA, over 20,000 Km
pipeline network and over 63,000 customer touchpoints, IndianOil
ensures reliable energy access across the country. IndianOil
continues to maintain its leadership position in fuel marketing with
the largest market share in petroleum products, including Petrol,
Diesel, LPG and Aviation Turbine Fuel.
For nearly seven decades, IndianOil continues to make significant
contributions to India s energy security and self-reliance, achieving
historic firsts in specialised fuels. Backed by cutting-edge R&D, a vast
distribution infrastructure and deep-rooted corporate citizenship,
IndianOil plays a pivotal role in shaping India s socio-economic
progress.
Guided by the vision of becoming The Energy of India, IndianOil
is committed to shaping a future-ready energy ecosystem. Our
investments in Biofuels, Hydrogen, Carbon Capture Utilisation
and Storage (CCUS) and Next-Gen Mobility Solutions reaffirm our
pledge to lead India s energy transition, while delivering enduring
value to all stakeholders.
People
Ethics
Environment
Technology
Innovation
Customers
VISION
Leading with
passion to
excel
Setting high standards for
ethics and values
Caring for the
environment and
community
Harnessing
frontier
Technology
Pioneering the spirit of
creativity
and research
Fostering
relationships
for a lifetime
A. Globally Admired Company
The Energy of India
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

IndianOil Values - The North Star Guiding Our Thoughts and Actions
Propel the Nation
Contribute to India s growth
story; Dedicate time, energy,
and resources for the nation
and fellow citizens.
On Duty Always
Be On-duty 24x7 with a
sense of patriotism and
deliver even in difficult
circumstances.
Drive Business Vision
Build and nurture meaningful
connections; Drive IndianOil
closer to its vision with a
sense of collective purpose &
responsibility.
Lead with Empathy
Put people first in every
interaction (internal or
external) to understand,
prioritize and serve their
needs.
Solve for Tomorrow
Embrace a future-oriented
mindset; Strive for innovative
and sustainable solutions for
the organisation and the
planet.
Respond with Agility
Empower everyone to
make prompt decisions;
Be nimble in today s
dynamic environment.
Dare to be Bold
Step outside of comfort
zones. Make informed bets
and pursue ambitious
endeavours with courage,
confidence and conviction.
Go the Xtra Mile
Exceed expectations by
going above and
beyond the call of duty
with perseverance and
determination.
Commit to Deliver
Uphold the IndianOil
brand by delivering on
promises; Be reliable by
doing the right thing,
always.
Grow the Ecosystem
Create win-win situations
with all stakeholders;
Leverage synergies to
drive positive impact and
growth for everyone.

Corporate Overview

IndianOil continues to accelerate its transformation into an
integrated energy major by scaling core strengths and seizing
opportunities in emerging energy domains.
Our Businesses
A. Holistic View of
Our Portfolio
Anchored by our commitment to national energy security, sustainability and innovation, we made strong
progress across business verticals - from fortifying conventional assets to expanding our alternative
energy footprint. Our diversified portfolio reflects a future-proof strategy aimed at delivering reliable,
cleaner and customer-centric energy solutions across India and beyond.
REFINING, PIPELINES AND
MARKETING
NATURAL GAS
As one of India s foremost downstream
energy players, we advanced our mission
to deliver energy solutions that are
reliable, efficient and future-ready. During
2024-25, we undertook major refinery
upgrades to enhance product flexibility
and environmental compliance, while
our Pipelines Division achieved new
benchmarks in capacity utilisation, safety
and digitalisation. We also expanded our
marketing and distribution networks with a
strong focus on premium fuels, automation
and customer experience - cementing
our leadership position in the petroleum
value chain.
With India pivoting towards a gas-based
economy, IndianOil reinforced its position
as a key enabler. In 2024-25, we scaled up
our investments in LNG terminals, pipeline
connectivity and City Gas Distribution (CGD)
networks, ensuring wider availability of clean
energy. Our focus remained on enhancing
supply reliability, optimising gas logistics and
promoting natural gas across industrial and
retail segments as a cleaner fuel.
Ethylene Recovery Unit at Paradip Refinery
An Aerial View of Ennore LNG Terminal
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

PETROCHEMICALS
ALTERNATIVE ENERGY AND
OTHER BUSINESSES
EXPLORATION AND
PRODUCTION (E&P)
2024-25 marked another leap in our journey
to become a petrochemical powerhouse.
Backed by integrated refinery-petrochemical
complexes and new project announcements,
we advanced our plans to capture value
from existing streams. Our thrust on
specialty chemicals, import substitution
and global outreach is helping position
us as a regional petrochemical leader in
Southeast Asia.
As India advances toward Net-Zero, IndianOil
is leading the transition by diversifying into
renewable energy, biofuels, green hydrogen,
sustainable aviation fuel and waste-to-energy.
In 2024-25, we made strategic strides in
commissioning pilot projects, scaling-up
existing green assets and partnering with
innovators to fast-track our alternative
energy ambitions. These initiatives reflect our
growing importance in shaping a sustainable
energy future.
In alignment with India s energy
independence goals, we intensified upstream
activities to build a balanced and resilient
portfolio. 2024-25 saw strategic partnerships,
technology adoption and production ramp-
up in key domestic and overseas blocks,
contributing to our goal of securing long-term
hydrocarbon supply.
Polypropylene Cast Film Extruder at PADC, Panipat
Well XN-76, Onshore Block 1, Abu Dhabi - An Upstream Asset of IndianOil
IndianOil - Pioneering Green Hydrogen Mobility
Corporate Overview

Despite macroeconomic headwinds, IndianOil delivered a strong
operational performance in 2024-25, with record-high sales
volumes, peak pipeline throughput and one of the best distillate
yield levels to date. These achievements underscore the strength
of the operating model, rapid innovation and a highly efficient
distribution network.
Competitive Edge
Accelerating with
High-Octane Performance
WHAT MAKES
INDIANOIL AN ENERGY
MAHARATNA
IndianOil is uniquely positioned to
meet the nation s evolving energy
demands. With robust financials,
unparalleled infrastructure, a
diversified energy portfolio and
ambitious sustainability goals, we
are set to deliver enduring value for
stakeholders, while contributing to
the nation's economic progress and
energy security.
Largest
2nd Largest
Refiner of India
Competitive Edge
E&P player
of India
Petrochemical
player of India
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

ACHIEVEMENTS AND MILESTONES (2024-25)

N Historic Sales Milestone Across Segments: Achieved highest-
ever sales volume, crossing the 100 MMT milestone for the first
time in 2024-25, reaching 100.29 MMT across all segments
(inclusive of gas, petrochemical and explosives). This is a
significant increase from 97.5 MMT in the previous year.

N Record Pipeline Throughput and Strategic Expansion
Pipeline
throughput
crossed
100.5
MMT - a
first
Company s history. We further expanded cross-country
pipeline network by 261 Km, taking the total to over
20,000 Km, which constitutes more than half of India s pipeline
infrastructure.

N Integrated Capex Deployment: Invested ₹40,374 Crore
in capital expenditure, supporting capacity expansion,
digitalisation, decarbonisation and infrastructure development
across refining, marketing, pipelines, petrochemical and green
energy segments.

N Consistent Refinery Performance and Growth Trajectory
Maintained high refinery throughput throughout the year with
robust distillate yield levels and supply chain discipline. The
company remains on track to expand total refining capacity
from 80.75 to 98.4 MMTPA by 2026-27, aligned with future
energy demand.

N Petrochemical Growth Amidst Global Challenges: Despite a
subdued global market, IndianOil s petrochemical sales grew
to 3.24 MMT, driven by product diversification and enhanced
integration with core refining operations.
PILLARS OF STRATEGIC ADVANTAGE AND GROWTH
Unmatched scale
and national reach
Solid financial
foundation
Leading India s
green energy
transition through
Innovation
Diverse portfolio
spanning the entire
hydrocarbon value chain
Commitment to environmental
sustainability and social impact
Fulfilling India s
Energy Needs
Corporate Overview

IndianOil commands an unparalleled presence across India s
energy landscape, with its expansive, largest pipeline network and
nationwide customer touchpoints, ensuring accessibility across
urban and rural regions alike.
Unmatched Scale and Outreach
10. Group
Refineries
With 80.75 MMTPA capacity
15.46. Crore
Active LPG customers
40,200+
Retail Outlets
3.5. Crore
Customers being served daily
Countries
Export footprint
GROWING INLAND AND
EXPORT MIX
Inland
Sales (MMT)
FY 25
95.4
FY 24
92.3
80.5
90.7
FY 23
FY 22
Export
Sales (MMT)
FY 25
4.9
FY 24
5.2
5.9
5.1
FY 23
FY 22
UPSTREAM
14 domestic and 11 overseas active
blocks under various stages of exploration,
development and production
Upstream production
(MMToe)
FY 25
4.45
FY 24
4.26
4.27
3.88
FY 23
FY 21
FY 22
Refinery throughput
(MMT)
FY 25
71.56
FY 24
73.31
67.66
72.41
62.35
FY 23
FY 21
FY 22
MIDSTREAM
India s largest oil refiner with
~31%
market share
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

5,324
Crude pipeline
41.58%
Retail outlets
13,344
Product pipeline
51%
LPG Distributorships
1,337
Gas pipeline
47.3%
Aviation fuel stations
DOWNSTREAM
Largest pipeline network
Leader in market infrastructure1
Length (Km)
IndianOil s Share
Largest fuel retailer with over 63,000 customer touchpoints across India
Over
63,267
customer touch points
SKO/LDO dealerships
3,830
Retail outlets
40,221
LPG distributors
12,919
Bulk consumer pumps
5,940
Others
1Petroleum Planning & Analysis Cell
Corporate Overview

At IndianOil, we are strategically positioning ourselves as a diversified
energy solutions provider, moving beyond traditional upstream, midstream
and downstream operations to capture high-growth opportunities in
petrochemicals, natural gas and alternate energy.
Diverse portfolio spanning the entire hydrocarbon value chain
PETROCHEMICALS
Accelerating Value Creation Through
Strategic Expansion
We have identified petrochemicals as a
cornerstone of future growth, targeting a
dramatic transformation from a refining-
focused company to an integrated energy
and chemicals giant.
13.2. MMTPA
Petrochemical capacity expansion
target by 2030
We aim to enhance our Petrochemical Intensity
Index (PII) from 6.1% to 15% by 2030, backed
by significant investments in the petrochemical
sector. Our major projects including the
Petrochemical complex at Paradip, the Poly
Butadiene Rubber plant at Panipat and the
Textile Project at Bhadrak, Odisha, are aimed at
creating greater value, meeting robust sectoral
demand and supporting import substitution in
line with the vision of Atmanirbharta .
Paradip Petrochemical Complex
The ₹61,077 Crore Paradip petrochemical complex is IndianOil's largest-ever investment at a single location, setting the stage for truly
transformational growth.

N World-scale Infrastructure: The complex will feature a 1.5 MMTPA naphtha cracker with downstream units Producing Polypropylene
(PP), High-Density Polyethylene (HDPE), Linear Low-Density Polyethylene (LLDPE) and Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC)

N Speciality Chemicals: We are also expanding into high-value market segments, with dedicated production of Phenol, Isopropyl
Alcohol (IPA) and Butadiene.
Fuelling Industries, Shaping Futures - IndianOil Petrochemicals
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

NATURAL GAS
ALTERNATIVE ENERGY: LEADING INDIA S CLEAN ENERGY TRANSITION
Building India s Gas-based Economy Infrastructure
We are a leading player in India s natural gas ecosystem, strategically positioned to capitalise on the country s vision of a
gas-based economy.
We are leading India s energy transition through comprehensive investments in renewable energy, green hydrogen and sustainable
technologies, targeting Net-Zero operational emissions by 2046 - 24 years ahead of India s national target.
India s 2nd
Largest Player
13.18. MMTPA
in imported natural gas business
Total LNG terminal capacity across multiple strategic locations
Growth Strategy and Expansion Plans

N Ambitious Growth Target - Triple natural gas sales by 2030,
supported by expanding pipeline infrastructure and city gas
distribution networks

N Infrastructure Development - Ongoing projects include the
Hazaribagh-Ranchi Natural Gas Pipeline and the capacity
augmentation of existing systems

N Strategic Procurement - Long-term agreements for over 3
MMTPA of LNG procurement with ADNOC, TotalEnergies and
renewed contracts with QatarEnergy
Renewable Energy Expansion

N Current Portfolio: 252.1 MW renewable energy capacity
comprising 167.6 MW wind and 84.5 MW solar capacity

N Transformational Target: 31 GW renewable energy capacity
by 2030

N Terra Clean Subsidiary: Developing 1 GW of renewable energy,
with plans to scale up to 5.3 GW in the coming years
Green Hydrogen Leadership

N We are pioneering India s green hydrogen ecosystem through
the country s most ambitious project:

N Flagship Project: 10,000 tonnes per annum green hydrogen
plant at Panipat refinery, scheduled for commissioning by
December 2027

N Strategic Vision: Target to convert 50% of current hydrogen
consumption to green by 2030, supporting hard-to-decarbonise
sectors such as oil refining, steel manufacturing and
heavy-duty transport

N Technology Integration: Utilising renewable electricity from
solar, wind or hydro sources for electrolysis, gradually replacing
fossil-fuel-based hydrogen in refinery operations
Turning Wind into Watts - IndianOil s 167.6 MW Stride in Renewables
Corporate Overview

With a strong performance track
record, IndianOil exemplifies financial
resilience. Consistent dividend payouts
and strategic investments in growth
and innovation underscore over
commitment to shareholders value,
making IndianOil a reliable choice.
India s economy is expected to
maintain a high growth trajectory,
driving increased demand for energy
across sectors, which would create
growing market opportunities for
IndianOil.
Total economic value created
Operating Cash Flow Strength
Economy in the world (As per IMF India has
become 4th largest economy in 2025)
7.10%
Return on average capital employed
J99,892.92 Crore
J33,170 Crore
4th Largest
Net worth
Growing consumption of petroleum products
Projected capacity growth of Companies to meet
the oil demand
H in Crore
(MMT)3
(MBPD)4
FY 25
FY 25
1,78,677
239.2
1,78,677
239.2
FY 24
FY 24
1,76,715
234.3
1,31,286
1,34,758
223.0
FY 23
FY 23
FY 22
6.8 - 2030
5.2 - 2022
3 Snapshot of India s oil & gas data monthly ready Reckoner September-2024
4. IndiaOil Market Report
Robust Financials
Fulfilling India s Energy Needs
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Robust R&D
With 1,689 active patents, IndianOil has doubled its patents in
about seven years, creating a robust foundation for future growth
through advanced technologies.
Leadership in hydrogen and biofuels
IndianOil has set-up India s
Strategic investments in emerging technologies
Focused on high-impact areas like carbon capture and next-generation battery technologies (lithium-ion and aluminum-air), we are
positioned to lead in alternative energy solutions and electric mobility.
J1,067 Crore
Expenditure in R&D and major innovation initiatives
across the Comapny
Green Assets
Outcomes Achieved

N. Commissioned 4,656 EV Charging Stations in Financial Year 2025, increasing the total to 13,614 EV Charging Stations

N Launched 37 Battery Swapping Stations in Financial Year 2025, bringing the total to 128

N Advancing India s green hydrogen ecosystem with the upcoming 10 KTA green hydrogen plant at Panipat.

N Introduced India s First Hydrogen Fuel Cell buses, marking a milestone in the country's green transportation initiatives.
High-Velocity Innovation
252.1 MW
Total energy capacity
Renewables
Ethanol
Compressed Bio Gas
167.6 MW
84.5 MW
Wind
Solar
~100 KLPD
~128 KLPD
2G Ethanol plant
3G Ethanol plant
Plants
CBG Stations
First 3G
Ethanol Plant
Corporate Overview

IndianOil is steadfast in its
commitment to build a sustainable
future, prioritising environmental
preservation and impactful social
upliftment programmes. By
aligning our initiatives with global
Enviromental, Social and Governance
(ESG) standards, we contribute
to India s energy targets as well
as promote positive change in
communities and ecosystems.
Renewable capacity target by 2030
Decarbonisation by 2046
Beneficiaries reached through CSR
programmes during 2024-25
31 GW
100%
1.36+ Crore
Aiming for Net-Zero operational emissions by
2046, with a focus on green hydrogen, biofuels and
renewable energy solutions
Driving Sustainability and
Inclusive Development
A glimpse of Digboi Refinery through the Refinery Ecopark
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

IndianOil concluded 2024-25
with record highs in product
sales, refining and pipelines
operations, while accelerating
its shift to green energy. With
bold investments, new-age
fuels and Project SPRINT
in motion, the Company is
reshaping itself into a
future-ready, diversified
energy leader.
From the
Chairman s Desk
Shri A S Sahney
Chairman, IndianOil
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Dear Shareholders,
In the backdrop of an eventful financial year 2024-2025 marked by
dynamic global shifts, economic recalibrations and transitions in
the energy sector, IndianOil has continued to perform well and meet
the energy needs of the nation with resolve and steadfastness. IT
is a pleasure to bring to you IndianOil s Integrated Annual Report
for 2024-2025 and thank you for your unwavering support in our
journey during another fruitful year.
As India s flagship energy major, IndianOil continues to serve as the
backbone of the nation s energy security architecture. From meeting
fuel needs of remote hamlets to energizing high-growth industrial
corridors, we have remained central to the nation s progress. Even
as the global energy terrain grew increasingly complex over the last
fiscal - with crude oil prices fluctuating in the range of $75 to $95
per barrel, refining margins facing pressure and energy transition
accelerating - IndianOil held firm. However, the combination of
Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG) Unit at Paradip Refinery, Odisha
fluctuating crude oil prices, narrowing cracks in key fuel products
and increased market volatility impacted profitability during the
year. Yet, our commitment to energize every life we touch remained
resolute, guiding our efforts across every touchpoint.
Our efforts have garnered recognition on both national and global
platforms. Your Company has been ranked 127th in the prestigious
Fortune Global 500 list of 2025. We were ranked the top Indian oil
& gas company on the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI),
named among Clarivate s Top 100 Global Innovators 2024 - a first
for any Indian energy company - and recognised as India s Most
Respected Oil & Gas Company by Business World. We have also
been ranked as the top Oil & Gas (PSU) Brand in the country as per
Brand Finance in 2024 as well as the two preceding years. These
accolades reflect not only operational excellence but the enduring
trust and resilience of the IndianOil brand.
Let me now share an overview of our performance in 2024-25 - a year that set the foundation for a new era in IndianOil s journey.
Powering Progress, Strengthening Foundations
2024-25 was not just another chapter in IndianOil s journey - IT
was a landmark year of scale, synergy and strategic evolution.
For the first time ever, your Company s product sales crossed the
100 Million Metric Tonne mark, reaffirming IndianOil s unmatched
reach across India s energy ecosystem. We also moved a record
100 MMT hydrocarbons through our vast pipeline network and our
Group Refining throughput reached a record 82.02 MMT clocking a
capacity utilisation of over 100% with Distillate yield hitting an all-
time high of 80.6%, Fuel & Loss falling to a five-year best of 8.8%,
a testament to operational discipline and efficiency.
In the pipelines segment, 261 Km of new network was commissioned,
expanding our underground energy highways to over 20,000 Km.
While crude oil and product pipeline throughput touched record
levels, gas pipelines registered over 25% year-on-year surge.
Corporate Overview

Mainline Lowering in Progress at Vijayawada, as part of Paradip Hyderabad Pipelines Project
Your Company s petrochemical segment also reached new heights,
with production of 3.23 MMT and sales (including exports) of 3.24
MMT - both highest ever. New and improved polymer grades were
introduced for packaging, automotive and appliance applications,
supported by 16 OEM approvals from leading brands such as
Crompton, P&G and Panasonic. The commissioning of a 90 KTA
Normal Butyl Alcohol plant at Gujarat and record exports to Nepal
further strengthened this vertical. Our recycled polymer brand,
CYCLOPLAST, achieved its best-ever annual sales of 220 MT.
In the upstream sector, your Company manages a diversified
portfolio of 25 oil and gas assets - 14 in India and 11 overseas, with
9 fields currently in production. The production rose to 4.45 MMT of
oil equivalent, with growth fuelled by the start of CBM gas production
in Jharkhand and enhanced output from overseas assets in Canada.
New hydrocarbon discoveries in Abu Dhabi s Onshore Block 1, the
lifting of Force Majeure in Libya, acquisition of Mercator Petroleum
in the Cambay Basin and continued dividend income from stakes
in UAE and Russian assets added further strength.
Fuelling India Everyday
2024-25 was a year of unparalleled reach, innovation and impact for
your Company - fuelling the nation while deeply engaging with every
customer. Once again, your Company broke new ground, registering
record sales of 84.96 MMT of Petroleum Products (excluding LNG)
domestically, capturing 41.52% market share through 63,000+
touchpoints across the country.
A massive network expansion saw 2,823 new Retail Outlets, 350
CNG stations and 40 CBG stations come online, taking the total to
40,221 ROs, 2,437 CNG outlets and 125 CBG centres, ensuring that
no area remains off-grid. This commitment to customer convenience
was matched with sustainability as 4,227 additional outlets were
solarised during the year, bringing the total to 35,874 (89.2% of the
network) and generating over 222.42 GWh of power. Electric mobility
infrastructure also grew significantly, with the commissioning of 4,526
fast and 130 slow EV chargers - raising the total to 13,614 stations
and 37 battery-swapping facilities, reinforcing IndianOil s leadership
in low-carbon transport solutions. To transform fuel stations into
traveller-friendly spaces, your Company commissioned 28 Way Side
Amenities during 2024-25 taking the total to 68 as on 31.03.2025.
The Company plans to develop 35 such sites during 2025-26.
Your Company progressed decisively under the national Ethanol
Blending Programme, achieving 17.2% blending in 2024-25. As a
next step, E20 petrol was rolled out nationally in December 2024.
Biodiesel blending also hit a record 0.52%, highest amongst all OMC s
reinforcing IndianOil s commitment to cleaner fuel options.
IndianOil Company Owned Company Operated Retail Outlet in New Delhi
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Your Company enriched its LPG portfolio to enhance user value
and convenience. Sales reached 15.40 MMT (including exports),
growing 8.6%, with market share of 45.23% in domestic LPG and
around 37.5 Lakh new PMUY activations. Beyond bulk LPG sales
hitting 594 TMT, your Company achieved record figures with niche
variants like XtraTej , Chhotu , NANOCUT and launched customer-
first innovations like XtraBoost (nano-additized AutoLPG, offers up to
3% higher fuel efficiency, 4.5% more power and faster acceleration,
In aviation fuel, your Company retained leadership with sale of
5.07 MMT ATF and 54.53% market share, commissioning Aviation
Fuel Stations in Srinagar and Rewa to take the total to 130. All the
120 eligible Aviation Fuel Stations earned GreenCo certification, with
nine attaining Gold status. IndianOil s global footprint grew through
exports of AVGAS 100 LL to Indonesia and Bangladesh. Support roles
in emergency relief during the Wayanad landslide and Uttarakhand
floods also underscored the IndianOil s operational depth.
On the automotive lubricants front, the SERVO continued its
dominance with record sales of 780 TMT, now present across 45
countries. This year saw the introduction of a full suite of EV-specific
lubricants. Your Company launched STORM and STORM X, India s
first FIM Category 2 racing fuels and made waves as the Official
Fuel Partner for these racing events for three years, till 2026, placing
India on the global motorsport map.
The natural gas business also scaled new heights with 9.45 MMTPA
in sales - a 20% increase - accompanied by a 69% rise in spot LNG
volumes and 186 TMT of Small Scale LNG sales. Expanding its
CGD footprint, your Company now serves 49 geographical areas
across 115 districts, covering approximately 21% of the country s
population and 12% of its geographical area. Strengthening India s
gas security, your Company executed a 15-year supply contract
with ADNOC from Ruwais (1 MMTPA) in addition to finalising
long-term LNG agreements achieved last year: a 10-year deal with
TotalEnergies (0.8 MMTPA), a 14-year pact with Abu Dhabi Gas
Liquefaction (1.2 MMTPA),
Driving Innovation, Delivering Value
At IndianOil, research and innovation are not abstract pursuits,
they are powerful enablers of operational excellence, strategic
differentiation and long-term shareholder value. 2024-25 was a
IndianOil Refuelling Defence Aircrafts at Trivandrum AFS
EV Charging Station at IndianOil s Heritage Retail Outlet in Anjar, Gujarat
landmark year for your Company s R&D, not only for the scale of
progress but for its tangible impact on business.
During the year, IndianOil was granted 129 new patents, with 73
new filings, taking the effective patent portfolio to 1,689 and the
cumulative filings to 1,809, a testament to the depth and relevance
of our innovation pipeline.
The impact of these innovations was felt across the value chain.
From refining and petrochemicals to clean fuels and pipelines, the
focus remained sharply aligned with operational efficiency, safety,
import substitution and sustainability. IndianOil s in-house catalyst
technology was deployed successfully across multiple refineries,
including the IV-IZOMaxCat at Bongaigaon and the i-ZN22
catalyst at Paradip, which outperformed commercial benchmarks
in polypropylene production. Over 3,800 MT of in-house catalyst
was supplied during the year, reducing dependence on imports
and supporting cost-efficient refining operations.
delivering a smoother, more economical driving experience for
everyday users), Propane Plus (advanced version of conventional
propane, designed to deliver higher flame temperature, cleaner
combustion, Greater Fuel Efficiency and enhanced heat output
particularly valuable for commercial and light-industrial users
seeking reliable, high-performance fuel options) and Chhotu Master
(integrated package featuring a compact cylinder and cooktop for
modern, convenience-focused households).
Corporate Overview

Ongoing Research at IndianOil R&D Centre
yeast and needle coke for electric vehicle batteries, technologies
that will power India s energy future while offering new revenue
streams and margin potential.
With an eye on the long term, your Company is setting up a New
Energy Centre in Faridabad, dedicated to research in alternative
and renewable energy, corrosion science, synthetic biology and
nanotechnology. This will complement the existing R&D Centre and
amplify IndianOil s transformation into an integrated energy company.
New Age Fuels: Building a Future-Ready Portfolio
Your Company is strategically transitioning from a conventional oil and gas entity into a diversified, integrated energy company, in step
with the evolving global energy landscape. This shift is anchored in the development of new-age fuel solutions that will define the future
of mobility and industry.
Aerial View of CBG Plant at Gorakhpur
A major step in this direction is the plan to establish India s
first commercial-scale Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) plant at
Panipat, with a proposed production capacity of 86.8 TMT per
annum. This facility will deploy Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) technology,
utilising ethanol to produce low-emission, circular aviation fuel.
Complementing this, a co-processing SAF unit at Panipat Refinery
is also under development to produce 735 KTPA of SAF-blended
ATF, supporting decarbonisation efforts in the aviation sector. In
parallel, Your Company is exploring multiple SAF pathways, i.e.,
HEFA, ATJ and sugar-based routes through strategic alliances
and has partnered with IATA to support the creation of a SAF
Registry to ensure transparent carbon tracking. Your Company is
also progressing in the Used Cooking Oil (UCO)-to-SAF pathway,
commissioning a co-processing facility at Panipat for blended ATF
Your Company s R&D also played a pivotal role in enhancing mobility
solutions. IT introduced advanced EV lubricants, secured 58 new
OEM approvals and released over 169 new lubricant formulations,
fortifying IndianOil s leadership in the evolving automotive landscape.
Innovations like Propane Plus and XtraBoost - developed
through in-house nanotechnology research have benefitted the
customers with higher fuel efficiency, lower emissions and enhanced
performance.
In pipeline operations, IndianOil s R&D made critical contributions to
asset integrity and safety. The INDScan iPIG tools facilitated the
inspection of over 4,500 Km of pipeline during the year, enabling
predictive maintenance and operational continuity. Meanwhile,
XtraFlo , a drag reducing agent developed for captive use, has
gained industry traction for its ability to enhance flow rates while
reducing energy consumption.
To support India s green transition, R&D efforts focused on green
hydrogen, fuel cell technology, 2G ethanol, Sustainable Aviation
Fuel (SAF) and Carbon Capture, Utilisation & Storage (CCUS).
We developed the eCO2Sorb, a patented carbon capture solution
that uses enzymes to enhance efficiency and reduce costs. This
innovative tech has been successfully demonstrated and is now
being tested at pilot scale, driving innovation to combat climate
change. IndianOil also continued work on biofuels, engineered
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Solar Powered Indane Bottling Plant, Leh
and exploring sugar-derived SAF and Green Isoprene. Together,
these pioneering initiatives not only support India s environmental
goals but also secure long-term stakeholder value in a carbon-
conscious economy.
The sale of Compressed Biogas (CBG) reached 8.9 TMT, supported
by 44 commissioned plants under the SATAT scheme. A flagship
100 TPD cattle dung-to-CBG plant was commissioned in Gwalior
and a 200 TPD unit in Gorakhpur is now operational under the
IndiGreen brand.
A cornerstone of this transition is IndianOil s leadership in hydrogen.
The Company is setting up India s largest green hydrogen plant of
10 KTA capacity at Panipat. Work is underway to develop end-to-
end hydrogen infrastructure, including electrolysers powered by
renewable energy, hydrogen mobility pilots and collaborations for
fuel cell integration. Your Company is actively contributing to the
National Green Hydrogen Mission and is well-positioned to lead
India s hydrogen economy in the years ahead.
To institutionalise all the diversification initiatives, Your Company
has set up a dedicated M&A cell focused on non-traditional growth
sectors including renewable energy, city gas distribution (CGD),
battery storage, chemicals and vessel acquisition.
The renewable energy footprint of your Company now stands at
252.1 MW, comprising 167.6 MW of wind and 84.5 MW of solar
capacity, generating 365.72 GWh during the year, which will be a
cornerstone in achieving our operational Net-Zero ambition. To
accelerate this transition, your company has incorporated Terra
Clean Limited (TCL), a wholly owned green energy arm tasked
with shaping the future of IndianOil s renewable portfolio. TCL is
kicking off with 1 GW of Renewable Energy projects, with a clear
roadmap to scale up to 5.3 GW in the coming years. This is not
just an investment in capacity, IT is a commitment to sustainable
growth at scale. To strengthen this momentum, your company is
actively pursuing strategic alliances with top-tier solar developers
and power transmission partners, unlocking new opportunities and
synergies in the clean energy space.
Chairman with IOCians at Paradip Refinery
These initiatives are backed by robust sustainability practices.
Your Company has planted over Seven Lakh trees under the Green
Credit Programme and initiated the Mangrove 2.0 project in West
Bengal, one of India s largest corporate biodiversity initiatives. Over
₹56 Crore has been invested in ecological restoration. Wastewater
reuse now stands at 89% across refineries, significantly reducing
freshwater withdrawal. Over 5,000 Km of pipeline length and over
370 operational sites have been certified under GreenCo and Green
Building norms.
To achieve its Net-Zero operational emissions goal by 2046, your
Company has charted a comprehensive roadmap with a planned
investment of ₹2.5 Lakh Crore. As an environmentally conscious
organization, your Company systematically measures, manages and
reports its emissions. The Company s Scope 1 & 2 emissions for
2024-25 amount to ~22.53 MMTCO2e. The Company is pursuing
a multifaceted strategy to reduce its carbon footprint, focusing on
key areas such as green hydrogen, CBG, renewable energy, energy
efficiency, tree plantation, carbon capture utilization & storage etc.
Corporate Overview

Lube Blending Plant at Asaoti, Haryana
In the pipelines domain, 15 new pipeline projects worth over ₹23,000
Crore are under execution, covering crude oil, product, gas and
dedicated feedstock pipelines for refineries and petrochemical
units. These include the new Mundra-Panipat Crude Oil Pipeline
and the Kandla-Gorakhpur LPG Pipeline, among others. The new
lines will strengthen logistical efficiency, enable multi-product flows
and future-proof the backbone of India s fuel supply chain.
Your Company has also strengthened its regional and international
collaborations. Two landmark B2B Framework Agreements with
Nepal Oil Corporation will facilitate cross-border infrastructure
including extension of the Motihari-Amlekhgunj pipeline to Chitwan
and a new pipeline from Siliguri to Jhapa apart from greenfield
Petroleum terminals at Chitwan & Jhapa in Nepal. In the lubricants
domain, a JV has been formed in Nepal by IndianOil (Mauritius)
Limited (a Subsidiary) to set up SERVO blending facilities, our first
manufacturing presence in Nepal. In Bangladesh, we secured long-
term contracts to supply 140 TMT of petroleum products, further
cementing IndianOil as a trusted energy partner in the subcontinent.
With every expansion and alliance, your Company is laying the
foundation for an agile, diversified and future-ready IndianOil.
Capital Deployment & Asset Optimisation
Your Company invested ₹40,374 Crore in projects during 2024-25,
comprising ₹39,195 Crore on a standalone basis and ₹1,179 Crore
towards equity in Group Companies. This represented over one-
fourth of the total CAPEX incurred by PSUs under the Ministry of
Petroleum & Natural Gas.
Currently, IndianOil is executing more than 160 projects (each over
₹5 Crore) with a cumulative outlay exceeding ₹2.6 Lakh Crore. These
projects span across standalone operations and group entities,
underscoring a long-term vision to strengthen leadership across
emerging and core sectors.
To balance the accelerating global energy transition with the
country s growing auto fuel demand, your Company has committed
investments of over ₹1.66 Lakh Crore (approx.) in the next five years.
These will focus on petrochemicals, natural gas and renewable
energy, supporting diversification and future readiness.
Recognising the scale of this investment ambition, IndianOil is also
exploring innovative financing options beyond internal accruals and
debt. The Company has raised upfront capital through initiatives
like leasing of dark optical fibre cables and securitisation of Service
Station License Fees - unlocking value and improving cash flow
efficiency while maintaining long-term sustainability
Operating as a Global Treasury Centre, your company s wholly
owned subsidiary formed in 2023 at GIFT City, IOC Global Capital
Management IFSC Limited (IGCMIL) has achieved a landmark feat
by executing financial transactions worth over USD 500 Million with
IndianOil s group entities. With the aim of Onshoring the Offshore
Foreign Assets , IndianOil is leveraging IGCMIL), to manage and
hold its overseas investments
People First: Empowering Our Workforce
At IndianOil, our people are central to everything we do. During
2024-25, we undertook meaningful steps to strengthen employee
welfare, future-proof our talent and uphold dignity across all levels
of the workforce.
To build future-ready capabilities, IndianOil launched several learning
initiatives. Nav Urja Nirman is shaping leaders in the renewables
space, while Sopaan uses theatre-based training for new managers.
Eklavya encourages self-driven learning via MOOC platforms.
IndianOil s strength also lies in its over 5 Lakh contractual personnel,
who are the face of the brand across India delivering fuel, reaching
LPG to homes and serving customers on the ground. Their tireless
service embodies the IndianOil ethos. The Company remains
committed to their welfare, ensuring full compliance with statutory
provisions and instituting social security and quality-of-life initiatives.
Whether full-time or contractual, every member of the IndianOil
family is integral to our growth. As we embrace a transformative
future, this people-first philosophy ensures our human capital
remains our greatest strength - and our most enduring advantage.
Charting the Road Ahead: Expansions, Projects & Strategic
Alliances
As your Company navigates a rapidly evolving energy ecosystem, IT
remains firmly focused on future-readiness - anchored in expansion,
integration and strategic alliances that are designed to secure long-
term value for stakeholders.
To reinforce our core refining strength, we are progressing with
major capacity augmentation projects. Panipat Refinery Expansion
to 25 MMTPA, accompanied by a petrochemical integration plan,
is on track for phased commissioning in 2025-26. Likewise, the
Gujarat Refinery expansion to 18 MMTPA, integrating a Polypropylene
unit and a Catalytic Dewaxing Unit (CDWU), will enhance value
addition in line with domestic demand. At Barauni, the expansion
to 9 MMTPA is under advanced stages of implementation. These
upgrades will not only enhance refining capabilities but also sharpen
our petrochemical footprint, reinforcing Forward integration and
import substitution.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

IOCians - The Energy of IndianOil
Driving Meaningful Social Impact
True to its ethos of Nation-First, Your Company continued to
create meaningful social impact through focused interventions
in healthcare, education, nutrition, sustainability and community
empowerment. In 2024-25, IndianOil has spent ₹583 Crore on CSR
activities, reaffirming its commitment to inclusive and equitable
national development.
IndianOil Nutrigardens CSR initiative: Nourishing Communities, Enhancing
Sustainable Livelihoods
Under the National Tuberculosis Elimination Programme, Your
Company significantly enhanced diagnostic access across eight
states benefiting over One Lakh individuals with advanced diagnostic
tools and nutritional support. In partnership with the Government
of Karnataka and IISc, IndianOil launched a two-year Sickle Cell
Anaemia screening initiative Project Chandana that tested 1.95
Lakh individuals, identifying over 9,900 positive cases and ensured
that specialised healthcare reached tribal and underserved regions.
IndianOil also strengthened India s cancer care ecosystem through
partnerships with leading institutions such as Tata Medical Center
and Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. The support extended to advanced
oncology infrastructure benefiting over one lakh patients annually.
Simultaneously, the Company supported the Pradhan Mantri National
Dialysis Programme by deploying 169 dialysis machines across
eight states, facilitating treatment for over 50,000 patients.
Your Company remained steadfast in supporting children and
Divyangjan. Project Badhte Kadam enabled the treatment and
rehabilitation of 1,500 children with clubfoot across Assam, Odisha
and Delhi NCR. Additionally, certified training and employment-
linked skilling initiatives were extended to empower Divyangjan
with sustainable livelihoods.
Recognising the urgency of neonatal cardiac care, IndianOil funded
a dedicated Cardiac ICU at JNMCH Aligarh, enabling over 300 free
surgeries each year. To advance food and nutritional security, Nutri-
Gardens were established in 50 government schools and extended
to over 3,750 rural households, promoting healthy dietary practices
and community-level sustainability.
These initiatives exemplify IndianOil s belief that its national presence
must not only fuel mobility and industry but also uplift lives. Through
sustained, high-impact CSR efforts, Your Company continues to be
a trusted partner in India s inclusive development journey.
Building Champions: Sports & Social Reintegration
IndianOil Sports Scholar, Aditi Gopichand (Archer) Receiving the Arjuna Award 2024
Corporate Overview

Chairman and Functional Directors with IndianOil Women Hockey Players who won the Asian Championship
Your Company has long embraced the transformative power of sports,
not only as a vehicle for national pride but as a catalyst for inclusion,
resilience and personal triumph. In 2024-25, IndianOil s commitment
to nurturing sporting excellence found renewed momentum through
pathbreaking initiatives and outstanding achievements by our athletes.
IndianOil s sportspersons made the nation and the Company proud
by winning 239 medals across premier domestic and international
championships, including 85 on the global stage. Among these
laurels were medals at the Asian Games, World Athletics U20
Championship, Commonwealth Championships, World Weightlifting
Championship, Asian Wrestling Championship, World University Games,
World Badminton Senior Championships and World Para Athletics
Championship. These achievements reaffirm IndianOil s stature as a
cradle of sporting talent.
Among the standout achievements, Sheetal Devi, the world s first
armless archer and an IndianOil-supported para-athlete, emerged as
a symbol of resilience and inspiration. Her accolades include multiple
international medals and recognition by BBC as one of the most
SPRINT is not merely an exercise in change management. IT is a
structured, future-facing response to the demands of today s dynamic
environment and IT is set to reshape IndianOil over the next 2-3 years.
As we scale capacities, digitise operations, deepen customer
engagement and lead India s energy transition, SPRINT will remain
our compass - guiding us with purpose, powered by people and
committed to delivering long-term value for all stakeholders.
In a future defined by sustainability, technology and global
collaboration, we move ahead with humility - and with the confidence
that IndianOil is on the right path.
I once again thank all shareholders as your trust remains our
greatest asset, fuelling our ambition and inspiring us to uphold
the highest standards.
Together, let us continue to energise India - not just for today, but
for generations to come.
Fuelling the Future with Purpose: Project SPRINT
In a world shaped by evolving energy realities, IndianOil is advancing
with clarity and conviction. Anchored in our core values and national
responsibility, we are reimagining our future through Project
SPRINT - a company-wide transformation initiative launched on
1st April 2025 to strengthen IndianOil s leadership in a rapidly
transitioning energy landscape.
SPRINT
A. Transformational Project
influential women in the world - a tribute not just to her talent, but to
the inclusive sporting ecosystem fostered by IndianOil.
Our initiatives also bore fruit on the global stage with Project Shakti
athlete Jyoti Chauhan donning India s colours at the Paris Olympics,
marking a proud milestone in IndianOil s mission to nurture young
women athletes from underprivileged backgrounds. Project Shakti
continues to empower talented young women athletes by providing
access to world-class coaching, infrastructure and exposure, reinforcing
our belief in sports as a tool for social transformation.
2024-25 also saw the impactful launch of IndianOil DivyaShakti,
supporting 100 promising para-athletes - half of them women -
furthering our focus on diversity and inclusion. Initiatives like
Parivartan and Nai Disha expanded their reach to 220 correctional
homes, using sports as a tool for transformation, rehabilitation
and hope.
These initiatives are not just about medals, they are about building
futures, breaking barriers and energising a generation. At IndianOil,
sports is more than a pursuit - IT is a purpose.
Sd/-
A. S Sahney
Chairman
SPRINT focuses on six strategic pillars: Strengthening our Core,
Propelling Cost Optimisation, Reinforcing Customer-Centricity,
Integrating Technology and Innovation, Nurturing Talent and
Leadership and Becoming Transition-Ready. These pillars are
anchored in a simple yet powerful framework of the 3 Cs - Core,
Cost, Customer - and 3 Ts - Technology, Talent, Transition.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Waterfront Retail Outlet at Fort Kochi Established in 1963

Integrated
Report
As IndianOil sprints ahead in its
journey of value creation, IT follows an
integrated approach, which includes
strong governance standards,
risk management and mitigation,
stakeholder engagement to identify
and address key material issues and
above all judicious capital allocation.

Our Board of Directors provide strategic
direction and clear oversight ensuring that
management actions align with the Company s
long-term vision, mission and values.
Governance
Leading with
Exemplary Governance
Through well-defined policies, risk management systems and ethical leadership,
we promote a culture of accountability and resilience that supports both
operational excellence and our energy transition agenda.
Kamal Kumar Gwalani
Company Secretary
As IndianOil advances its
transformation journey through
SPRINT, our commitment to
governance remains unwavering
with well-defined policies and
ethical and responsible business
practices. The trust we build with
stakeholders stems not only from our
performance, but from the principles
that guide IT.
Gujarat Refinery Administrative Building
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

PILLARS OF GOVERNANCE
Our Board of Directors shape our strategic vision,
ethical framework and decision-making processes. To
successfully embed strategic initiatives, risk management,
performance enhancement and sustainable development
within our operations, IT is essential that decisions are
made independently and based on thorough, well-informed
judgment.
Recognising that a strong corporate culture is key to our
success, the Board defines our strategic priorities, core
values, vision and mission. Such a foundation strengthens
our ability to act as a progressive business entity, seize
emerging market opportunities and uphold a governance
framework that consistently delivers value to all stakeholders.
Integrity and accountability are core of our organisational
values. The various initiatives including the Conduct Appeal
and Discipline Rules, the Standing Orders and Whistle Blower
Policy encourages employees to align their actions with our core
principles, providing them with a secure channel to report any
misconduct. IT safeguards whistleblowers against retaliation,
ensuring that concerns can be raised freely and without fear.
We have formulated a Code of Conduct (CoC) specifically
for our Board Members and Senior Management. The Code
serves as a crucial guide, emphasising the significance of
personal and professional integrity, honesty and ethical
behaviour in all that we do.
Strategic
Leadership with a
Visionary Outlook
Promoting Integrity
and Responsibility
Establishing Trust
Through Robust
Governance Practices
Nurturing a Resilient
Organisational
Culture
Corporate Overview

Leadership Team
Driving Progress
through Agile Stewardship
IN A LEFT-TO-RIGHT SEQUENCE
Suman Kumar
Director (Planning and Business
Development)
Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
A. S Sahney
Chairman
Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

N. Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines)
upto 30.06.2025
V. Satish Kumar
Director (Marketing)
upto 31.07.2025
Alok Sharma
Director (Research and
Development)
Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
Corporate Overview

Our Board steers the organisation with integrity and foresight, upholding the highest
ethical standards, while ensuring compliance with regulatory guidelines.
Board Profile
Guided by
Visionary Foresight
CHAIRMAN
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTORS
A. S Sahney
Chairman
R
LS
PP
N
Graduate in
Chemical Engineering
Anuj Jain
Director
(Finance)
S
P
R
CSR
PP
LS
Graduate in
Commerce & Chartered
Accountant
Graduate & Post-
Graduate in Chemical
Engineering
Dr Alok Sharma
Director
(Research & Development)
PP
P
Graduate in Science
& Post Graduate in
Management
Rashmi Govil
Director
(Human Resources)
CSR
S
PP
Graduate in Mechanical
Engineering & Post
Graduate in Management
Director
(Refineries)
Arvind Kumar
R
LS
PP
GOVERNMENT NOMINEE DIRECTORS
Esha Srivastava
Graduate in Political Science
& an Indian Foreign Service
Officer (2004)
Graduate in Law & an
Indian Adminstrative
Service Officer (2006)
Dr Sujata Sharma
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Graduate in Automobile
Engineering & Post
Graduate in Mechanical
Engineering
Krishnan Sadagopan
A
N
P
R
S
Post Graduate in
Ayurvedic Medicine, Post
Graduate in Psychology &
Doctorate in Medicine
Dr D R Sirpurker
N
A
CSR
P
Post Graduate in
Forestry & an Indian
Forest Service Officer
(1993)
Prasenjit Biswas
CSR
N
A
S
Graduate in Mechanical
Engineering & Post
Graduate in Management
Director (Planning &
Business Development)
R
PP
LS
Suman Kumar
Audit Committee
A
Risk Management
Committee
R
LNG Sourcing
Committee
LS
Corporate Social
Responsibility and
Sustainable Development
Committee
CSR
Project Evaluation
Committee
P
Contracts Committee
Planning and Projects
Committee
PP
Marketing Strategies
Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
N
Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
S
Deleasing of Immoveable
Properties Committee
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Being a Government Company, all Directors on the Board are appointed through
a transparent process overseen by the Government of India. The selection
process considers the core skills and competencies essential for effective
Board functioning in the context of IndianOil s diverse operations.
Board Composition and Diversity
Composition
Gender
Age
(%)
Whole-time (Executive)
Directors - 6 (54.55%)
Male Directors - 8 (72.73%)
Age 35-45 - 1 (9.09%)
Government Nominee
Directors - 2 (18.18%)
Female Directors - 3 (27.27%)
Age 46-55 - 4 (36.36%)
Non-Executive Independent
Directors - 3 (27.27%)
Age 55 and above - 6 (54.55%)
FINANCE AND LEGAL
OVERSIGHT
HUMAN CAPITAL
AND ORGANISATION
DEVELOPMENT
RISK
MANAGEMENT
ESG AND
Sustainability
PUBLIC POLICY AND
GOVERNANCE
ENERGY AND HYDROCARBON
VALUE CHAIN
DIGITAL
TRANSFORMATION
Core Areas of
Expertise of
Directors
Corporate Overview

IndianOil operates in a dynamic environment influenced by geopolitical
developments, market volatility, regulatory changes and technological shifts.
Recognising the potential impact of these factors on our business, we have
adopted a comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) policy. This
policy enables the systematic identification, assessment and mitigation of
risks across all levels of the organisation. IT supports informed decision-
making, strengthens operational resilience and ensures alignment with our
strategic objectives.
Risk Management
Charting the Future
with Foresight and Fortitude
INDIANOIL S RISK GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
BUSINESS RISK ASSESSMENT
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Risk Management Committee (RMC)
Risk Management Compliance Board (RMCB)
State/Unit Level Committees
Six Capitals
Intellectual
Financial
Human
Manufactured
Social and
Relationship
Natural
Systematic Identification and Evaluation

N Identification and categorisation of risks based on impact and
likelihood

N Categorisation of risks into four levels: High, Medium, On Radar
and Low
Risk Mitigation and Monitoring

N Employ strategies such as avoidance, reduction, transfer and
acceptance

N Continuous monitoring and regular reviews to ensure effectiveness
Integration into Decision-making

N Strategic planning and operational decisions with risk assessment
insights

N Balance risks and opportunities for sustainable growth
Continuous Improvement

N. Regular meetings of the Risk Management Compliance Board

N Address emerging concerns and adjust mitigation plans proactively
Collaboration and Coordination

N Foster collaboration across business segments and departments

N Ensure comprehensive risk assessment and effective mitigation
strategies through shared expertise
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

MARKET COMPETITIVENESS RISK
MACROECONOMIC VOLATILITY RISK
Risk Description
Risk Description
Stakeholder Impacted
Stakeholder Impacted
Capitals
Capitals
Mitigation Strategies
Mitigation Strategies
Rising competition, rapid technological shifts and evolving
consumer preferences threaten our market share, profitability
and adaptability - necessitating the need for strategic actions to
sustain our competitive advantage.
In the energy sector, our operational and financial performance
are vulnerable to macroeconomic fluctuations - especially due
to volatile global crude oil prices driven by geopolitical tensions,
supply-demand imbalances and changing economic conditions.

N Implementing lean manufacturing and digital tools to reduce
costs and enhance agility

N Investing in R&D for next-generation products aligned with
emerging market needs

N Using advanced analytics to track and respond to shifting
customer preferences in real time

N Accelerating digital transformation across sales, service and
product development functions

N Forming strategic alliances to access new markets,
technologies and innovative solutions

N Diversifying crude oil procurement sources to minimise
dependency on single suppliers and reduce supply chain risks

N Enhancing operational efficiency to build resilience against
market price fluctuations

N Deploying process innovations and advanced technologies to
reduce operational costs and increase operational flexibility

N Developing strategic partnerships with dedicated teams and
channel partners to ensure reliable energy supply and shared
Risk Management

N Implementing systematic cost monitoring and optimisation
of fuel, energy and operational expenditures to protect
profit margins
Investors and Shareholders, Government and
Regulatory Bodies, Business Partners, Customers
Investors and Shareholders, Government
and Regulatory Bodies, Business Partners
Corporate Overview

CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK
HUMAN RESOURCE RISK
Risk Description
Risk Description
Stakeholder Impacted
Stakeholder Impacted
Capitals
Capitals
Mitigation Strategies
Mitigation Strategies
Our international trade and foreign currency borrowings expose
us to exchange rate fluctuations, which affect import/export costs
and profitability. Rupee depreciation also increases repayment
obligations on foreign currency loans.
We face challenges in attracting and retaining talent, addressing skill
gaps in emerging technologies and ensuring succession planning - all
of which can affect operations, growth and long-term sustainability.

N Continuously monitoring global and domestic economic
indicators for early risk detection

N Actively hedging exchange rate exposures as per approved risk
management policies

N Optimising borrowing mix by balancing domestic and low-cost
foreign currency loans

N Enforcing cost control measures to preserve margins under
adverse currency movements

N Conducting regular sensitivity analyses to assess financial
impact and adjust strategies accordingly

N Ensuring compliance with health and safety regulations and
implement strict workplace safety protocols

N Providing targeted training to upskill employees in emerging
technologies and critical functions

N. Strengthening
leadership
pipeline
structured
succession planning initiatives

N Investing in employee development and career advancement
programmes to retain high-potential talent

N Promoting a culture of continuous learning to ensure the
workforce is future-ready
Employees and contractual workers,
Government and regulatory bodies
Investors and Shareholders, Government
and Regulatory Bodies, Business Partners
Risk level decreased compared to last year
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

ENVIRONMENTAL RISK
CYBERSECURITY RISK
Risk Description
Stakeholder Impacted
Capitals
Mitigation
Our operations are exposed to cyber threats and digital vulnerabilities
that could compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability
of critical data and systems.

N Implemented a multi-layered (defence-in-depth) cybersecurity
architecture

N Adopted a robust Data Privacy Policy aligned with global best
practices

N Achieved ISO 27001:2013 certification for all data centres to
ensure information security compliance

N Protecting sensitive data related to internal processes,
customers, partners and employees

N Continuously monitor, audit and upgrade cybersecurity
infrastructure to counter evolving threats
Business partners, Customers,
Government and Regulatory Bodies
Risk Description
Stakeholder Impacted
Capitals
Mitigation Strategies
Our large-scale refining and petrochemical operations pose
environmental risks related to emissions and waste, while climate
change increases exposure to supply chain and infrastructure
disruptions due to weather impact and natural calamities.

N Achieved full BS-VI compliance in fuels to reduce vehicular
emissions

N Committed to Net-Zero operational emissions by 2046,
aligning with national climate goals

N Advancing green initiatives including green hydrogen,
biofuels, renewables and CCUS

N. Actively participating in the UN Global Compact Programme
to reinforce sustainability efforts

N Investing in ecosystem restoration and resilient infrastructure
to address climate vulnerabilities
Government and regulatory bodies,
Communities and society
Risk level remained the same compared to last year
Corporate Overview

Stakeholders are enablers of our value creation journey and as such,
maintaining ongoing engagement with them is vital. Through meaningful
and continuous dialogue with our diverse stakeholder groups, we
strengthen our foundation and co-create pathways towards a more
sustainable and value-accretive future.
Stakeholder Engagement
Empowering Strategy
through Stakeholder Engagement
INVESTORS AND
SHAREHOLDERS
CUSTOMERS
EMPLOYEES AND
CONTRACTUAL
WORKERS
Our success is deeply rooted in the continued
support and active involvement of our investors
and shareholders.
Customers are central to our business, inspiring us
to innovate and address some of the world s most
critical challenges.
Our people are the backbone of the organisation and
we deeply value their contributions and well-being.

N Growth-focused strategy

N. Strong financials

N. Ethical practices

N. Transparent disclosures

N High-quality, technologically advanced products

N Economical and scalable solutions

N Prompt and responsive service

N. Improved
engagement
consistent
feedback mechanisms

N Ongoing dialogue and engagement

N Equitable and competitive compensation

N Inclusive, transparent, equitable and secure
working environment

N Prospects for professional advancement
Annual General Meeting, website, social media,
media articles and interviews, shareholders
satisfaction survey and grievance portal
Website, customer satisfaction survey, social
media, mobile application, personalised SMS,
media articles and interviews
Team meetings, training and development
sessions, emails, notice boards, online intranet
portal, feedback through open channels of
communication with the management through
various forums, including internal employee
satisfaction surveys
Continuous
Continuous
Continuous
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Key outcomes

N Net profit of ₹12,962 Crore with return on capital
employed at 7.10%

N Total proposed dividend of ₹4,131 Crore for 2024-25
with a payout ratio of 32%
Capital impacted
Capital impacted
Capital impacted
SDGs impacted
SDGs impacted
SDGs impacted

N Business ethics and accountability

N. Anti-Corruption

N Data integrity and cybersecurity

N. Grievance redressal

N. Data Integrity & Cybersecurity

N. Grievance redressal

N. Product stewardship and Customer
Satisfaction

N. Health & Safety

N. Talent Management

N. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion(DEI) and
Human Rights

N Asset integrity & Process safety
Key outcomes

N Enhanced IndianOil One App with refill tracking,
smart notifications and grievance logging

N. Introduced biometric-linked Delivery Authentication
Code (DAC) for LPG delivery security
Key outcomes

N. Hired 1,080 employees

N Conducted 28,867 man-days of safety training
Chairman, Directors and IndianOil officials with Customer Attendants at Haldia
Corporate Overview

GOVERNMENT
AND
REGULATORY
BODIES
BUSINESS
PARTNERS
COMMUNITIES
AND SOCIETY
These bodies play an important role in ensuring seamless
functioning of our business. Adherence to regulatory
standards is essential for maintaining our credibility
and meeting stakeholder expectations.
We focus on promoting strong, collaborative relationships
with our service providers, vendors, dealers and channel
partners to ensure an appropriate understanding of our
strategies and goals.
Our high-impact commuity outreach programmes
help in uplifting communities across geographies.

N Adherence to laws, operational transparency and
timely disclosures

N Collaboration on regulatory affairs, commitment to
safety and environmental standards and support
for community development

N Execution of government-led initiatives and
schemes

N Strategic growth and expansion

N Integrity in business practices

N Clear and transparent reporting

N Prompt and reliable payments

N Ongoing dialogue and engagement

N. Fair compensation

N Inclusive, transparent and safe workplace

N Opportunities for career growth
Meetings, online government portals, physical
submission of applications and returns,
among other methods
Physical meetings, online meetings, mails
and calls
Physical meetings, online meetings and
community engagement programmes
Need-based
Continuous
Need-based
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

N. Environmental Impact

N. Anti-Corruption

N. Data Integrity and Cybersecurity

N. Grievance redressal
Capital impacted
Capital impacted
Capital impacted
SDGs impacted
SDGs impacted
SDGs impacted
Key outcomes

N Achieved full BS-VI fuel compliance, upholding our
commitment to Net-Zero operations by 2046

N Contributed ₹2,32,299 Crore to the national
exchequer

N. Anti-Corruption

N. Supply Chain Management

N. Data Integrity and Cybersecurity

N. Grievance redressal
Key outcomes

N Expanded ESG vendor risk assessments and
utilised SRM system for supplier governance

N Supported MSEs through digital platforms
(NIC, GeM) and eased eligibility norms

N. Environmental Impact

N. Community development
Key outcomes

N Spent ₹583 Crore on CSR activities

N 1.36+ Crore beneficiaries
Corporate Overview

In a rapidly evolving energy landscape, identifying the issues that
matter most is key to staying resilient and future-ready. Our materiality
assessment plays a significant role in aligning our strategic priorities
with stakeholder expectations by evaluating critical factors across
economic, environmental, social and governance dimensions. This
structured approach helps us focus on what truly drives long-term,
sustainable value creation.
Materiality Assessment
Anchored Approach
to Sustainable Growth
The dobule materiality assessment conducted in 2024-25 helped us to evaluate issues that are
most important to our stakeholders. This process adheres to recognised global standards such as
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and United Nations
Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs). Using a structured approach, we held extensive
discussions with our leadership team to validate and shortlist material issues identified through
stakeholder engagement exercises.
MATERIALITY APPROACH

N Analysis of key trends in the oil and gas sector

N Assessment of principal risks and opportunities

N Benchmarking against peer organisations to
identify material issues

N Feedback and validation from key stakeholders
IOCian Engaged in Plant Operations
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

MATERIAL ISSUES IDENTIFIED
Social

N. Health and Safety

N. Community Development

N. Talent Management

N. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion(DEI) & Human Rights

N. Asset Integrity and Process Safety

N. Supply Chain Management
Governance

N. Business Ethics and Accountability

N. Anti-Corruption

N. Data Integrity and Cybersecurity

N. Grievance Redressal
Environment

N. GHG Emissions

N. Air Emissions

N. Water Stewardship

N. Circularity Integration
Growing Stronger Together
Strategic Green Spaces that Support Biodiversity and Reflect IndianOil s ESG Focus
IndianOil s Board Addressing Media

N. Climate Adaptation, Resilience and Transition

N. Environmental Impact

N. Product Stewardship and Customer
Satisfaction
Corporate Overview

IndianOil s Value Creation Model
Sprint ahead with
6. Capitals, 1 Vision
THE SIX CAPITALS WE STEWARD
VALUE CREATION PROCESS
Fuelling India for over 60 years with
reliability and resilience
Net-Zero roadmap, circularity, green fuels,
e-mobility
Automated fuel stations
Petrol
Diesel
CBG
Electric vehicle
charging facilities
Trust
OUR
ENABLERS
Transition
Midstream
Downstream
Product retailing
Financial Capital
Net worth (as per Companies Act) - J1,50,863 Crore
Market Capitalisation - J1,80,328 Crore
Enterprise Value - J3,14,530 Crore
10 refineries
63,000+ marketing touchpoints, CGD & LNG
terminals, EV charging stations and alternate
energy sites
20,000+ Km pipelines
Manufactured Capital
J 1,067 Crore spend on R&D and major
innovation initiatives.
42 start-ups incubated
Intellectual Capital
29,941 Employees
Leadership development
programmes
Diversity, Equity and
Inclusion (DEI) initiatives
10+ Lakh Training hours
Human Capital
850+ CSR projects
1.36+ Crore beneficiaries, partnerships with
state and central bodies
42% Procurement
from MSEs
Social & Relationship Capital
Harness Renewable
Energy Potential
Carbon management
initiatives
Responsible Waste Management
Water Conservation
Initiatives
ENCON initiatives
Natural Capital
Exploration &
Production
Crude Oil Import
& Transportation
Pipelines &
Mid-level Storages
LNG Terminals
and Re-gasification
Infrastructure
Distribution &
Marketing (Retail,
Aviation, LPG,
Industrial Fuels)
Digital & Customer
Solutions
(Automation, AI-
optimised delivery,
Green Loyalty
Platforms)
Refining &
Petrochemicals
Natural Gas Supply
to Bulk Consumers
City Gas
Distribution (CGD)
Blended fuels
CNG
Upstream
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

OUTPUTS & OUTCOMES
SDGs
Digital refineries, smart pipelines,
AI-enabled analytics
Future-ready workforce, leadership
pipeline, inclusive culture
Technology
Talent
Efficient, high-end fuels and lubricants
Aviation
Rail
Shipping Defence
Fuel for large Customer
Revenue J 8,45,513 Crore
Sustainable profit growth, strong liquidity, investor
confidence
PAT J 12,962 Crore
Return on Average Net
Worth (%) 8.76%
ROCE 7.10%
Dividend payout
ratio 32%
EBITDA J 38,060 Crore
Financial Capital
Asset modernisation, supply reliability, digital
infrastructure, EV infra expansion
82.02. MMT
Group Refinery throughput
100+ MMT Product sales
100+ MMT
Pipeline throughput
Manufactured Capital
Future-proofed operations, enhanced digital
capabilities, commercialisation of R&D
1,809 patents filed
AI-optimised logistics and
asset monitoring systems
Intellectual Capital
86. Intellectual Property
Rights (IPRs) created
through Start-ups
incubation
Safer, inclusive, high-performance workforce with
strong learning culture
1% Attrition
Human Capital
Trust-based partnerships, inclusive growth, rural
development
J 583.04 Crore
CSR spent
Healthcare, Education &
Skilling and various other
thrust areas with touchpoints
across pan India
Social & Relationship Capital
Lower emissions, circularity in waste/water,
higher green energy mix
252.1. MW Renewable
Energy capacity
Expanded green fuels infrastructure
39.8. Bn Litres
Wastewater Recycled
Natural Capital
Alternate & Renewable Energy
(Solar, Biofuels, CBG, EV Infra)
New Energy Ecosystem
Corporate Overview

We strategically allocate financial resources to optimise returns,
while funding innovation and transition projects. Our core
investments in refining, pipelines and distribution networks
ensure operational excellence, even as we channel capital
towards cleaner energy ventures. The trade-off here involves
balancing immediate financial performance with long-term
sustainable growth in a rapidly evolving energy landscape.
Our robust infrastructure forms the backbone of energy
security. Maintaining and upgrading this infrastructure is
critical, yet we carefully weigh every decision and adopt a
well-considered approach, which includes fortifying our core
assets and investing in new energy solutions.
Innovation is the engine of our energy transition. We invest
in deep research and applications to drive breakthroughs in
cleaner fuels and efficiency. Trade-offs involve prioritising
projects that not only reduce carbon footprint, but also enhance
operational resilience and stakeholder value.
Our people are at the heart of everything we do. We are
committed to nurturing talent and building a culture that
prioritises safety, inclusion and continuous learning. We
continue to invest in human capital, ensuring our workforce
remains agile, empowered and equipped to drive progress
through every stage of the energy transition.
We build enduring partnerships with communities, customers,
regulators and suppliers. Strategic trade-offs arise in managing
expectations and aligning stakeholder interests, as we pursue
social license to operate alongside transformative energy goals.
Conservation and nurturing the environment guide every
decision at IndianOil. We are committed to minimising emissions,
optimising resource use and investing in renewable sources. This
involves trade-offs between resource-intensive legacy operations
and cleaner alternatives, balancing current energy demands with
ecological stewardship.
As we SPRINT ahead in our journey, the prudent deployment of Capitals -
Financial, Manufactured, Intellectual, Human, Social & Relationship and Natural
- are important. Together, these capitals serve as the strategic levers of our
value creation approach.
Fuelling Sustainable Growth
by Aligning Capital
with Performance and Purpose
FINANCIAL
CAPITAL
HUMAN
CAPITAL
MANUFACTURED
CAPITAL
SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP
CAPITAL
INTELLECTUAL
CAPITAL
NATURAL
CAPITAL
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

(as on March 31, 2025)
REFINERY
(Location)
CAPACITY IN
MMTPA
(As on 31st
March 2025)
Digboi
0.65
Guwahati
1.20
Barauni
6.00
Gujarat (Koyali)
13.70
Haldia
8.00
Bongaigaon
2.70
Mathura
8.00
Panipat
15.00
Paradip
15.00
IOC
70.25
CPCL
10.50
IOC+CPCL
80.75
PIPELINES
LENGTH
(KM)
INSTALLED CAPACITY
(MMTPA/MMSCMD)
A
Product Pipelines
A1
Product Pipelines excluding LPG and Dedicated ATF
KAPL
Koyali Ahmedabad Pipeline
1.10
KJPPL
Koyali Jaipur Panipat Pipeline
5.00
KDPL
Koyali Dahej Pipeline
2.60
KRPL
Koyali Ratlam Pipeline
2.00
BKPL
Barauni Kanpur Pipeline
5.50
HMRPL
Haldia Mourigram Rajbandh Pipeline
1.35
12. HBPL
Haldia Barauni Pipeline
1.25
GSPL
Guwahati Siliguri Pipeline
1.40
PBPL
Panipat Bhatinda Pipeline
3.00
PRPL
Panipat Rewari Pipeline
2.10
PAJPL
Panipat Ambala Jalandhar Pipeline
3.50
PDPL
Panipat Delhi Pipeline
3.00
MDPL
Mathura Delhi Pipeline
3.70
MAGPL
Mathura Agra Gawria Pipeline
4.00
MBPL
Mathura Bharatpur Pipeline
1.20
CTMPL
Chennai Trichy Madurai Pipeline
3.90
CBPL
Chennai Bangalore Pipeline
2.45
PRRPL
Paradip Raipur Ranchi Pipeline
5.00
PHPL
Paradip Hyderabad Pipeline
4.50
PSHPL
Paradip Somnathpur Haldia Pipeline
4.60
KASPL
Koyali Ahmednagar Solapur Pipeline
5.00
18" HBPL
Haldia Barauni Pipeline
3.40
Product Pipelines excluding LPG and Dedicated ATF (Total)
11064
69.55
A2
Dedicated ATF Pipelines
PBPL ATF
Panipat Bijwasan ATF line
1.00
Chennai ATF
Chennai Meenambakkam ATF Pipeline
0.18
Bengaluru ATF
Devangonthi Devanhalli Pipeline
0.66
Kolkata ATF
Kolkata ATF Pipeline
0.20
Lucknow ATF
Lucknow ATF Pipeline
0.21
Bhubaneshwar
ATF
Bhubaneshwar ATF Pipeline
0.12
Total (A2)
2.37
A3
LPG Pipelines
PJPL
Panipat Jalandhar Pipeline
0.70
PHBMPL
Paradip Haldia Barauni Motihari
Pipeline
3.50
Total (A3)
4.20
Total (A1+A2+A3)
13345
Locations are indicative
PIPELINES
LENGTH
(KM)
INSTALLED CAPACITY
(MMTPA/MMSCMD)
B
Crude Oil Pipelines
SMPL
Salaya Mathura Pipeline
25.00
MPPL
Mundra Panipat Pipeline
8.40
PHBPL
Paradip Haldia Barauni Pipeline
20.40
Crude Oil Pipelines (B)
53.80
Cumulative (Crude + Product)
18668
129.92
Gas Pipelines
DPPL
Dadri Panipat R LNG Pipeline
143.3
9.50
ETBPL
Ennore-Tuticorn-Bengaluru Pipeline
1087.5
34.67
DKPL
Dahej Koyali R LNG Pipeline
106.0
5.23
Gas Pipelines (C)
1336.8
49.40
IndianOil Pipelines Network (Crude, Product and Gas)
20005
129.92 MMTPA# and
49.40 MMSCMD$
Map not to scale
Pipelines Projects as on 1st April 2025
Pipelines
Length(KM) Capacity(MMTPA/MMSCMD)
Ongoing Product Pipelines Projects Excluding LPG
Product pipeline from CBR to Asanur
139.00
4.50
Re-routing of BKPL for connectivity to proposed terminal at Mirzapur
12.40
0.00
Branch Pipeline on PRRPL to Mera-mandalli CUF
21.51
0.00
ATF Pipeline from JNPT to Navi Mumbai International Airport
22.00
4.45
Extension of Asanur-Sankari Section of CTMPL up to Irugur
131.00
0.00
Devangonthi-Chitradurga Pipeline
234.00
2.60
Siliguri-Jhapa Pipeline(36 km in India and 14 km in Nepal)
50.00
1.00
Amlekhgunj-Chitwan Pipeline(total pipeline length in Nepal)
62.00
0.00
Re-routing of existing ATF Pipeline from Lucknow Terminal to Lucknow AFS
0.45
0.00
Total Product Pipelines excluding LPG
672.36
12.55
Ongoing LPG Pipelines Projects
Extension of PJPL from Jalandhar to Goindwal Sahib BP
85.00
0.50
Laying of additional spur line between IPPL Terminal at Haldia and
PHBMPL Haldia
1.20
-
Total LPG Pipelines
86.20
0.50
Ongoing Crude Pipelines Projects
Augmentation of SMPL crude oil pipeline systems for J18
0.00
10.00
New Mundra Panipat Crude Oil Pipeline for P-25
1033.00
17.50
Total Crude Pipelines
1033.00
27.50
Ongoing Gas Pipelines Projects
Ennore-Tuticorin-BengaIuru R LNG Pipeline
356.00
1.00
Hazaribagh-Ranchi RLNG Pipeline
67.83
1.00
Total Gas Pipelines
423.83
2.00
Ongoing Liquid and Gas Pipeline Projects
Total Product Pipelines excluding LPG
672.36
12.55. MMTPA
Total LPG Pipelines
86.2
0.50. MMTPA
Total Crude Oil Pipelines
1033.00
27.50. MMTPA
Total Gas Pipelines
423.83
2. MMSCMD
Cumulative
2215.39
40.55. MMTPA
2. MMSCMD
Summary
Operating Pipelines
Operating Pipelines as on 1st April 2025
Details of Group Refineries

Manufactured
S
P
R
N
T
STRENGTHEN CORE BUSINESSES
To secure and expand IndianOil s leadership in its foundational sectors:

N Maintain leadership position as India s largest refining player

N Increase market share in fuel retailing through network expansion and
customer focus

N Strengthen leadership across institutional business segments

N Scale petrochemicals and specialty chemicals capacity to capture new value pools
Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
IndianOil scaled new heights in 2024-25 with
record refining throughput, extensive pipeline &
marketing network and highest-ever
petrochemical & natural gas sales. With
massive infrastructure upgrades, digitalised
operations and cleaner fuel logistics, the
Company is reinforcing its core while gearing
up for a low-carbon future.
Sprint ahead -
Strengthening
the Core,
Reimagining
Portfolio Mix
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The best-in-class infrastructure and
advanced facilities form the cornerstone
of our operations, enabling us to deliver
energy with security, reliability and
efficiency. We are not just strengthening
our assets across refining, pipelines and
marketing locations, but also integrating
smarter, cleaner and more efficient
technologies to effectively transition
to a low-carbon future. Our network
of refineries, pipelines and marketing
locations underpins a resilient, scalable
and future-ready ecosystem - a solid
foundation to thrive in a dynamic energy
landscape.
MATERIAL MATTERS
SDGs LINKAGE

N. Product stewardship and Customer Satisfaction

N. Environmental Impact

N Asset integrity and Process safety

N. Supply Chain Management
STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
Investor and Shareholders
Employees and Contractual Workers
Government and Regulatory Bodies
Corporate Overview

N Paradip Refinery commissioned the indDSK (KHDS) unit, producing ultra-low sulphur kerosene (<8 ppm) for pipeline-compatible
delivery.

N STORM-X, a high-octane racing fuel, especially formulated by Paradip Refinery, was successfully used in the MRF MMSC FMSCI
Indian National Car Racing Championship.

N Mathura Refinery commissioned an Electrostatic Coalescer Prewash (ECP) package, enabling the processing of high-TAN crudes for
ATF production, reducing spent caustic generation and enhancing ATF yield.
Innovations and Initiatives for a Cleaner, Greener Tomorrow
A. Legacy to
Remember and Celebrate
BARAUNI REFINERY S
DIAMOND JUBILEE
was celebrated by the inauguration of the Drishti Path
technology exhibition centre, a commemorative My
Stamp and the donation of TruNAT medical machines.
HALDIA REFINERY S
GOLDEN JUBILEE
saw the launch of landmark CSR projects Drishti
and Shakti for eye and neurological care,
alongside cultural celebrations such as the Haldia
Boat Race and the inaugural IndianOil XtraMile
Marathon (IOXM 2025).
As India s flagship downstream energy Company, IndianOil s Refineries Division continues to play a pivotal role in ensuring the nation s
energy self-sufficiency, while evolving to meet emerging sustainability mandates. In 2024-25, our refineries delivered strong operational
performance, driven by innovation, efficiency and a clear focus on decarbonisation in line with our SPRINT strategy. We processed
71.56 MMT of crude oil during the year, operating at 102% of installed capacity.
REFINERIES DIVISION
Modernising Infrastructure, Enhancing Capacity
Commissioned a 7.5-Km DHDT feed pipeline, the longest in
its operational history, bolstering diesel hydro-processing
capabilities.
Digboi Refinery
A 220KV grid power facility was facility inaugrated for
reducing fuel consumption, cutting power costs and
integrating green energy.
Mathura Refinery
Commissioned Low Radiation Vacuum Preheaters (LRVPs)
in both AVUs - a first in IndianOil s network - reducing
steam consumption by 6.8 TPH and generating an annual
savings of H13.8 Crore.
Panipat Refinery
Commissioned the Synthesis Gas and NBA unit (point of
OXO Alcohol Project), marking our entry into the production
of 99.97% pure Normal Butanol- a critical feedstock for
the chemical industry.
Gujarat Refinery
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

As India s foremost energy transporter, our Pipelines Division continues to play a pivotal role in strengthening the nation s energy
infrastructure - efficiently, securely and sustainably. In 2024-25, aligned with our SPRINT Ahead theme, the Division focused on
enhancing capacity, integrating cleaner fuels and embedding digital intelligence into operations.
PIPELINES DIVISION
Mundra Panipat Pipeline Hub
Our cross-country pipeline network, spanning over 20,005 Km
(increased by 261 Km), now has a total capacity of 129.92 MMTPA for
crude and products and 49.4 MMSCMD for gas. These underground
energy highways handled a record throughput of 96.924 MMT
of liquids and 4,668 MMSCM of gas, showcasing resilience and
reliability in the face of growing national demand and transition
imperatives.

N Significant throughput achievements, despite planned refinery
shutdowns. Highest-ever product and gas pipeline throughput,
with product throughput rising 3% y-o-y to 45.4 MMT.

N Commissioned critical sections, including the Vijaywada -
Hyderabad stretch under the Paradip - Hyderabad Pipeline
and new connections under the Karwar and Kandla-Gorakhpur
projects, improving regional connectivity.

N Over 6,000 Km of pipeline integrity checks completed through
Inline Inspections (ILI), with 4,500 Km using in-house R&D tools.

N. Deployed Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV)-based monitoring
and nano drones across 610 Km of critical Right-of-Way,
integrated with Pipeline Intrusion Detection and Warning
Systems (PIDWS)

N Initiated pipeline transport of E-20 ethanol-blended petrol and
B-1 biodiesel-blended diesel, aligned with biofuel goals.

N Commenced LPG pumping from Paradip import terminal and
extended MS supplies to Nepal via the Motihari-Amlekhgunj
pipeline, enhancing cross-border trade.

N Expanded CGD infrastructure to over 9,300 Km, adding 2 Lakh
new PNG domestic connections, marking 75% annual growth.

N Added 92 new CNG stations and reached peak gas sales of
4.54 Lakh kg/day, supporting the gas economy transition.

N Approved projects worth ₹1,500+ Crore to enhance logistics in
Bihar and Nepal through new pipelines and terminals.

N Launched EPMC and PMC services, marking a shift towards
end-to-end infrastructure development capabilities.
IndianOil s Pipelines Division remains a strategic enabler in India s
evolving energy landscape. By modernising core infrastructure,
integrating cleaner fuels and pushing the boundaries of innovation,
the Division is set to SPRINT ahead - laying the groundwork for a
more sustainable and inclusive energy future.
Corporate Overview

New-age assets commissioned
Malkapur POL Terminal
Bottling plants in Khordha (Odisha), Chithoor (AP) and Purnia (Bihar)
Significant expansion of CNG and CBG stations, totalling 2,437 CNG and 125 CBG outlets.
IndianOil Retail Outlet with Way Side Amenities in Rajasthan

N Efficient turnaround of bitumen terminals at Mangalore and
Haldia, alongside the first bitumen imports from Oman, have
further diversified IndianOil s supply capabilities.

N Commissioned new bottling plants, expanded LPG cylinder
variants such as XTRALITE and launched new safety and
quality protocols through the LPG Equipment Quality Manual.

N Volumes of XTRATEJ, a high-efficiency LPG cylinder, grew
by 48.9%.

N. In lubricants, IndianOil received the Golden Peacock Award
for Innovation and strengthened global logistics by securing
40% of Shipping Corporation of India s global lubes business,
across 70 ports worldwide.

N Strengthened retail marketing with 72 new Way Side Amenities
(WSA) projects, enhancing customer experience at highways
and transit hubs. Key initiatives included the launch of Apna
Ghar under PM1000, partnerships with major hospitality
brands and a growing Non-Fuel Revenue (NFR) stream,
highlighting IndianOil s integrated mobility services model.
In 2024-25, IndianOil strengthened both physical and digital
infrastructure to support the growing fuel and energy distribution
network.
MARKETING DIVISION

N Commissioned 2,823 new Retail Outlets, bringing the total to
40,221, the largest network in India.

N Added 4,656 EV charging stations (EVCS) and 37 battery
swapping stations, making the total count of 13,614 EVCS and
128 swap stations.

N Launched the first-ever exclusive Chhotu Shopee and extended
68 prison ROs under Umeed - A Hope initiative.

N Achieved a record fuel movement of 3,60,708 KL, dispatched in
a single day. Key logistics interventions include commissioning
of rail-loading facilities, pipeline integrations and the successful
first-time coastal and transnational shipments of key fuels to
locations, such as Nepal, Bangladesh and Port Blair.

N The Jatni-Bhubaneshwar ATF pipeline, along with India s first
Vapour Recovery Unit at Paradip, represent new benchmarks
in energy logistics and environmental compliance.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

IndianOil s Petrochemicals business achieved a historic milestone
in 2024-25, achieving highest-ever sales volume of 3.24 MMT
including exports - a significant rise over the 3.1 MMT recorded
in the previous fiscal year. The performance was driven by robust
domestic demand, portfolio expansion, strategic OEM partnerships
and a strong thrust on sustainability and self-reliance.
The Product application and Development centres at Panipat and
Paradip are playing a pivotal role in developing new materials and
applications for better product quality and innovative solutions.
Significant strides in capacity expansion and project approvals

N The IndianOil Board approved execution of the Joint Venture
Agreement with MCPI Pvt. Ltd. for the 300 KTA Yarn Project at
Bhadrak, Odisha

N In-principle approval for a 42-KTPA Propylene Recovery Unit at
Haldia, West Bengal

N Investment approval for ethylene purification and gas-phase
reactors at Paradip

N Launched two new niche PP grades- P1750MN at Paradip and
PP-ICP 5200MG at Panipat. HDPE grade 002DB52 was re-
introduced from Panipat Plant

N During 2024-25, 16 polymer grades received approvals from
various OEM vendors
PETROCHEMICALS
Butadiene
123. TMT
Exceptional Sales Performance Across Segments
Composite polymers (PP & PE)
1,940 TMT
Glycols
483. TMT
LAB + HAB
173 KT
In 2024-25, IndianOil achieved its highest-ever natural gas sales volume of 9.45 MMTPA, marking a 20% growth over the previous year.
This performance grew our market share to 14.2%, reflecting IndianOil s growing stature in India s gas-based transition.
NATURAL GAS

N. Signed a long-term LNG Sale Purchase Agreements (SPAs)
with ADNOC (1.2 MMTPA for 14 years), TotalEnergies (0.8
MMTPA for 10 years) and a term sheet with ADNOC Ruwais
terminal (1 MMTPA for 15 years).

N Spot LNG procurement rose 82% YoY, with 2.11 MMT sourced
through 34 cargoes.

N. New partnerships with ADNOC Trading, KOCH Supply, BB
Energy and PTTTE bolstered flexibility and trading options.

N Signed first international LNG export agreement with Nepal
(Yogya Holdings).

N Became the first seller of LNG cargo on the high seas to HPCL
for commissioning its Chhara terminal.

N Commissioned first LNG consumer station at CONCOR s
Khatuwas terminal, saving logistics costs for CONCOR and
supporting sustainability.

N CGD JV Companies achieved highest-ever sales of 605
MMSCM, commissioning 515 CNG stations, laying 37,000
Inch-Km of pipeline and adding over 5.15 Lakh domestic PNG
connections.

N. Signed MoUs with Shell, ExxonMobil, ONGC and HPCL for
collaborations across LNG bunkering, gas monetisation,
trading and small-scale LNG deployment

N Trading volumes on the Indian Gas Exchange (IGX) tripled to
296. Million Metric Standard Cubic Meters (MMSCM), with
IndianOil accounting for 21% of the total traded volume on
the platform.
Corporate Overview

IndianOil s Exploration & Production (E&P) business continues to
strengthen India s upstream energy security through domestic
and international operations. In 2024-25, the business reported
higher production, expanded its reserve base and achieved notable
milestones across coal bed methane and conventional hydrocarbon
assets. With a calibrated mix of risk-managed global participation
and technology-driven exploration, IndianOil is steadily building
long-term value in the upstream space.
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION

N Share of upstream production for the year increased to 4.45
MMtoe, up from 4.26 MMtoe in the previous year. This increase
was driven by
y Increased production from the PNW Project in Canada
y Commencement of gas production in IndianOil s BK-
CBM-2001/1 block (Jharkhand)

N. The workover operations in Block AAP -ON-94/1 (Dirok, Assam)
has led to discovery of an additional Gas-in-Place (2P) of 127
BCF in the field.

N. Breakthroughs in Coal Bed Methane (CBM), Gas production
commenced from BK-CBM -2001/1 block which initiated
IndianOil s first CBM gas sales via Indian Gas Exchange (IGX)
at Bokaro Hub.

N Completed first-ever acquisition through the NCLT route,
acquiring 100% equity in Mercator Petroleum Limited and
gaining ownership of Block CB-ONN-2005/9 in Gujarat s prolific
Cambay Basin.

N First unconventional hydrocarbon discovery in block Onshore-1,
Abu Dhabi through hydrofracking in well XN-76. Production
Concession Agreement (PCA) signed with ADNOC for Ruwais
discovery to facilitate the commencement of production in
near future.
Lower Zakum Central Supercomplex, UAE - IndianOil Holds a Minority Participating
Interest (PI) in this Giant Oilfield
We accelerated our internationalisation strategy through impactful partnerships, cross-border infrastructure projects
and market expansion.
Expanding across geographies globally

N Two landmark framework agreements were signed with Nepal
Oil Corporation to extend the Motihari-Amlekhgunj Pipeline
to Chitwan (Nepal) and develop the Siliguri-Jhapa (Nepal)
Pipeline, along with two greenfield terminals in Nepal.

N First-ever exports of XP100 and AvGas 100 LL to Sri Lanka and
Bangladesh

N Supplied 635 TMT of petroleum products to Bangladesh

N Established a 50:50 JV - IOML Hulas Lube Pvt. Ltd. - with
Hansraj Hulaschand & Co. Pvt. Ltd. to build a SERVO lube
blending plant in Nepal.

N. A tripartite MoU with Mitsubishi Corporation (Japan and India)
to explore joint ventures in petrochemicals, SAF, logistics,
carbon credits and bioplastics
Signing of B2B Framework Agreement with Nepal Oil Corporation for Development
of Petroleum Infrastructure in Nepal
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Aligned with our Net-Zero 2046 Vision, we are rapidly expanding our green energy portfolio with a strategic focus on Compressed
Biogas (CBG), Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) and community-driven circular economy models.
PIVOTING TOWARDS ALTERNATE ENERGY
IndianOil maintained its leadership in India s bulk explosives
segment, serving critical sectors such as mining, infrastructure
and heavy industry through safe and reliable supply solutions.
In 2024-25, the business achieved record sales of over 319 TMT,
highlighting our position as the preferred partner for several
industry majors.

N Commissioning of a Site Mixed Explosives (SME) plant at
Neyveli, Tamil Nadu, licensed for 4,000 MT per annum - fully
catering to NLC India Ltd. s explosives demand

N Expanded footprint by onboarding Devprabha Mining and Infra
Pvt. Ltd., MDO for Bharat Coking Coal Ltd., marking deeper
penetration in Eastern India

N Developing a Bulk Explosives Support Plant in the Majri area of
Western Coalfields Ltd. and a 30-KTA SME plant at Mandamarri,
Telangana to strengthen capacity and coverage, further
integrating IndianOil into India s industrial energy value chain
EXPLOSIVES
Charging of bulk explosive at a mine site
IndianOil - Powering Green Hydrogen Mobility
Under the Sustainable Alternative Towards Affordable Transportation (SATAT) initiative, IndianOil facilitates private entrepreneurs to set-up
CBG plants. We are scaling-up Compressed Biogas (CBG) production and as of March 2025, 44 CBG plants have been commissioned.
IndianOil facilitated the CBG sale through these plants to 125 Retail Outlets and 4 industrial clients under the brand name IndiGreen .
Of these, IndianOil has commissioned 4 CBG plants with its own investment, including a 100 Tonnes per day cattle dung-based CBG plant at
Adarsh Gaushala, Gwalior, inaugurated by Hon ble Prime Minister.
Further, IndianOil is setting-up 30 CBG plants, with work progressing on 9 projects through our JV, IOC GPS Renewable Pvt. Ltd. The
remaining projects are at various stages of development.
In SAF, we are developing India s first commercial-scale plant with a capacity of 86.8 KTPA in Panipat, in partnership with LanzaJet Inc.,
leveraging their advanced alcohol-to-jet (ATJ) technology.
Corporate Overview

Financial
S
P
R
N
T
PROPEL COST OPTIMISATION
Cost efficiency is key to long-term competitiveness

N Enhance operational efficiency across all verticals

N Reduce high-cost areas such as LPG bottling, civil AFS and logistics

N Achieve best-in-class asset utilisation and profit margins through
strategic cost control
Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
IndianOil delivered resilient financial
performance in 2024-25, effectively managing
the impact of geopolitical instability and
volatile market conditions. With disciplined
cost optimisation, strategic CAPEX and robust
governance, the Company continues to balance
growth, sustainability and stakeholder value.
Sprint ahead -
with Fiscal
Prudence
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notwithstanding macro challenges, our
stellar financial performance over the
decades has been the outcome of prudent
financial management - balancing growth
ambitions with cost optimisation and
sustainability goals across the value chain.
We at IndianOil, remain steadfast in our
resolve - SPRINTing ahead with strategic
vision and proactive investments to create
long-term value for our stakeholders. As a
future-focused Company, we are making
high-impact infrastructure investments to
expand our refining business, coupled with
matching investments in marketing and
pipeline infrastructure.
STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
MATERIAL MATTERS
SDGs LINKAGE
Investor and Shareholders

N. Business Ethics and Accountability
Government and Regulatory Bodies
Corporate Overview

INPUT
OUTPUT
TAX GOVERNANCE
FINANCIAL RESILIENCE
Equity share capital
Revenue from operations
PAT
Operating cash flow
EBITDA
Market Capitalisation
Other equity
Total borrowings
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
13,772
8,45,513
12,962
33,170
38,060
1,80,328
1,64,905
1,34,466
13,772
8,45,513
12,962
33,170
38,060
1,80,328
1,64,905
1,34,466
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
13,772
8,66,345
39,619
68,097
74,182
2,36,884
1,62,943
1,16,496
We mitigate financial risks and ensure resilience through

N Proactive treasury operations and liquidity buffers

N Hedging strategies for forex and interest rate risks

N Stress-tested planning for external shocks

N Optimised debt portfolio with sustainable gearing levels
These practices ensure our ability to perform consistently and
transform responsibly, true to the spirit of SPRINT.
IndianOil s tax governance is anchored in an integrated strategy
that combines efficient tax planning, proactive dispute resolution
and real-time policy monitoring. We leverage technologies such as
Robotic Process Automation, maintain rigorous compliance checks
and continuously review business models and documentation to
enhance tax efficiency and alignment.
Disputes are managed through legal reviews, advance rulings and
close collaboration with tax authorities, while emerging policy
changes are assessed through CBIC updates, impact analyses and
supply chain reviews - ensuring compliance, informed decision-
making and sustained operational resilience.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

KEY RATIOS
SHARED VALUE CREATION
Debt-equity ratio
Return on average capital employed
Return on assets
Interest service coverage ratio
Return on average net worth
(in times)
Total value retained
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
0.75
7.10
2.70
4.02
8.69
0.75
7.10
2.70
4.02
8.69
20,107.75
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
0.66
20.17
8.66
9.08
29.75
IndianOil believes that financial capital must serve a definite purpose of inclusive value creation for all stakeholders (employees, investors,
regulators, business partners and communities). Guided by our NATION-FIRST ethos, we remain committed to ensuring that our financial
performance fuels broader societal progress, as we SPRINT ahead with purpose and responsibility.
Future is Promising
As we continue the transformational leap forward, IndianOil is committed to

N Investing more for the production of petrochemicals, natural gas, green
hydrogen, renewables and clean mobility solutions

N Expanding its infrastructure with an eye on energy security

N Strengthening digital intelligence and operational agility

N Rewarding shareholders with sustainable returns
Value retained
Total economic value created
99,892.92
Value created
Total value distributed
Employee benefits
Operating Cost
Income tax
CSR expenditure
Payment to provider of capital
Interest to lenders
Dividend paid to shareholders
during 2024-25
79,785.17
10,363.66
49,056.92
1,409.87
583.04
18,371.68
8,731.59
9,640.09
Value distribution
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
(in H Crore)
Corporate Overview

Social & Relationship
S
P
R
N
T
REINFORCE CUSTOMER CENTRICITY
Put the customer at the heart of every initiative:

N Emerge as the #1 choice for both retail and institutional customers

N Expand into untapped customer segments and diversify the product portfolio

N Deliver differentiated, engaging experiences that deepen loyalty and market
presence
V. Satish Kumar
Director (Marketing) upto 31.07.2025
Alongside expansion of extensive network
of customer touchpoints, IndianOil has
strengthened customer engagement through
initiatives such as One Team One Goal and
digital platforms like Vishleshan & VIBA Chatbot,
digital platforms like ePIC and IndianOil ONE
app. Coupled with purpose driven CSR initiatives
& strong supplier governance, IndianOil is
forging deeper connections with communities
and fostering long term shared values.
Sprint ahead -
with Shared Value
and Enduring
Relationships
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Our social and relationship capital is the
foundation of our sustained success
and inclusive growth, benefitting all
stakeholders. As India s integrated energy
major, we are responsible for fuelling
the aspirations of a billion lives through
meaningful engagements, beneficial
partnerships and transformative
community impact. Our operations
touch a broad spectrum of stakeholders
who play a significant role in our value-
creation journey.
STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
MATERIAL MATTERS
SDGs LINKAGE
Customers

N. Product Stewardship and Customer Satisfaction

N. Community Development

N. Business Ethics and Accountability

N. Supply Chain Management
Communities and Society
Government and Regulatory Bodies
Business Partners
Corporate Overview

Our relationship with customers is built on decades of dependable service and continuous innovation. With over 15.46 Crore active LPG
customers, 40,221 fuel stations and a growing base in petrochemicals and alternative fuels, our customer ecosystem is vast and diverse.
To serve them better, we have consistently invested in digital platforms, customer care frameworks and secure delivery mechanisms
that prioritise safety and satisfaction.
Our robust network of suppliers and business partners plays an
important role in ensuring seamless energy delivery across the
country. Our procurement practices are guided by transparency,
fairness and alignment with national priorities such as self-reliance
and sustainability. We have enhanced supplier governance by
expanding ESG risk assessments for our vendors and leveraging
a Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) system to monitor
financial, quality and environmental metrics.
To support Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs), we earmark
exclusive procurement items, simplify eligibility norms and promote
digital participation through platforms like NIC and GeM. Additionally,
we actively engage with international trade partners through long-
term contracts and industry forums, highlighting global partnerships
and unlocking new growth opportunities.
CUSTOMERS
SUPPLIERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
During the year, we continued to strengthen the electronic Platform
for IndianOil Customers (ePIC), our unified digital backbone that
supports seamless transactions, CRM, logistics and self-service
tools. The platform now facilitates daily deliveries of over 30 Lakh
Indane LPG cylinders, generates upwards of 1,248 Lakh invoices
for lubricants and enables avarage real-time redemption of over 6
Lakh Per Day loyalty reward point transactions. Our efforts to digitise
customer journeys also include expanding the Easy-Go facility for
LPG connection transfers, integrating DAC (Delivery Authentication
Code) with biometric verification in pilot locations and enhancing
the IndianOil One App with smart notifications, refill tracking and
grievance logging.
These digital tools are complemented by a robust physical interface that
includes field officers, dealership support and customer touchpoints
such as the 1906 emergency helpline, CPGRAMS portal integration
and local feedback systems. Each grievance is treated not just as a
complaint, but as an opportunity to improve. Our training programmes
for front-line personnel emphasise empathy, responsiveness and
customer-centric problem-solving, ensuring that our last-mile
engagement is as strong as our central systems.
The Strength of IndianOil is Its Diverse Customer Base
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Investor trust is integral to IndianOil s
long-term value proposition. Our financial
stewardship is guided by the principles
of prudence, transparency and sustained
returns. We maintain the confidence that
shareholders place in our management and
vision through consistent communication,
detailed disclosures and timely dividends.
In 2024-25, we maintained a dividend
payout aligned with profitability and long-
term capital requirements. Our investor
engagement extended across quarterly
earnings calls, investor roadshows and
ESG-themed investor briefings, reflecting
our commitment to transparency and two-
way communication. We also strengthened
ESG disclosures, aligning with SEBI s BRSR
framework and global standards such as
GRI and TCFD, thereby reinforcing the
confidence of socially responsible investors.
IndianOil shares a deep-rooted partnership
with government and regulatory bodies,
built on mutual trust, policy alignment
and a shared vision for inclusive national
development. We work closely with
policymakers to co-develop frameworks
that advance sustainable growth. Through
our dedicated green energy arm, Terra Clean
Ltd., we are translating policy goals into
ground-level impact across critical area of
renewable energy generation.
These efforts directly support India s climate
pledges and our own Net-Zero target by
2046. By actively contributing to flagship
programmes such as Viksit Bharat @2047,
Ujjwala 3.0 and the National Green Hydrogen
Mission, we strengthen our role as a nation-
builder - shaping a cleaner energy future
while ensuring energy equity and resilience
for all.
Our relationship with communities is defined
by empathy, empowerment and long-term
social impact. As an organisation that touches
lives across geographies, we are committed to
uplifting communities through targeted, high-
impact initiatives that align with our Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy and the
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
We contribute to inclusive nation-building
and socio-economic development of
the communities we serve. Through
our structured CSR programmes, we
undertake wide-ranging interventions in
education, healthcare, sanitation, skill
development, women empowerment and
rural infrastructure. Flagship projects like
the Assam Oil College of Nursing (AOCN)
and the Gyanodaya programme for ITI
and Polytechnic education exemplify our
focus on equitable development. We also
support local economies by promoting local
sourcing, entrepreneurship and community
partnerships across the value chain.
INVESTORS AND
SHAREHOLDERS
GOVERNMENT AND
REGULATORY BODIES
LOCAL
COMMUNITIES
Fostering Confidence Through
Responsible Stewardship
Proposed Dividend for financial year
Contribution to the national exchequer
Investment in CSR initiatives
Total beneficiaries reached through CSR
programmes
Dividend payout ratio for financial year
₹4,131 Crore ₹2,32,299
Crore
₹583.04 Crore
1.36+ Crore
32%
Every LPG Cylinder Carries IndianOil s Promise of Energy and Trust
Corporate Overview

MISSION LiFE - LEADING WITH ACTION, LIVING
WITH PURPOSE
KEY INITIATIVES UNDER MISSION LiFE (2024-25)
During 2024-25, IndianOil played an active role in advancing Mission
LiFE (Lifestyle for Environment) - a global movement promoting
mindful, sustainable living. Through a wide range of initiatives, we
encouraged communities, employees and customers to adopt eco-
conscious habits. From awareness drives and public engagement
activities to responsible consumption and waste reduction efforts,
we integrated environmental thinking into everyday actions.
directly engaged through inclusive, action-oriented
programmes that encouraged climate-responsible habits
and deeper environmental awareness
distributed across Delhi NCR through retail outlets and
customer outreach programmes
3.5 Lakh+ Citizens
1 Lakh+ Plant saplings
Promoting Energy
Efficiency
Spreading
Awareness
Driving Green
Cover and Citizen
Participation
Enabling Circular
Economy
Community
Conversations for
Conservation
Innovation for
Impact

N. Displayed
hoardings and
standees at
Retail Outlets
to drive home
clear messages
on sustainable
living.

N. Staged street
plays (Nukkad
Nataks) to
educate and
engage local
communities.

N. Conducted
grassroots
events to directly
involve citizens.

N. Distributed
LED bulbs and
high-efficiency
Chulhas to help
households cut
emissions and
lower energy use.

N. Educational
outreach on
practical ways
to save energy
through focused
awareness
sessions.

N Led large-scale
plantation drives
and seed-ball
distribution
to increase
green cover
and community
participation.

N. Distributed over
1. Lakh saplings
in NCR through
fuel stations and
public outreach to
promote citizen-
led greening
efforts.

N. Installed
Reverse Vending
Machines
and Cloth
Bag Vending
Machines at
high-footfall
locations to cut
down single-use
plastic.

N. Promoted waste
segregation and
recycling through
on-ground
campaigns and
visual cues.

N. Hosted an
expert talk by
Mr Rajendra
Singh, the
Waterman of
India , engaging
over 1,100
across platforms.

N. Highlighted the
importance of
community-
led water
conservation
and sustainable
resource
management.

N. Engaged
over 35,000
SUSTAIN-A-
THON 2024 ,
crowd-sourcing
practical
solutions to
Sustainability
challenges.

N. Mobilised
youth through
campaigns like
Speak Up for the
Planet 2.0 , along
with slogan,
drawing and quiz
contests.
Digital
Pledge
Movement
IndianOil employees took a
digital pledge to adopt and
advocate sustainable practices
in both their personal and
professional lives. This online
collective action reflects
IndianOil s internal culture of
responsibility toward the planet.
Chairman Engaging with Students over Hydrocarbons and Petrochemicals Business of IndianOil
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

INTEGRATE TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION
Harness the power of digital and innovation to future-proof the business:

N Drive innovation in products and services across Divisions to meet
evolving needs

N Embrace cutting-edge technologies that improve agility,
safety and scalability
S
P
R
N
T
Intellectualcapital
Dr Alok Sharma
Director (Research & Development)
From pioneering catalysts, clean fuels and
carbon capture tech to AI-driven operations and
indigenous pipeline tools, IndianOil s R&D focus
remained on efficiency, sustainability and self-
reliance. Strategic collaborations and digital
systems further accelerated innovation from
lab to market.
Sprint ahead -
with Intellectual
Acumen
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

What underpins IndianOil s journey as the
nation s largest integrated energy major is
a strong foundation of intellectual capital,
powered by cutting-edge innovation,
engineering excellence and a future-ready
mindset.
Our business model is perpetually adaptive
to pivotal shifts in the global energy
landscape. By nurturing a formidable
talent pipeline and promoting a culture
of continuous learning and innovation,
IndianOil remains committed to delivering
smart, sustainable energy solutions that
create enduring value for our customers,
stakeholders and the nation.
STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
MATERIAL MATTERS
SDGs LINKAGE
Employees

N. Data Integrity and Cybersecurity

N. Product Stewardship and Customer
Satisfaction
Customers
Government and Regulatory Bodies
Corporate Overview

Our R&D efforts and major innovation initiatives during 2024-25 translated into tangible value across refining, petrochemicals, pipelines,
marketing and clean energy. We advanced numerous in-house technologies and solutions, each aligned to enhance efficiency, reduce
dependencies and support sustainable growth. In addition to core R&D activities, all divisions are actively implementing various innovation
initiatives to improve operational efficiency, reduce energy consumption and support sustainable practices.
Our R&D efforts and major innovation initiatives are concentrated across three pillars
Developing lubricants for
alternative fuels, advanced
carbon materials, hydrogen
production and catalysts for
COTC, drop-in fuels and CO
conversion.
Energy
Transition
DELIVERING R&D EXCELLENCE
Advancing
bioenergy,
bioplastics, chemical recycling,
differentiated products, clean
mobility, energy efficiency and
reuse of catalysts and additives.
Sustainability
Innovating
lubricants,
additives,
refining
petrochemical
catalysts,
specialty chemicals and fuel
transport systems - right from
lab-scale to market readiness.
Operational
Improvements
Research and Development Centre at Faridabad, Haryana
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Our in-depth and extensive R&D consistently focuses on delivering eco-friendly solutions while enhancing profitability for its divisions
through cutting-edge research and strategic collaborations.
LAUNCHING NEW PRODUCTS
Patents filed as of March 31, 2025
1,809
New lubricant formulations
OEM approvals
A green fuel with higher flame temperature
and reduced carbon emissions.
Lubricant for EV motors and industrial use
with high-performance additives.
Compact Solar Cooktop with high thermal
efficiency and BIS Compliance.
Advanced AutoGas for better fuel economy,
power and acceleration.
High-octane racing fuel approved for major
motorsport events.
Corrosion-resistant coating for pipelines
and fuel systems.
High-performance oil for electric vehicle
drivetrains.
Antistatic additive to prevent static discharge
during fuel transfer.
High-efficiency catalyst for propylene
production.
PropanePlus
Servo Futura EV Grease
Surya Nutan
XTRABoost
STORM-X
NanoKoat-I
Synthetic EV Transmission Oil
Premium ASA
i-ZN22
Corporate Overview

Two in-house developed nano-additised products were launched,
Propane Plus , a green fuel designed for industrial applications
and XtraBoost , an enhanced version of AutoGas. Additionally,
a specialised coating solution, NanoKoat-I , was introduced to
provide superior corrosion protection, particularly effective in
coastal environments.
Our R&D initiatives have developed eCo Sorb, a carbon capture
technology that has been validated at the pilot scale, with
a large-scale demonstration currently underway at a fertiliser
plant. Additionally, we successfully developed and tested
Agri-Elite technology, which produces premium-quality manure and
bio-fertiliser from CBG plants and StubVorous , a microbial blend for
in-situ decomposition of crop residue through field trials. Broader
demonstration and commercialisation efforts for these technologies
are in progress.
DRIVING NANOTECHNOLOGY RESEARCH
ADVANCING BIOFUELS AND CARBON CAPTURE
We commissioned the 300 KTPA indDSK unit at Paradip Refinery to
produce low-sulphur Pipeline Compatible Kerosene (PCK), enabling
smooth pipeline transfers. At Bongaigaon Refinery, we successfully
commissioned our mixed metal oxide-based IV-IZOMaxCat catalyst,
which delivered high isomerate yield and octane performance at
reactor inlet temperatures of over 100 C, a notable improvement
over the previous catalyst.
The Catalyst Manufacturing Unit (CMU) at Panipat Refinery
commenced continuous production of FCC catalyst additives and
hydrotreating catalysts. These are now meeting internal demand
and enhancing our self-reliance in critical refining inputs. We also
implemented advanced diagnostic systems for failure analysis and
residual life assessment, strengthening the reliability of refinery
and pipeline assets.
To further support domestic capability building, we signed a Heads
of Agreement with Süd-Chemie India Pvt. Ltd. (SCIL) to establish
a Joint Venture Company for the manufacture and supply of
INDMAX catalysts.
We have achieved top-tier performance with our in-house i-ZN22
catalyst that is used in polypropylene production at Paradip Refinery.
The catalyst outperformed commercial variants in both efficiency
and catalyst mileage.
During 2024-25, we inspected over 4,500 Km of pipelines using our
in-house developed INDScan iPIG tools - marking the highest-ever
achievement in a single year. We also commercialised our in-house
developed XtraFlo Drag Reducing Agent (DRA), significantly reducing
reliance on imported DRAs. XtraFlo is now being supplied to other
pipeline operators such as HPCL, BPCL and HMEL.
TRANSFORMING REFINING OPERATIONS WITH
IN-HOUSE TECHNOLOGIES
STRENGTHENING PETROCHEMICALS AND
DERIVATIVES
RAISING THE BAR IN PIPELINE PERFORMANCE
AND EFFICIENCY
Complex Research for Effective Solutions at R&D Centre
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

IndianOil signed MoUs to bolster
innovation and technology development.
These include partnerships with
INEOS (UK) for catalyst qualification,
Simpson & Co. for ED5 fuel and lubricant
development and Shiv Nadar University
for speciality product R&D.
MoUs were also signed with Manav
Rachna International Institute of
Research and Studies (MRIIRS) for
industry-academia collaboration, Centre
for High Technology (CHT) and The
Energy and Resources Institute (TERI)
for pyrolysis oil development and the
Indian Biogas Association for joint
sustainability initiatives.
Strategic MoUs
We drive innovation through strategic partnerships with leading
academic and research institutions, including IITs, by undertaking
joint research projects that bridge the gap between theoretical
knowledge and real-world applications. The Company supports
innovation hubs and incubators, providing a platform for startups
and researchers to develop and commercialise best-in-class
technologies. We also provide funding and grants to academic
institutions for targeted research initiatives, accelerating the
development and deployment of innovative solutions.
FOSTERING PARTNERSHIPS AND
COLLABORATIONS
Startups incubated
Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) Created from Startups
We ensure transparency and efficiency in our procurement processes
through a fully digitised, end-to-end mechanism. Tender details
are published online through e-tendering portals, where bidder
participation is electronically recorded. On finalisation, award
documents such as Purchase Orders or Contracts are generated
online and shared with the selected vendor. These vendors are
subsequently registered in IndianOil s ERP system (SAP), which
records details of delivered items, pricing, timelines and payment
transactions. This digital integration enables comprehensive MIS
generation and robust audit trails to support internal governance
and Ministry-level reporting.
Advanced data analytics are being applied to improve cost visibility
and control across operations. In our refineries and operating
locations, we are deploying AI and machine learning for predictive
maintenance to enhance asset reliability and reduce downtime.
We follow a structured, goal-driven approach to evaluating emerging
technologies. Every initiative begins with clearly defined business
objectives and measurable KPIs. We first conduct small-scale pilots
or Proofs of Concept to assess feasibility and impact. Based on
these outcomes, we proceed with full-scale implementation only
when business alignment and performance are validated.
DRIVING DIGITALISATION IN PROCUREMENT
LEVERAGING DATA AND AI FOR OPERATIONAL
EFFICIENCY
Non-Binding MoU between IndianOil and Oil India for Cooperation in Carbon
Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS)
Corporate Overview

The Indian consumer landscape is rapidly evolving due to a substantial
increase in digital penetration in society and unprecedented access
to information across the socio-economic spectrum.
In line with changing times, we are modernising our user interface
and experience of our customer-facing applications to improve
accessibility and satisfaction. We have strengthened our customer-
facing operations by upgrading our mission-critical SDMS-CRM
application, hosted on the Oracle Siebel platform to the latest
version. This upgrade has significantly improved delivery speed,
platform stability and security, enabling us to meet evolving business
requirements more efficiently.
At IndianOil, sensitive data is managed through a structured, multi-
layered approach. This includes data classification, role-based
access controls and encryption both at rest and in transit. The
infrastructure is secured with next-generation firewalls, intrusion
prevention systems and anti-malware tools. A core principle across
all applications is data minimisation. Only essential data is collected,
processed and stored, reducing risks, improving efficiency and
enhancing privacy.
To safeguard our digital ecosystem, we have reinforced security
measures through the implementation of Managed Detection
and Response (MDR) systems. We are also applying AI-based
cybersecurity tools to protect critical assets across the organisation.
We have adopted a multi-layered approach to data security and
privacy, embedding IT across all IT operations.
ENHANCING USER EXPERIENCE SIGNIFICANTLY
ENSURING SECURE AND EFFICIENT HANDLING OF
SENSITIVE DATA
ELEVATING DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY
Defining roles, responsibilities and procedures to
manage data securely across all IT functions.
Deploying advanced security tools, encryption, access
controls and intrusion detection systems to protect
data infrastructure.
Conducting regular employee training and awareness
programmes to build vigilance against threats such as
phishing, malware and social engineering.
Aligning with applicable data protection laws and
industry standards, supported by periodic internal
and external security audits.
Establishing clear and
concise policies and a
governance framework
Implementing
strong technical
safeguards
Promoting a
security-aware
culture
Ensuring regulatory
compliance and conducting
regular audits
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

S
P
R
N
T
NURTURE LEADERSHIP AND TALENT
Invest in people to power the transformation:

N Build a pipeline of high-potential leaders aligned to emerging priorities

N Attract and retain talent for new energy, digital and frontier businesses

N Reinforce IndianOil s core values while fostering agility, speed and collaboration
Human capital
Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
IndianOil s talent strategy focuses on inclusive
onboarding, continuous learning and leadership
development through structured programs and
digital platforms. With initiatives like Swadhyaya,
Eklavya, Abhigyan and Saarthi we promote self-
learning, mentoring and cross-cultural readiness.
Our DEI (Diversity, Equity & Inclusion) framework
and tech-driven HR practices ensure a supportive,
equitable and future-ready workforce.
Sprint ahead -
with Team
Prowess
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Our transformational leap forward is
propelled by our human assets, who
convert our Vision to Execution on
ground - to achieve new performance
milestones and stay ahead in an evolving
energy sector landscape. By adopting
advanced technologies and implementing
upskilling initiatives, we ensure our teams
are equipped to excel and thrive, while
contributing to the Corporation s sustained
growth trajectory.
STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
MATERIAL MATTERS
SDGs LINKAGE
Employees and
Contractual Workers

N. Health and Safety

N. Talent Management

N. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion(DEI) and
Human Rights
Corporate Overview

We focus on welcoming and onboarding professionals with diverse
cultural backgrounds, experience and skillsets. Through structured
onboarding, including comprehensive induction programme and life
skills training, we ensure a seamless transition of the employees in
the organisation, aligning them with our values and vision.
Employees embark on their journey with a comprehensive induction
programme that offers in-depth organisational insights, function-
specific orientation and essential life skills training - including
physical and mental well-being as well as personal financial literacy.
We emphasise cross-cultural competence and global readiness through holistic learning programmes. These programme focus on regional
communication nuances and incorporate real-life case studies from our pan-India operations. For global collaborations, specialised
workshops equip employees with skills to navigate international business practices. We also offer various flagship programme at all levels
of management levels, designed to promote leadership qualities.
TALENT MANAGEMENT
LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT
Number of people hired during 2024-25
1,080
IOCians Participating in the Sopaan Workshop
Continuous Learning
Total learning days (across
workforce)
Learning person days/Employee
1,95,712
6.53
Our e-learning Ecosystem - Swadhyaya, offers more than 1,950 courses
across 550+ defined technical competencies.
Promoting Self-Learning at IndianOil
Eklavya , an upskilling initiative, fosters a culture of continuous
learning and professional growth among officers. Through this
initiative, officers can enrol in a wide range of courses, certifications
and diploma programme offered by Massive Open Online Course
(MOOC) platforms, reputed institutes and edtech companies.
Leveraging Experiential, Social and Formal Learning
IndianOil ensures holistic development of its employees in line
with the organisational strategic roadmap. The curated learning
programme for addressing skill gaps through the classroom, as
well as online mode, are conducted throughout the year. IndianOil s
Mentoring platform, Abhigyan and one-on-one coaching programme
This strong foundation is further supported by ongoing access to
technical and behavioural learning opportunities throughout their
career. These initiatives are designed to enhance role-readiness,
foster continuous personal growth and well-being and align individual
development with the dynamic needs of our business.
such as Saarthi support employees during their career and help
them thrive in their roles. Additionally, various behavioural and
functional trainings are also provided to all the employees throughout
the year through learning centres, reputed academia and industry
expertise.
Sopaan - For First Time Managers

N Theatre-based workshop based on psychometric profiling

N Simulation-based learning
HR Horizons
Shaping HR Leaders for Tomorrow s Business Challenges
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

At IndianOil, our aim is to build an inclusive culture that values
diversity. Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) framework
ensures fair pay practices, promotes psychological safety and trust
through measurable indices and continues to increase women s
representation in senior leadership roles, demonstrating our
unwavering dedication to inclusive excellence.
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Gender diversity ratio
8.9%
To build a more inclusive
workplace,
we
launched
Fempowerment . As part of this
initiative. Senior women officers
across divisions underwent
structured mentoring training by
a renowned clinical psychologist.
These trained leaders are
now mentoring junior women
employees through focused
workshops, which are aimed to
foster cultural alignment and
support professional development
across the organisation.
Fempowerment
IndianOil continuous to leverage technology for employee engagement,
increase operational efficiency and data-driven decisions.
Employee Engagement
IndianOil Listening Assistant - IOLA, an AI-enabled platform has
been implemented to understand employee experience at different
milestones or moments during their career journeys.
HR Operational Efficiency
Technology-enabled centralised HR shared services center.
Data-Driven
Cascading dashboard for monitoring and improving people
centric Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).
BUILDING A FUTURE IN RENEWABLE ENERGY

N Executive-Series: In-person programme for senior management

N 20-days
classroom
program
Junior
Middle
management executives

N Virtual-Series: Virtual, instructor-led programme for middle-
level executives.
TECHNOLOGY INTEGRATION IN HR
NAV-URJA
Learning Initiatives for Extended Workforce
Learning on-the-go
Sampark, e-Learning
platform for front-line
workforce.
Academy on Wheels
Classroom on wheels for
Retail Outlets Customer
Attendants
Corporate Overview

We prioritise employee well-being through a holistic approach
that supports mental, physical and emotional health. Initiatives
such as the Paramarsh Employee Assistance Programme provide
psychological support to employees and their dependents, while
comprehensive medical facilities, including periodic health
check-ups for all age groups, promote a proactive approach to
physical wellness.
EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING
Employees availed counselling services
Wellness Initiative for Employees
The 4R 4U wellness initiative is a holistic programme designed to
address the physical, emotional and mental health challenges faced
by employees in today s dynamic work environment. A comprehensive
wellness calendar has been implemented across all divisions, featuring
monthly themes focused on specific health concerns. These themes
are complemented by targeted activities and interventions aimed at
promoting overall well-being.
The initiative extends beyond the workplace to include employees
families, reinforcing our commitment to nurturing a healthy and
resilient workforce at both individual and collective levels. This
sustained focus on wellness is a key pillar in fostering a supportive
and high-performing organisational culture.
Not Just Breaking Barriers. Redefining Them
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

We operate under a comprehensive Health, Safety and
Environment (HSE) Policy, duly approved by the Board. This
policy provides a clear framework for driving safety, occupational
health and environmental protection initiatives, integrating HSE
as a core component of effective and responsible business
management.
We have set-up a structured and accessible grievance redressal
mechanism to address employee concerns promptly and
effectively. The system allows employees to submit and track
grievances online, with provisions for appeal if unsatisfied with
the outcome. Comprehensive training is provided to ensure
employees and managers understand the processes, rights
and responsibilities. This training is delivered through diverse
formats such as workshops, role-plays and e-learning modules,
with effectiveness measured through feedback, assessments
and resolution data, ensuring a responsive and empathetic
grievance-handling culture.
The Company fosters a vibrant community spirit and camaraderie
through vibrant township life, where festivals and special
occasions are celebrated with enthusiasm. Events such as film
screenings, plays, exhibitions and sports competitions offer
employees and their family s opportunities to bond, relax and
stay engaged. Additionally, fitness initiatives like walkathons,
cycling events and health challenges are regularly organised
to encourage an active lifestyle and support overall well-being.
EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY
GRIEVANCE AND REDRESSAL
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SESSIONS
Refineries and petrochemical plants are ISO 45001:2018
certified
Grievances received and 21 resolved
(1 pending from last year)
Operational locations audited for Safety
100%
Safety Management
We have implemented a robust Safety Management System across
all our locations. Guidelines on Health, Safety and Environment
Management System are in place, which cover various elements
in line with Oil Industry Safety Directorate (OISD) standards and
other statutory rules and regulations. We have also instituted
Golden Rules of Safety that are non-negotiable and mandatorily
to be complied by all employees and contract workers across all
locations to ensure personal and occupational safety. To reinforce
safety readiness, regular audits, inspections and mock drills are
conducted to identify unsafe practices and gaps in implementation of
safety management system at our locations. Time-bound corrective
actions are taken to bridge the identified gaps. Additionally, digital
portals are in place for reporting and analysing near-miss incidents,
unsafe acts and unsafe conditions, fostering a culture of continuous
safety improvement.
Emergency Response Mechanism
Emergency response is guided by Disaster Management Plan of
Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MoP&NG) and supported
by Corporate and Divisional frameworks. Robust site-specific
Emergency Response and Disaster Management Plans (ERDMP) are
developed and implemented at all locations and cover all possible
emergency scenarios such as fire, explosion and toxic release.
These plans define roles, establish responses that mobilise the
emergency services and outline recovery measures. ERDMPs are
certified by third parties and approved by the Board. Regular training,
mock drills and coordination with authorities ensure readiness for
both onsite and offsite emergencies.
Comprehensive Safety Training and Skill Development
We have conducted structured induction and refresher training
programme for employees and contract workers in line with the
Oil Industry Safety Directorate (OISD) and other relevant safety
standards. These include both classroom and practical field sessions,
which are focused on hazard identification, risk mitigation, safe
operating procedures and emergency response. Specialised training
is also offered in key areas such as safety leadership, electrical
and construction safety, confined space entry, quantitative risk
assessment (QRA) and hazard and operability study (Hazop),
incident investigation and advanced medical management.
Additionally, international certifications such as NEBOSH and
targeted programme on lessons from past incidents are regularly
imparted to build a safety-first culture across the organisation.
Corporate Overview

Natural
S
P
R
N
T
TRANSITION READY
Prepare the organisation for a low-carbon, digital future:

N Challenge the status quo

N Act with urgency to lead India s energy transition journey

N Scale initiatives in renewables, biofuels, sustainable aviation fuel (SAF)
and green hydrogen

N Embed ESG principles and new business models to drive long-term
sustainability and growth
Suman Kumar
Director (Planning & Business Development)
IndianOil is advancing a low-carbon future
through a multi-pronged Net-Zero roadmap
focused on renewables, clean fuels, carbon
capture and energy efficiency. With initiatives
like solarisation, ethanol from paddy straw, CBG
under IndiGreen and e-mobility solutions, we
are integrating sustainability into every facet
of operations with focus on achieving Net-Zero
operational emissions by 2046.
Sprint ahead -
with Environmental
Stewardship
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

At IndianOil, we are following a two-
pronged strategy - strengthening our core
assets across the energy value chain while
simultaneously exploring new pathways
towards a green transition. This strategy
aligns with India s blueprint to steadily
decarbonise its rapidly growing economy
and reach the Net-Zero milestone.
This target also presents an opportunity for
us to proactively increase investments in
green assets and technologies, helping to
reduce our environmental impact. We are
growing from strength to strength, all while
nurturing natural ecosystems.
STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED
MATERIAL MATTERS
SDGs LINKAGE
Employees
Customers
Government and Regulatory Bodies

N. GHG Emissions

N. Air Emissions

N. Water Stewardship

N. Circularity Integration

N. Climate Adaptation, Resilience and Transition

N. Environmental Impact
IndianOil Bulk Storage Depot in Kargil
Corporate Overview

Our approach towards natural capital management is rooted in
environmental responsibility and aligned with India s overarching
aim to reduce its carbon footprint substantially, as mandated by
global sustainability frameworks, including the Paris Agreement
and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN
SDGs). We apply environmental, social and governance (ESG)
principles throughout our business to support low-carbon growth,
use resources efficiently, protect the environment and create
long-term sustainable value.
To ensure transparency, accountability and stakeholder trust,
we adhere to leading sustainability frameworks and disclosures.
We comply with the Securities and Exchange Board of India s
(SEBI) Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR)
requirements, which are independently assured. Additionally, we
align our reporting with recognised sustainability standards such as:
INTEGRATING ENVIRONMENTAL PRIORITIES
INTO CORE BUSINESS
ADHERING TO GLOBAL ESG
FRAMEWORKS AND DISCLOSURES
Green Energy Roadmap
Biofuels
Biogas
Year 2030
Year 2030
Year 2050
Year 2050
4. MMT
1. MMT
7. MMT
9. MMT
Energy Portfolio
Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI)
Task Force on Nature-
related Financial
Disclosures (TNFD)
International Petroleum
Industry Environmental
Conservation
Association (IPIECA)
Task Force on Climate-
related Financial
Disclosures
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB)
Carbon Disclosure
Project (CDP)
United Nations Global
Compact (UNGC)
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability
Reporting
Malom Depot, Imphal
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

We are committed to achieving Net-Zero Operational Emissions
(Scope 1 & 2) by 2046. Our roadmap includes multi pronged
strategy which includes adoption of energy efficiency, renewable
energy, green hydrogen, switching to cleaner fuels, digitalization,
nature based solutions and carbon capture utilization & storage.
We are also decarbonising our supply chain and have adopted
low-sulphur marine fuels and fuel-efficient logistics. Further, we
are promoting solarisation of retail outlets, installing Vapour
Recovery Systems (VRS) and phasing out legacy tank truck
fleets to enhance fuel transport efficiency.
NET-ZERO AMBITION AND
DECARBONISATION STRATEGY
Emission
(MMT CO2e)
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
21.24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
20.21
We are also making significant strides in e-mobility by setting-up
EV charging stations across the country. To further strengthen our
low-carbon growth strategy, we are collaborating with key partners to
develop lithium-ion battery manufacturing capabilities and promote
hydrogen fuel cell mobility solutions.
Confident Strides towards
a Low-Carbon Future
One of our innovative projects aims to produce ethanol
from paddy straw, helping to create cleaner fuels and
reduce stubble burning. We have also established a supply
chain involving Farmer Producer Organisations (FPOs),
Custom Hiring Centres (CHCs) and individual farmers to
collect baled paddy straw. Over 1.2 Lakh MT of biomass
was gathered during the Kharif 2023 and 2024 seasons
through depots in Karnal and Panipat. This initiative not
only curbs stubble burning, but also generates income for
farmers and supports the ethanol blending programme.
Ethanol blending during 2024-25
2G Ethanol plant at Panipat
Annual Ethanol production
17.20%
100. KLPD
3. Crore Litres
1.29
0.76
0.63
Corporate Overview

To maintain our prominent position as a energy supplier to
the nation while tapping into opportunities being created on
account of energy transition we are diversifying our efforts
towards sustainable solutions by growing our renewable
energy portfolio. As part of this vision, we aim to expand our
renewable energy portfolio to 31 GW by 2030.
As of March 2025, 35,874 of our retail outlets have been
solarised, adding 175.7 MWp of decentralised solar capacity.
We are also developing 1.8 GW RE power through IndianOil
NTPC Green Energy Pvt.Ltd. (INGEL), our 50:50 JV with NGEL.
EXPANDING RENEWABLE
ENERGY FOOTPRINT
Renewable energy capacity
252.1 MW
Wind energy capacity
167.6 MW
Solar energy capacity
84.5 MW
Sustainable Transportation
through SATAT
Under the Sustainable Alternative Towards Affordable
Transportation (SATAT) initiative, IndianOil facilitates private
entrepreneurs to set-up CBG plants. We are scaling-up
Compressed Biogas (CBG) production and as of March 2025,
44 nos CBG plants have been commissioned. IndianOil
facilitated the CBG sale through these plants to 125 Retail
Outlets and to 4 industrial clients, under the brand name
IndiGreen .
Out of these, IndianOil has commissioned 4 CBG plants with
its own investment, of which a 100-tonnes per day cattle
dung-based CBG plant at Adarsh Gaushala, Gwalior, which
was inaugurated by Hon ble Prime Minister.
Further, IndianOil is setting-up 30 CBG plants, out of which
work is in progress for 9 projects through our JV IOC GPS
Renewable Pvt. Ltd.
CBG sales in 2024-25
8.9. TMT
IndianOil Rewra Solar Project
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Nature Based Solution
To enhance our natural carbon sinks, we allocated ₹56.02 Crore
under the Green Credits Programme (GCP) for planting over One
Million trees across Gujarat, Telangana, Rajasthan and Bihar. Through
our Mangroves 2.0 programme, we are restoring 151 hectares by
planting Three Million mangrove saplings, creating one of India s
largest corporate-led coastal afforestation projects.
Biodiversity and Wildlife Conservation
We are also contributing to wildlife conservation through strategic
partnerships and impactful initiatives. In collaboration with the
National Tiger Conservation Authority, IndianOil supported the
landmark Cheetah relocation project.
In Gujarat, we have led India s largest coral translocation effort,
successfully relocating over 16,000 corals to safer habitats. We also
support the protection of rare species such as the Greater one-horned
Rhinoceroses, Olive Ridley Turtle and Royal Bengal Tiger. Additionally,
we provide assistance to the Sundarbans Tiger Conservation
Foundation Trust to enhance patrolling and conservation efforts
within the Sundarban Tiger Reserve.
Overview of the Green Belt Maintained by IndianOil around Guwahati Refinery
Robust and Technology-enabled Waste Management
We have established a robust and holistic framework for the management of both hazardous and non-hazardous industrial waste,
ensuring full compliance with applicable environmental regulations and sustainability standards.
Hazardous Waste Management
Non-Hazardous Waste Management
All hazardous waste generated across our operations is handled
with the utmost care and responsibility. Disposal is carried out
strictly through authorised channels, adhering to regulatory timelines
and safety protocols. To further reduce the environmental impact,
we have implemented several innovative waste minimisation
technologies, including

N Oily Sludge Recovery Systems: These systems extract
usable oil from sludge, reducing waste volume and recovering
valuable resources.

N In-house Bioremediation: We use biological processes to
treat contaminated materials, converting harmful substances
into non-toxic byproducts.

N Metal Recovery from Spent Catalysts: Precious and base
metals are recovered from used catalysts, promoting reduce-
reuse recycle concept, augmenting resource efficiency and
reducing the need for virgin material extraction.
Our approach to non-hazardous waste is equally comprehensive,
focusing on segregation, recycling and responsible disposal

N Plastic Waste: IT is managed through Extended Producer
Responsibility (EPR) frameworks, in collaboration with
authorised recyclers and certified disposal partners to ensure
traceability and environmental compliance.

N Kitchen and Organic Waste: We convert biodegradable waste
into biogas and compost, supporting our circular economy
goals by turning waste into energy and soil nutrients.
Corporate Overview

Governance and Engagement
To ensure the effectiveness and integrity of our waste management
practices, we have instituted

N Rigorous Audits and Monitoring Systems: Regular internal
audits help track compliance, identify improvement areas and
ensure transparency.

N Employee Engagement and Training: Awareness programme
and training sessions empower employees to actively
participate in waste segregation, reduction and reporting
initiatives.
EPR target achieved
Wastewater recycled
Zero Liquid Discharge locations
Total waste recycled/reused/recovered
100%
39.8. Billion Litres
71%
Wastewater Reuse and Circular Water Management
We have implemented a comprehensive and responsible effluent
treatment strategy that ensures compliance with environmental
standards while promoting water conservation and reuse.
Effluent Treatment Process
Sustainability and Compliance
Water Reuse and Circularity Initiatives
Innovative Green Infrastructure
Our treatment system is built on a three-tiered approach

N Primary Treatment: Removal of large solids and suspended
particles through physical and chemical processes.

N Secondary Treatment: Biological treatment to degrade organic
matter using microbial activity.

N Tertiary Treatment: Advanced purification techniques to
remove residual contaminants and ensure high-quality treated
water.
To enhance the efficiency and quality of treated effluent, we deploy
cutting-edge technologies such as

N Reverse Osmosis (RO): For removing dissolved salts and
impurities.

N Ultrafiltration: For fine particulate and microbes removal,
ensuring water meets stringent reuse standards.

N Process Optimisation: Continuous improvement initiatives to
enhance treatment efficiency and reduce operational footprint.

N Regular Training: Building capacity among personnel to
uphold high standards of operation and safety.
Our effluent management practices are guided by our Health, Safety
and Environment (HSE) Policy, which emphasises the Reduce, Reuse
and Recycle (3Rs) philosophy. This is supported by

N 24/7 Monitoring Systems: Real-time tracking of effluent
quality and treatment performance.

N Periodic Audits: Internal assessments to ensure regulatory
compliance and identify improvement areas.
We have entered into long-term agreements with municipal Sewage
Treatment Plants (STPs) in Vadodara, Mathura and Haldia, enabling
the reuse of treated sewage in our industrial processes. This initiative
significantly reduces our dependence on freshwater sources.
Our Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) systems further reinforce our
commitment to sustainability by recycling and reusing wastewater
within our refineries, ensuring that no liquid waste is discharged
into the environment.
At our Haldia facility, we have pioneered a Green Sewage Treatment
Plant using Integrated Wetland Technology (IWT), developed in
collaboration with IIT Bombay. This system treats 8 cubic meters
per hour (m /hr) of domestic sewage in an eco-friendly and energy-
efficient manner, showcasing our commitment to nature-based
solutions and sustainable urban infrastructure.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Awards and Accolades
Recognition for Achievements
IndianOil became the only Indian energy Company to feature in
the Clarivate Top 100 Global Innovators 2024. This recognition, by
Clarivate Analytics, acknowledges organisations that demonstrate
consistent innovation and influence through intellectual property.
The Economic Times named IndianOil among the ET Iconic Brands
of India 2024 , honouring the brand s legacy, national impact and
trust among stakeholders.
Global Recognition: Endorsing IndianOil s Stature
In 2024-25, IndianOil reinforced its reputation as a global energy leader by earning several prestigious accolades from
internationally recognised institutions.
IndianOil was ranked #1 among Indian Oil
and Gas companies in the S&P Dow Jones
Sustainability Indices (DJSI) 2024. This
globally respected benchmark evaluates
companies on economic, environmental
and social criteria, highlighting IndianOil s
commitment to sustainable development.
BusinessWorld featured IndianOil in its BW
Top 500 rankings for the third consecutive
year, commending our continued corporate
leadership and excellence.
IndianOil secured the 3rd position for brand
strength in the Indian Oil and Gas sector,
as evaluated by Brand Finance, a UK-based
brand valuation consultancy. This ranking
recognises the trust and equity IndianOil
commands among consumers and
partners alike.
The BloombergNEF Global Energy Transition
Score recognised IndianOil s outstanding
contributions to advancing clean energy.
This accolade showcases our leadership
in accelerating the global shift towards
low-carbon energy sources.
IndianOil was declared the Gold winner
in the Brand of the Decade category at
the ASSOCHAM Branding and Marketing
Conclave cum Excellence Awards,
recognising the Company s unparalleled
contributions to brand excellence, customer
engagement and value-driven marketing
initiatives over the past decade.
IndianOil secured the 127th position in the
2025 Fortune Global 500 list, a ranking
compiled by Fortune magazine based
on revenue and business scale. This
achievement reflects the Corporation s
growing impact in the global economy.
FORTUNE
GLOBAL
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

A proud moment for IndianOil came on Armed Forces Flag Day, when the Hon ble Defence Minister, Shri Rajnath Singh, presented the
Gold Shield to Shri A. S. Sahney, Chairman, IndianOil, in recognition of the Company s resolute commitment to the resettlement of ex-
servicemen. As the highest employer of ex-servicemen in the corporate sector, with nearly 10,500 veterans across divisions, this honour,
received consecutively since its inception in 2022, reaffirms our unwavering dedication to nation-building and supporting our nation s heroes.
Leadership Recognition: Honouring Visionaries and Stewards
IndianOil s journey of excellence has been marked by the foresight and commitment of its leaders, who have consistently
driven transformation across energy frontiers. In 2024-25, several distinguished accolades celebrated the extraordinary
contributions of our leadership.
Mr Arvind Kumar, Director (Refineries),
was conferred the Exemplary Business
Leadership Award by IIT Madras at
the Energy Consortium Awards 2024.
The award acknowledged his strategic
vision and impactful leadership in enhancing
refinery operations and environmental
sustainability.
Mr Kamal Kumar Gwalani, Company
Secretary and Executive Director (Law),
was recognised as the Bharat General
Counsel Doyen 2024 by ASSOCHAM.
This prestigious honour acknowledges
his exemplary service in upholding legal
excellence and regulatory compliance in
the public sector space.
IndianOil was honoured with the ATD
BEST Award 2025 by the Association
for Talent Development (ATD), USA, for
the third time. This global recognition
celebrates organisations that demonstrate
enterprise-wide success through employee
development, positioning IndianOil as a
people-centric energy major.
Corporate Overview

At the FIPI Oil and Gas Awards 2023, organised by the Federation of Indian Petroleum Industry and presented by Hon ble Minister Shri
Hardeep Singh Puri, IndianOil s Haldia Refinery was crowned Refinery of the Year . Additionally, Ms Radha from Bongaigaon Refinery received
the Young Achiever of the Year (Special Recommendation), while Ms Shubhra Dutt was recognised as the Women Executive of the Year
in oil and gas industry with service experience of more than 15 years. IndianOil also won FIPI s top innovation awards for its indigenous
technologies: IZOMaxCAT and XtraFlo DRA. The Company was also named the Digitally Advanced Company of the Year and Compressed
Bio-Gas Company of the Year .
National Accolades: Showcasing Impact and Innovation
IndianOil s transformative initiatives across energy, innovation, sustainability and digitalisation have earned national
acclaim from renowned government bodies, industry forums and independent institutions. These accolades reflect the
Company s deep-rooted commitment to progress, responsibility and inclusive growth.
Ms Shubhra Dutt reciveing FIPI Women Executive of the Year award
IOCian Radha reciveing FIPI Young Achiever of the Year
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The Biodiesel Association of India honoured IndianOil for achieving
the highest biodiesel blending in 2023-24, reinforcing its contribution
to clean energy adoption.
IndianOil s XTRAPOWER Fleet Card Loyalty Programme won the Best
Loyalty Programme at the Global Retail Excellence Awards 2025 and
also the SKOCH Award 2025 for its digital transformation impact.
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) honoured IndianOil with
the SCALE Award 2024 for the 8th consecutive time, acknowledging
supply chain resilience and sustainability.
The Greenfinch Award by the Petroleum Planning and Analysis
Cell (PPAC), Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, recognised
IndianOil for excellence in data governance.
The CII presented the Green Crusader Award 2024 for nationwide
implementation of the GreenCo rating framework. Platinum
certifications were awarded to facilities including Nabha BP, Manmad
Terminal and Vizag BP.
The Golden Peacock Award 2025, by the Institute of Directors,
recognised IndianOil s Servo Grease Miracle under the Innovative
Product/Service category, marking a significant stride in non-lithium
grease innovation.
IndianOil Manmad Terminal
Corporate Overview

The National Safety Council of India
(NSCI), under the Ministry of Labour and
Employment, extended accolades to
IndianOil locations with a Golden Trophy
to Digboi Refinery, Silver to SRPL Chennai,
Bronze to WRPL Viramgam and Prashansa
Patras to several terminals and bottling
plants at the NSCI Safety Awards - 2024,
highlighting a robust safety culture across
the organisation.
IndianOil s Legal team was declared Legal
Team of the Year under the PSU category at
the India Legal Awards 2024, reaffirming the
Corporation s commitment to compliance
and legal excellence.
The Information Systems team was
acknowledged for successfully migrating
critical operations to the cloud under the
IRAS Cloud Migration Recognition initiative.
The FIDE Special Award 2024 was conferred on IndianOil for its role
in the Chess for Freedom initiative, facilitating chess programme
in prisons and underserved communities.
A Letter of Appreciation was received from Tihar Jail, acknowledging
IndianOil s contribution in providing structured sports coaching as
part of inmate reform initiatives.
Driving Social Change through Sports
IndianOil s commitment to inclusive nation-building finds deep expression in the field of sports, where IT empowers athletes
and promotes community engagement.
The FICCI India Sports Awards 2024 recognised IndianOil as the
Best Corporate Promoting Sports (Public Sector) for its holistic
support to athletes across disciplines.
At the Hockey India Awards 2024, IndianOil players Deepika and
Araijeet Singh Hundal were awarded the Asunta Lakra Award and
Jugraj Singh Award respectively for emerging talent in Under-21
categories.
Sheetal Devi was named BBC Emerging Athlete of the Year 2025 ,
highlighting IndianOil s investment in grassroots and para sports
development.
IndianOil cueist Aditya Mehta was honoured with the prestigious
Shiv Chhatrapati Award 2022-23 by the Government of Maharashtra
for excellence in billiards and snooker.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The Spheripol Global Benchmarking Survey 2023 ranked IndianOil s PP Line-1 & 2 at
Paradip Refinery as No. 1 globally in Internal Stream Factor, setting new standards in
polypropylene production.
The A V Ogale Trophy 2023-24, awarded for excellence in safety and fire prevention by
the Oil Industry Safety Directorate, saw IndianOil s Digboi Refinery win the Gold Trophy
and Panipat Refinery secure the Silver Trophy.
Additional Recognitions: Innovation, Environment and Operational Excellence
Mathura Refinery received the NECA
Certificate 2024 for outstanding innovation
in energy efficiency and emissions
reduction.
The Company achieved a first with ISO
41001 and ISO 45001 certifications awarded
to its Retail Outlet at COCO Niti Marg, New
Delhi, affirming its leadership in facility
management and occupational safety.
The GreenCo Certifications 2024-25
recognised IndianOil s pipeline installations
with Platinum certification for the Dahej-
Koyali R-LNG Pipeline and Gold certifications
to the Guwahati-Siliguri, Koyali-Ratlam and
Koyali-Dahej Pipelines.
Mahindra Swaraj conferred the Supplier
Award 2024 to IndianOil for notable
achievements in cost re-engineering.
IndianOil was recognised at the Tata Motors
Supplier Conference 2024 for co-developing
Servo Gear Axle TM 80W-90 LL, earning the
Innovation and Technology Award.
The Hostalen/ACP Benchmark Survey 2023
awarded a Certificate of Excellence to the
HDPE Plant at Panipat Naphtha Cracker
for achieving the highest prime production.
Panipat Refinery (Category I) and Digboi
Refinery (Category II) were honoured with
the Green Champions Awards 2023-24
for demonstrating best practices in
environmental management.
Corporate Overview

1.
Shri A. S. Sahney, Chairman
w.e.f. 13.11.2024
2.
Shri Anuj Jain, Director (Finance)
3.
Dr Alok Sharma, Director (Research & Development)
4.
Ms Rashmi Govil, Director (Human Resources)
5.
Shri Arvind Kumar, Director (Refineries)
w.e.f. 17.07.2024
6.
Shri Suman Kumar, Director (Planning & Business Development)
w.e.f. 26.02.2025
7.
Shri Shrikant Madhav Vaidya, Chairman
upto 31.08.2024
8.
Shri Sujoy Choudhury, Director (Planning & Business Development)
upto 31.08.2024
9.
Shri N. Senthil Kumar, Director (Pipelines)
upto 30.06.2025
10. Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri, Director (Marketing)
upto 31.07.2025
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Whole-Time Directors
Government Nominee Directors
Independent Directors
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
11. Ms Esha Srivastava
w.e.f. 20.06.2025
12. Dr Sujata Sharma
w.e.f. 11.05.2024
13. Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
14. Shri Prasenjit Biswas
15. Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
16. Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
17. Dr (Prof) Ashutosh Pant
18. Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
19. Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
upto 07.04.2025
1.
Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani, Company Secretary
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

LIST OF SENIOR EXECUTIVES
Anant Kumar Singh (IPS)
Chief Vigilance Officer
Sandeep Jain
Executive Director I/C (Gas), Business Development
K. Sailendra
Executive Director (LPG), Marketing
M. Annadurai
Executive Director & State Head (Tamil Nadu State Office), Marketing
Dr Mukesh Ranjan Das
Executive Director I/C (Human Resources), Marketing
D. Padma (Ms)
Executive Director (Corporate Planning & Economic Studies), Business Development
V. C. Asokan
Executive Director (Retail Sales), Marketing
K. S. Rao
Executive Director (Operations), Marketing
Sanjay Parashar
Executive Director (Supplies), Marketing
Gur Prasad
Executive Director & State Head (Maharashtra State Office), Marketing
Subodh Kumar Bajpai
Executive Director (Health, Safety & Environment), Marketing
Jitendra Kumar
Executive Director & State Head (West Bengal State Office), Marketing
Subhajit Sarkar
Executive Director (Operations), Refineries
Rajiv Kacker
Executive Director (Vigilance), Corporate Office
M. L Dahriya
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Panipat Refinery)
Shailesh Tiwari
Executive Director I/C Pipelines
Subrat Kar
Executive Director (Planning & Economic Studies), Marketing
Sanjeev Kumar Choudhary
Executive Director & State Head (Bihar State Office), Marketing
Arvind Acharya
Executive Director (Project Appraisal Group), Corporate Office & Chief Risk Officer
Saumitra P Srivastava
Executive Director (Corporate Strategy), Corporate Office
Manoj Kumar Gupta
Executive Director & State Head (Rajasthan State Office), Marketing
Hemant Kumar Rathore
Executive Director & State Head (Uttar Pradesh State Office II), Marketing
Mathew Varghese
Executive Director & State Head (Delhi State Office), Marketing
Rajesh Singh
Executive Director & State Head (Uttar Pradesh State Office I), Marketing
Bibhuti Ranjan Pradhan
Executive Director (Co-ordination & CSR), Corporate Office
Nayan Kumar Barua
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Bongaigaon Refinery)
Ajay Kumar Tiwari
Executive Director (Exploration & Production), Business Development
Rahul Prashant
Executive Director & Refinery Head (AOD Refinery)
Mukesh Mohan
Executive Director (Health, Safety & Environment), Refineries
Satya Prakash
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Barauni Refinery)
Joydeep Choudhury
Executive Director (Projects), Refineries
Kausik Basu
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Paradip Refinery)
Ashutosh Kumar Mehta
Executive Director (Construction), Pipelines
Amit Dasgupta
Executive Director (Operations), Pipelines
Corporate Overview

Manish Botke
Executive Director (Projects), Pipelines
Manoj Kumar Sharma
Executive Director & Regional Head (Eastern Region Pipelines), Kolkata
Dr Umish Srivastva
Executive Director (Technology Promotion & Forecasting), R&D
Himanshu Ranjan
Executive Director (Quality Control), Marketing
Rajesh Nambiar
Executive Director & State Head (IndianOil AOD State Office), Marketing
A. V. Raghunadhan
Executive Director (New Business), Business Development
Suresh P. Nambiar
Executive Director (Information Systems), Marketing
Sunit Joshi
Executive Director (Pricing), Marketing
Bankim Behari Patra
Executive Director (Lubes), Marketing
N. M. Nimje
Executive Director (Institutional Business), Marketing
M. Sudhakar
Executive Director (Regional Services), Southern Region Office, Marketing
Jagdeep Kumar Rana
Executive Director (Regional Services), Northern Region Office, Marketing
Rajeev Mohan
Executive Director (Corporate Affairs & Law), Corporate Office
Siddharth Agarwal
Executive Director & State Head (Karnataka State Office), Marketing
Sanjib Kumar Behera
Executive Director & State Head (Gujarat State Office), Marketing
Pankaj Kumar
Chief Executive Officer, Gr 'I', IndianOil Petronas Pvt. Ltd.
Nikhil Deep Mathur
Executive Director (Non-Fuel Revenue), Marketing
Pravin Dongre
Executive Director (Sustainable Development), Business Development
Jitendra Agarwalla
Executive Director (Health, Safety & Environment), Corporate Office
Sunil Kanti
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Guwahati Refinery)
Hitesh Ramesh Shah
Executive Director (Optimisation), Corporate Office
Subrata Chaudhuri
Executive Director (Finance), Refineries
Biplob Biswas
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Gujarat Refinery)
Abhijit Chakraborty
Executive Director (Projects), Refineries
Ajay Kaila
Executive Director (Core Group), Panipat Refinery
D. S. Rao
Executive Director & Regional Head (South Eastern Regional Pipelines), Bhubaneswar
Dr Ajit Kumar Thakur
Executive Director (Alternate Energy), Business Development
Dr Alex C. Pulikottil
Executive Director (Petrochemical & Catalyst), R&D
R. K. Kaushik Singha
Executive Director (Refining Technology), R&D
Atanu Sanyal
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Haldia Refinery)
S. N. Vijayakumar
Executive Director (Cryogenics), Marketing
K. John Prasad
Executive Director (Corporate Communication & Branding), Marketing
P. Tripathy
Executive Director (Regional Services), Western Region Office, Marketing
Saurabh Dutt
Executive Director (Corporate Communication & Branding), Corporate Office
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Atanu Mandal
Executive Director (Retail Transformation), Marketing
Girish Jain
Executive Director (Explosives), Business Development
Ajit P. Dhakras
Executive Director (Human Resource Development), Marketing
G. D. S. Kohli
Executive Director (Finance), Business Development
Manish Malik
Executive Director (Information System), Corporate Business Technology Centre, IIPM Gurgaon
Udit Jain
Executive Director (Human Resources), Corporate Office
Shailesh Dhar
Executive Director (Aviation), Marketing
Ajay Garg
Executive Director (Gas), Business Development
Chakresh Kumar Jain
Executive Director (Finance), Marketing
Piyush Mittal
Executive Director & State Head (Telangana & Andhra Pradesh State Office), Marketing
Ashutosh Gupta
Executive Director & State Head (Punjab State Office), Marketing
Shubhendu Pal
Executive Director (Engineering & Projects), Marketing
Debasis Banerjee
Executive Director (Automation), Marketing
Jisto Nongbri
Executive Director (Regional Services), Eastern Region Office, Marketing
Deb Kumar Sarkar
Executive Director (Materials & Contracts), Marketing
Dipak Das
Managing Director Gr. 'I', Lanka IOC PLC, Colombo
Sanjay Kumar Sinha
Executive Director (International Trade), Corporate Office
Sunil Kumar Sinha
Executive Director (Core Group), Gujarat Refinery
S. G Venkatesh
Executive Director (Petrochemicals), Business Development
P. K. Basumatary
Executive Director (Maintenance & Inspection), Refineries
Sanjay Raizada
Executive Director (Projects & Core Group), Barauni Refinery
N. M. Bhalerao
Executive Director (Finance), Pipelines
Piyali Chakraborty (Ms)
Executive Director (Human Resources), Refineries
Mohua M. Basu (Ms)
Executive Director (Materials & Contracts), Pipelines
Anurag Sachdev
Executive Director (Materials & Contracts and Shipping), Refineries
Mukul Agarwal
Executive Director & Refinery Head (Mathura Refinery)
Sanjay Kumar Papneja
Executive Director (Process-Projects), Refineries
Prasun Kumar Mishra
Executive Director (City Gas Distribution), Pipelines
Lalit Kumar Jha
Executive Director & Regional Head (Southern Region Pipelines) Chennai HQ
G. Venkataramanan
Executive Director & Regional Head (Western Region Pipelines) Rajkot HQ
Shyamanand Jha
Chief Executive Officer Gr.'I', IHB Ltd
Rajiv Ranjan
Executive Director (Human Resources), Pipelines
Vippin Kumar Jain
Executive Director & Head (IndianOil Institute of Petroleum Management)
Susanta Kumar Das
Executive Director (Technical), Haldia Refinery
Sanjay Kumar
Executive Director (Internal Audit), Corporate Office
Corporate Overview

MAIN OFFICES & MAJOR UNITS
Registered Office
G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051,
Maharashtra
Corporate Office
3079/3, J.B. Tito Marg,
Sadiq Nagar,
New Delhi - 110 049
Refineries Division
Head Office
SCOPE Complex, Core-2,
7, Institutional Area, Lodhi Road,
New Delhi - 110 003
Barauni Refinery
P. O. Barauni Refinery,
Dist. Begusarai - 851 114
Bihar
Digboi Refinery
AOD,
P. O. Digboi - 786 171
Assam
Gujarat Refinery
P. O. Jawahar Nagar,
Dist. Vadodara - 391 320
Gujarat
Guwahati Refinery
P. O. Noonmati,
Guwahati - 781 020
Assam
Haldia Refinery
P. O. Haldia Refinery,
Dist. Midnapur - 721 606
West Bengal
Mathura Refinery
P. O. Mathura Refinery,
Mathura - 281 005
Uttar Pradesh
Panipat Refinery
P. O. Panipat Refinery,
Panipat - 132 140
Haryana
Bongaigaon Refinery
P. O. Dhaligaon
Dist. Chirang - 783 385,
Assam
Paradip Refinery
P.O. Jhimani, via Kujang,
Dist. Jagatsinghpur - 754 141
Odisha
Pipelines Division
Head Office
A-1, Udyog Marg,
Sector-1, NOIDA - 201 301
Uttar Pradesh
Northern Region
P. O. Panipat Refinery,
Panipat - 132 140
Haryana
Eastern Region
14, Lee Road,
Kolkata - 700 020
West Bengal
Western Region
P. O. Box 1007,
Bedipara, Morvi Road, Gauridad,
Rajkot - 360 003
Gujarat
Southern Region
6/13, Wheatcrafts Road,
Nungambakkam,
Chennai - 600 034
Tamil Nadu
South Eastern Region
E/3, 4th Floor,
Infinia Tower, Infocity Area, Patia
Bhubaneshwar - 751 024
Odisha
Marketing Division
Head Office
G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Maharashtra
Northern Region
1, Sri Aurobindo Marg,
Yusuf Sarai,
New Delhi - 110 016
Eastern Region
2, Gariahat Road (South), Dhakuria,
Kolkata - 700 068
West Bengal
Western Region
IndianOil Bhavan
Plot No. C-33, G Block
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051
Maharashtra
Southern Region
139, Nungambakkam High Road,
Chennai - 600 034
Tamil Nadu
Business Group Cryogenics
A-4, MIDC Ambad
Nashik- 422 010
Maharashtra
Business Development Group
Head office
1, Sri Aurobindo Marg, Yusuf Sarai,
New Delhi - 110 016
Business Group Explosives
IBP House,
34A, Nirmal Chandra Street
Kolkata - 700 013
West Bengal
R&D Centre
Sector 13,
Faridabad - 121 007
Haryana
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

LIST OF STATUTORY/COST/SECRETARIAL AUDITORS FOR THE YEAR 2024-25
BANKERS/STOCK EXCHANGES/REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT/DEBENTURE TRUSTEE
Statutory Auditors
1.
K G Somani & Co. LLP, New Delhi
2.
Khandelwal Jain & Co., Mumbai
3.
Komandoor & Co. LLP, Kolkata
4.
M. K P S & Associates LLP, Kolkata
Cost Auditors
1.
Chandra Wadhwa & Co., New Delhi
2.
Bandyopadhyaya Bhaumik & Co., Kolkata
3.
R.J. Goel & Co., New Delhi
4.
Mani & Co., Kolkata
5.
Balwinder & Associates, New Delhi
6.
ABK & Associates, Mumbai
7.
Vivekanandan Unni & Associates, Chennai
Chandra Wadhwa & Co., New Delhi is the Central Cost Auditor.
Secretarial Auditor
Dholakia & Associates LLP, Company Secretaries, Mumbai
Debenture Trustee
SBICAP Trustee Company Ltd.
Mistry Bhavan, 4th Floor,
122, Dinshaw Vachha Road, Churchgate,
Mumbai - 400 020
Maharashtra
Website: www.sbicaptrustee.com
Beacon Trusteeship Limited
5W, 5th Floor, The Metropolitan Building,
E Block, Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC), Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Maharashtra
Website: www.beacontrustee.co.in
Bankers
State Bank of India
HDFC Bank Ltd
Stock Exchanges
BSE Ltd.
25th Floor, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai - 400 001
Maharashtra
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza,
5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Maharashtra
Registrar & Transfer Agents
Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot 31-32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,
Hyderabad - 500 032
Telangana
Toll Free No. : 1800 309 4001
E-mail Address : einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website : www.kfintech.com
Corporate Overview

GROUP COMPANIES
JOINT VENTURES
SUBSIDIARIES
Name
Business
Indian Subsidiaries
Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd.
Refining of Petroleum Products
IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Ltd.
Financial Services
Mercator Petroleum Ltd.
Exploration and Production of Oil and Gas
Terra Clean Ltd.
To undertake Low Carbon, New, Clean and Green Energy Businesses
Foreign Subsidiaries
IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd., Mauritius
Terminalling, Retailing, Aviation Refueling & Bunkering
IndOil Global B.V., Netherlands
Investment company for E&P Assets in Canada and UAE
IOCL Singapore Pte Ltd., Singapore
Crude Oil Trading, Import/Export of Petroleum Products and Investment
Company for E&P Assets & Alternative Energy Technology Company
IOC Middle East FZE, UAE
Lube Blending & Marketing of Lubricants & Base Oil
IOC Sweden AB, Sweden
Investment Company for E&P Project in Venezuela and Battery Technology
Company in Israel
IOCL (USA) Inc., USA
Participation in Shale Gas Asset Project
Lanka IOC PLC, Sri Lanka
Retailing, Terminalling & Bunkering
Name
Business
Partners
Avi-Oil India Pvt. Ltd.
Manufacturing of Speciality
Lubricants
Neden BV, Netherlands
Balmer Lawrie & Co. Ltd.
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd.
Setting up of 9 MMTPA Refinery at
Nagapattinam, Tamil Nadu.
Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd.
Axis Bank Ltd.
HDFC Life Insurance Company Ltd.
ICICI Bank Ltd.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd.
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd.
Delhi Aviation Fuel Facility Pvt. Ltd.
Setting up and operation of Aviation
Fuel Facility at Delhi Airport.
Delhi International Airport Ltd.
GH4India Pvt. Ltd.
Develop green hydrogen production
assets and associated renewable
assets.
Larsen & Toubro Ltd.
Renew Power Pvt. Ltd.
Green Gas Ltd.
City Gas Distribution
GSPL India Transco Ltd.
Setting up of Natural Gas Pipelines
Gujarat State Petronet Ltd.
GSPL India Gasnet Ltd.
Setting up of Natural Gas Pipelines
Gujarat State Petronet Ltd.
Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Ltd.
Setting up and operating fertilizer
plants at Sindri, Gorakhpur and
Barauni
Coal India Ltd.
NTPC Ltd.
Fertilizer Corporation of India Ltd.
Hindustan Fertilizer Corporation Ltd.
Laying, building, operating or
expanding LPG Pipeline from
Kandla (Gujarat) to Gorakhpur (UP)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Name
Business
Partners
IOC GPS Renewables Pvt. Ltd.
Integrating advanced biogas
technologies to convert organic
waste into CBG
GPS Renewables Pvt. Ltd.
(formerly known as Indian Oiltanking Ltd.)
Terminalling, EPC services and
production of Compressed Bio-Gas
Adani Ports and SEZ Ltd.
IndianOil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd.
City Gas Distribution
Adani Total Gas Ltd.
IndianOil Petronas Pvt. Ltd.
Terminalling services and parallel
marketing of LPG
Petronas, Malaysia.
IndianOil LNG Pvt. Ltd.
LNG Terminal at Ennore
Maximus Investment Advisory Pvt. Ltd.
ICICI Bank Ltd.
Tamil Nadu Industrial Development
Corporation Ltd.
Developing Renewable Energy
based power projects
NTPC Green Energy Ltd.
IndianOil Skytanking Pvt. Ltd.
Aviation fuel facility projects and
Into-Plane services
Skytanking GmbH, Germany
Indian Synthetic Rubber Pvt. Ltd.
Manufacturing of Styrene
Butadiene Rubber at Panipat
Trimurti Holding Corporation, British Virgin
Islands
Indofast Swap Energy Pvt. Ltd.
(incorporated on 15.07.2024)
Carrying on the business of battery
as a service for small format
electric vehicles in India
Sun Mobility Pte Ltd. (through its WOS)
Indradhanush Gas Grid Ltd.
Setting-up Natural Gas Pipeline in
North East India
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd.
Numaligarh Refinery Ltd.
IndianOil Total Pvt. Ltd.
Undertaking bitumen business,
LPG business as conducted at LPG
facilities
Total Marketing and Services S.A., France
IOC Phinergy Pvt. Ltd.
Commercialization of the Al-Air
battery technology in India
Phinergy, Israel
Kochi Salem Pipeline Pvt. Ltd.
Laying pipeline for transportation of
LPG from Kochi to Salem
Lubrizol India Pvt. Ltd.
Manufacturing of Lube Additives
Lubrizol Corp., USA
Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Pvt. Ltd.
Setting-up common user integrated
aviation fuel infrastructure at
Mumbai Airport
Mumbai International Airport Ltd.
NPCIL - IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Ltd.
Setting-up Nuclear Power Plant
Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd.
Paradeep Plastic Park Ltd.
Development and implementation
of Plastic Park project at Paradip,
Odisha
Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development
Petronet LNG Ltd.
LNG imports/distribution and
regasification
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd.
Petronet VK Ltd.
Construction and operation of
pipeline for transportation of POL
products from Vadinar to Kandla
Reliance Industries Ltd.
Nayara Energy Ltd.
Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation Ltd.
Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services
Deendayal Port Trust
State Bank of India
Canara Bank
Ratnagiri Refinery & Petrochemicals Ltd.
Refinery and Petrochemical Project
in Maharashtra
Suntera Nigeria 205 Ltd.
Oil exploration activities.
Suntera Resources Ltd., Cyprus
Corporate Overview

PERFORMANCE AT A GLANCE
Particulars
(US $ Million)
(J in Crore)
Financial
Revenue from Operations
99954
104631
845513
866345
934953
728445
514890
Profit before Exceptional Items, Finance
Cost, Tax, Depreciation & Amortisation
(EBITDA)
38060
74182
28487
47568
42614
Profit before Exceptional Items, Finance
Cost & Tax (EBIT)
22776
59672
16628
36562
32810
Profit before Exceptional Items & Tax
14044
52344
31733
29716
Profit before Tax (PBT)
15882
52344
31733
29716
Profit after Tax (PAT)
12962
39619
24184
21836
Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax)
(161)
(1359)
13356
(1464)
Total Comprehensive Income
11602
52975
30444
26420
Contribution to Central & State
Exchequer
27462
29182
232299
241629
240185
264436
238786
Cumulative Dividend
(on issued share capital)
111293
107162
90636
86505
74937
Value Generated
11809
15950
99893
132068
87472
99105
88202
Value Distributed
Operating Cost
49057
46377
49864
40223
34534
Community Investment - CSR
Employee Benefits
10363
11080
10992
10712
Providers of Capital
- Finance Cost
- Dividend
11017
Income Tax
11615
Value Retained
20108
44193
17896
26210
23001
What Corporation Owns
Net Fixed Assets
21742
21685
185851
180867
165485
146889
143400
Capital Work In Progress (CWIP)
76214
59066
48991
44446
33052
Investments
70917
71088
57519
57787
48619
Other Non Current Assets
Other Current Assets
15834
16372
135353
136561
139587
129557
101117
Total
55889
54603
477744
455442
418054
385591
331625
What Corporation Owes
Equity
- Share Capital
13772
- Other Equity
19292
19535
164905
162943
120986
122105
101319
Sub Total
20903
21186
178677
176715
134758
131286
110500
Borrowings
15730
13967
134466
116496
132495
110798
94413
Tax Liability (Net)
15996
15745
12766
11491
11334
Other Non Current Liabilities
12274
11728
11433
10838
10809
Other Current Liabilities
15949
16156
136331
134758
126602
121178
104569
Total
55889
54603
477744
455442
418054
385591
331625
Net worth (as per Companies Act)
17649
17680
150863
147473
118906
114031
100064
Market Capitalisation
21096
28400
180328
236884
110004
111981
86469
Enterprise Value
36796
42311
314530
352915
242136
222070
180568
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Revenue from Operations
Sales (net of discount) + Sale of Services + Other Operating Revenue + Net claim/
(surrender) of SSC and other claims + Subsidy from Central/State govt.+ Grant from govt.
Value Added
Profit before Tax + Finance Cost + Depreciation & Amortisation + Employee
benefit expenses
Investments
Non Current Investments + Current Investments
Other Current Assets
Current Assets - Current Investments - Current Tax Assets
Borrowings (Total Debt)
Short Term Borrowings + Long Term Borrowings
Tax Liability (Net)
Deferred Tax Liabilities + Curent Tax Liabilities + Income Tax Liabilities -
(Current Tax Asset + Income Tax Asset)
Other Current Liabilities
Current Liabilities - Short Term Borrowings - Current Tax Liabilities
Enterprise Value
Market Capitalisation + Borrowings - Cash and Cash Equivalents
Equity
Equity Share Capital + Other Equity
Capital Employed
Equity + Borrowings + Deferred Tax Liability
Earnings Per Share
Profit after Tax/Weighted average number of equity shares
Cash Earnings Per Share
(Profit after Tax + Depreciation)/Weighted average number of equity shares
Book Value Per Equity Share
Equity/Number of equity shares
Price Earning Ratio
Market Price Per Share/Earning Per Share
Particulars
(US $ Million)
(J in Crore)
Key Financial Indicators
Reported GRM (in $/bbl)
4.80
12.05
19.52
11.25
5.64
Normalized GRM (in $/bbl)
4.53
11.44
20.14
7.61
2.31
Singapore GRM (in $/bbl)#
3.80
6.61
10.77
4.99
0.54
Earnings Per Share* (in $/H)
0.11
0.35
9.41
28.77
5.98
17.56
15.86
Cash Earnings Per Share*(in $/H)
0.24
0.47
20.51
39.30
14.60
25.55
22.98
Book Value Per Share* (in $/H)
1.52
1.54
129.74
128.32
97.85
95.33
80.24
Market Price Per Share (NSE) (in H)
127.70
167.75
77.90
118.95
91.85
Price Earning Ratio
13.57
5.83
13.02
6.77
5.79
Dividend Payout Ratio
32%
42%
50%
48%
50%
Retention Ratio
68%
58%
50%
52%
50%
Debt Equity Ratio
- Total Debt To Equity (times)
0.75
0.66
0.98
0.84
0.85
- Long Term Debt To Equity (times)
0.29
0.23
0.43
0.39
0.44
Current Ratio (times)
0.67
0.69
0.74
0.75
0.73
Return on Average Net Worth (%)
8.69
29.75
7.08
22.59
23.24
Return on Average Capital Employed (%)
7.10
20.17
6.19
15.44
15.20
Total Asset Turnover Ratio (times)
1.81
1.99
2.33
2.03
1.61
Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio (times)
54.99
60.60
54.43
45.95
38.96
Inventory Turnover Ratio (times)
7.71
7.62
8.48
7.98
7.20
Interest Service Coverage Ratio (times)
4.02
9.08
3.39
8.25
11.24
Debt Service Coverage Ratio (times)
1.07
2.17
1.30
5.10
5.00
EBITDA Margin (%)
4.50
8.56
3.05
6.53
8.28
Operating Profit Margin (%)
2.11
6.34
1.11
4.42
5.49
Net Profit Margin (%)
1.53
4.57
0.88
3.32
4.24
Note: Exchange rate used:-
For 2024-25: Average Rate 1 US $ = H 84.59; Closing Rate 1 US $ = ₹85.48 as on 31.03.2025
For 2023-24: Average Rate 1 US $ = ₹82.80; Closing Rate 1 US $ = ₹83.41 as on 31.03.2024
* Note: Absolute figures in US$ and ₹Adjusted for Bonus Shares (1:2 issued in June 2022)
# Source Reuters
Corporate Overview

Dividend Payout Ratio
Total Dividend (including final dividend)/Profit after Tax
Retention Ratio
(Profit after Tax - Total Dividend - Total Dividend Distribution Tax)/Profit after Tax
Total Debt To Equity
Borrowings/Equity
Long Term Debt To Equity
Long Term Borrowing/Equity
Current Ratio
Current Assets/Current Liabilities
Return on Average Net Worth
Profit after Tax/Average Net worth (as per Companies Act)
Return on Average Capital Employed
EBIT/Average Capital Employed
Total Asset Turnover Ratio
Total Income/Average Total Assets
Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio
Sales (Net of Discounts)/Average Trade Receivable
Inventory Turnover Ratio
Sales (Net of Discounts)/Average Inventory
Interest Service Coverage Ratio
(Profit before Tax + Finance cost in P&L + Depreciation)/[Finance Costs
(P&L + Capitalised)]
Debt Service Coverage Ratio
(Profit after Tax + Finance cost in P&L + Depreciation)/[Finance cost (P&L + Capitalised)
+ Lease & Principal repayment (long term)]
EBITDA Margin
EBITDA/Revenue from Operations
Operating Profit Margin
(Profit before Exceptional item and tax + Finance cost - Other non operating income)/
(Revenue from operations)
Net Proft Margin
Profit after Tax/Revenue from Operations
Operations
Manpower Numbers
Million Metric Tones
Operating Performance
Product Sales
Domestic
-
Petroleum Products
84.963
83.297
83.966
73.743
69.353
-
Gas
6.938
5.714
4.145
3.592
3.279
-
Petrochemicals
3.155
2.980
2.202
2.871
2.675
-
Explosives
0.319
0.320
0.342
0.287
0.266
Total Domestic
95.375
92.311
90.655
80.493
75.573
Export
4.917
5.240
5.059
5.914
5.454
Total
100.292
97.551
95.714
86.407
81.027
Refineries Throughput
71.564
73.308
72.408
67.665
62.351
Pipelines Throughput
100.477
98.626
97.382
85.520
76.019
No. of employees as on March 31
29941
30321
31095
31254
31648
Figures for the previous year have been regrouped, wherever necessary.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Particulars
US$ Million
J. Crore
US$ Million
J. Crore
Revenue from Operations
(Inclusive of Excise Duty & Sale of Services)
99,954
8,45,513
1,04,631
8,66,345
EBITDA
(Earnings Before Exceptional Items,Finance Cost, Tax, Depreciation & Amortisation)
4,500
38,060
8,959
74,182
Finance Cost
1,032
8,732
7,328
Depreciation and Amortisation
1,807
15,284
1,752
14,510
Exceptional Income/(Expenses)
1,838
-
Directors Report
Dear Members,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, IT is my pleasure to present
the 66th Annual Report of the Company for the financial
year ended March 31, 2025. During the year, your Company
demonstrated strong operational resilience and improved its
physical performance across key parameters, including pipelines
throughput and sales volume. However, the financial performance
witnessed a moderation compared to the exceptional results
of 2023-24, primarily due to evolving global crude oil dynamics,
product price volatility and margin pressures. Despite these
headwinds, the Company remained steadfast in its commitment
to energy security, customer service and sustainable growth,
reinforcing its position as India s flagship energy major.
The Company continued to advance its growth agenda with
significant investments in refineries expansion, petrochemicals,
pipeline infrastructure and green energy, including expansion
in biofuels and electric mobility. These efforts underline its
commitment to building a future-ready energy ecosystem while
delivering value to all stakeholders.
To further accelerate the journey towards operational excellence
and future-readiness, the Company has embarked on a
company-wide transformational project - SPRINT (Strengthen
Core Businesses, Propel Cost Optimisation, Reinforce Customer
Centricity, Integrate Technology & Innovation, Nurture Leadership
& Talent, Transition Ready), which is designed to drive deep
structural efficiencies, embrace digital transformation, unlock
new revenue streams and foster a culture of agility and innovation
across the organization. With a clear focus on long-term value
creation, SPRINT aims to reshape the Company into a leaner,
smarter and more competitive enterprise, better equipped to
navigate the evolving energy landscape. By integrating cutting-
edge technologies, streamlining processes and empowering
its workforce, your Company is positioning itself as a next-
generation energy company committed to delivering sustainable
and inclusive growth.
Performance Review
Financial
The summarised standalone performance and appropriations for 2024-25 vis-à-vis 2023-24 are given below:
Every Refill Backed by Care, Quality and Commitment - MM Nagar COCO, Chennai
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Particulars
US$ Million
J. Crore
US$ Million
J. Crore
Profit Before Tax
1,878
15,882
6,322
52,344
Tax Provision
2,920
1,537
12,725
Profit After Tax
1,532
12,962
4,785
39,619
Balance Brought Forward from Last Year
3,868
32,719
4,916
Less: Appropriations
Interim Dividend paid
6,886
Final Dividend paid
1,140
9,640
4,132
Insurance Reserve (Net)
General Reserve
2,728
23,079
Balance Carried to Next Year
1,531
12,947
3,952
32,719
Share Value
Particulars
US$
J
US$
J
Cash Earnings Per Share
0.24
20.51
0.47
39.30
Earnings Per Share
0.11
9.41
0.35
28.77
Book Value Per Share
1.52
129.74
1.54
128.32
Note: Exchange Rate used
For 2024-25: Average Rate 1 US $ = H84.59; Closing Rate 1 US $ = H85.48 as on 31.03.2025
For 2023-24: Average Rate 1 US $ = H82.80; Closing Rate 1 US $ = H83.41 as on 31.03.2024
The macro-economic, geo-political, financial, industry-specific
information and markets in which the Company operates are
provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis section,
which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Issue of Securities/Changes in Share Capital
There was no change in the equity share capital of the Company
during the year. The Company issued Unsecured, Rated, Listed,
Taxable, Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs)
aggregating H5,000 Crore on private placement basis, during
the year, which were listed on the Debt Segment of the National
Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. The funds were
utilised for the purpose for which they were raised and there were
no deviations or variations in the utilisation. Further, the Company
redeemed NCDs amounting to H5,495 Crore during the year.
Dividend
The Board of the Company has formulated a Dividend
Distribution Policy and the dividends declared/recommended,
are in accordance with the said policy. The policy is hosted on
the website of the Company at: https://www.iocl.com/Download/
Dividend-Distribution-Policy.pdf
The Board of Directors have recommended a dividend of H3/- per
share for the year, with a payout of H4,131.47 Crore equivalent
to 32% of the PAT. This is the 58th consecutive year of dividend
declaration by your Company with cumulative payout of
H1,11,293 Crore (including the proposed dividend for 2024-25).
Contribution to Exchequer
The Company has been one of the largest contributors to the
Government Exchequer in the form of duties, taxes and dividend.
During the year H2,32,299 Crore was paid to the exchequer as
against H2,41,629 Crore paid in the previous year. An amount of
H1,10,313 Crore was paid to the Central Exchequer and H1,21,986
Crore to the States Exchequer compared to H1,21,171 Crore and
H1,20,458 Crore paid in the previous year, respectively.
Statutory Reports

Particulars
US$ Million
J. Crore
US$ Million
J. Crore
Revenue from Operations
(Inclusive of Excise Duty & Sale of Services)
1,01,592
8,59,363
1,06,429
8,81,235
Profit Before Tax
1,800
15,225
6,919
57,288
Profit After Tax
1,630
13,789
5,213
43,161
Less: Share of Minority
1,431
Profit for the Equityholders of Parent
1,607
13,598
5,040
41,730
Note: Exchange Rate used
For 2024-25: Average Rate 1 US $ = H84.59
For 2023-24: Average Rate 1 US $ = H82.80
Consolidated Financial Performance
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) and the Accounting Standards issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India, the Company has prepared the Consolidated Financial Statement for the group, including subsidiaries, joint venture
entities and associates, which forms part of the Integrated Report. The highlights of the Consolidated Financial Results are as under:
Operational Performance
The operational performance of the Company during the year is as under:
(in MMT)
Particulars
Refineries Throughput
71.564
73.308
Pipelines Throughput (Liquid and Gas pipelines)
100.477
98.626
Product Sales (inclusive of Gas, Petrochemicals & Exports)
100.292
97.551
Refineries
Amidst dynamic energy landscape shaped by the ongoing
transition evolving market trends and a growing focus on
sustainability, the Refineries Division rose to the occasion with
unwavering dedication, remarkable resilience and a steadfast
commitment to excellence transforming a year of challenges
into one marked by significant achievements and milestones.
The Refineries processed 71.56 MMT of crude during the year
with capacity utilisation of 102% of the design capacity. The
group refineries (including Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd.)
achieved a throughput of 82.02 MMT during the year.
A record distillate yield of 80.6% was achieved, surpassing the
previous best of 80.4% in 2018-19 and the Fuel & Loss at 8.8% was
the best in last five years. The Refineries achieved an operational
availability of 98.1% during 2024-25 as against 97.3% in the previous
year. On the energy conservation front, the Refineries achieved MBN
of 68.9 and Energy Intensity Index (EII) of 96.4 during the year.
Significant steps were taken to enlarge the crude oil basket
by diversification and 15 new crude oil grades from different
geographies were added during the year. The crude basket of
your Company now contains 268 grades from different regions
like Africa, Middle East, America, Russia etc.
The petrochemical units set new benchmarks with highest ever
production of 3.23 MMT, as against the previous best of 3.09
MMT in 2023-24, marked by record throughput of Butadiene
(121 TMT), HDPE (339 TMT) and Polypropylene (692 TMT).
Overview of IndianOil Paradip Refinery
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Pipelines
Pipelines continue to be the cornerstone of operational and
strategic framework of your Company. With an expansive and
resilient nationwide network spanning crude oil, petroleum
products and natural gas, these subterranean energy corridors
act as the silent yet vital arteries of the Company, ensuring round-
the-clock delivery of energy to power the Company s growth.
In 2024-25, your Company reached a new milestone by
enhancing the pipeline infrastructure, by commissioning an
additional 261 Km to its already extensive network. As on March
31, 2025, the total pipeline length was 20,005 Km, comprising of
129.92 MMTPA capacity of liquid pipelines (crude and product)
and 49.4 MMSCMD capacity of gas pipelines.
During the year, the liquid (crude and product) pipeline network
achieved highest-ever throughput of 96.92 MMT, surpassing the
previous high of 95.80 MMT achieved in 2023-24. This milestone
was driven by sustained demand for petroleum products. While
the crude oil pipelines recorded a slightly lower throughput of
51.26 MMT compared to the previous year, the product pipelines
posted a record-high throughput of 45.66 MMT, exceeding the
earlier peak of 43.99 MMT achieved in 2023-24. The gas pipeline
network also registered a significant rise in throughput, reaching
a record 4,668 MMSCM, marking a 25.6% increase over the
previous year s high of 3,717 MMSCM.
Marketing
As the most visible and customer-centric arm of your Company,
IndianOil s Marketing Division stands as the face of IndianOil,
embodying its brand promise, unwavering trust and service
excellence. With a robust network of over 63000 customer
touchpoints spanning the length and breadth of the nation,
the Marketing Division ensures seamless last mile delivery of
petroleum products, even in the most remote and demanding
terrains. This unparalleled outreach not only fuels the daily
life of millions but also fortifies IndianOil s position as the true
Energy of India .
In 2024-25, your Company retained its position as the market leader
in the downstream petroleum sector with an overall market share
of 41.52% and achieving a domestic sales volume of 84.96 MMT
(excluding LNG), the highest-ever in the Company s history. The
Company s resilience was underpinned by proactive marketing
strategies, robust supply chain management, integration of digital
solutions and a customer-centric approach. Through continuous
innovation in customer engagement, diversification of service
offerings and steadfast adherence to its core value of Nation-
First , your Company has not only safeguarded its leadership
status but has also deepened its engagement with its customers
across the country.
During the year, your Company commissioned 2,823 Retail Outlets
(ROs), 350 CNG stations and 40 CBG stations, consistently
building a formidable infrastructure network of 40,221 ROs,
2,437 CNG stations and 125 CBG stations as on March 31,
2025. Significant progress has been made in the development
of Way Side Amenities (WSA), with 72 bids won and 28 WSA
sites commissioned during 2024-25, taking the total number of
commissioned sites to 68.
In alignment with its strategic thrust towards sustainable energy
solutions, your Company continued to scale up the integration of
renewable energy across its retail footprint. During the year, 4,227
ROs were solarised, taking the cumulative number to 35,874,
representing an impressive 89.2% of the total retail network.
With a combined installed capacity exceeding 175 MWp, these
solar-powered outlets significantly contribute to reducing the
carbon footprint, further consolidating Company s leadership in
green energy adoption within the downstream sector. In tandem
with the Company s Net-Zero commitment, the electric mobility
ecosystem also witnessed robust expansion. During the year,
4,526 Fast Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (EVCS) and 130
Slow EVCS were commissioned, taking the cumulative number to
13,614. Furthermore, your Company added 37 Battery Swapping
From the Heart of the Refinery to the Soul of the Nation - IndianOil Pipelines Keep the Energy Flowing
Statutory Reports

facilities during the year, enhancing the total network to 128.
These initiatives reflect the commitment to driving low-carbon
mobility solutions while enabling a future-ready, sustainable
energy infrastructure.
The LPG business achieved total sale of 15.40 MMT (including
export), registering a growth of 8.60% over the previous year, with
domestic market share of 45.23%. Under the PMUY Scheme,
your Company released 37.5 Lakh connections. The year also
witnessed the highest ever bulk LPG sales of 594 TMT, highest
ever XtraTej (a differentiated LPG gas for commercial and
industrial applications) sales of 462 TMT, highest ever sale of
Chhotu (a small 5 kg gas cylinder) of 33.3 TMT, highest ever
NANOCUT sales of 6.8 TMT. Increasing the product offering,
XtraBoost (New age automotive version of AutoGas which
boosts the engine performance), Propane Plus (delivers higher
flame temperature than Base Propane and thereby endures
reduced fuel consumption, cleaner combustion and increased
heat output) & Chhotu Master (Chhotu cylinder + cooktop) were
launched during the year.
To enhance LPG safety awareness, a campaign named Sense
of Duty was carried out nationwide. 25,656 safety clinics/LPG
Panchayats engaging over 7 Lakh customers, 4,475 school
safety clinics covering over 3.6 Lakh students and 380 cooking
competitions were organised, engaging 40,000 participants. LPG
safety videos were screened in 3,175 theatres, jingles aired on
121 radio channels, TV commercials played on 55 channels and
39,000 hoardings/banners were displayed at Retail Outlets and
LPG distributorships for public awareness. With the focussed
approach towards safety, the domestic LPG accidents at
customer premises decreased during the year by 73% over
the previous year.
India s Ethanol blending programme represents a significant stride
towards environmental sustainability by lowering dependence on
fossil fuels and reducing carbon emissions. Under the Ethanol
Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS) programme, your Company achieved
a record ethanol blending level of 17.2% during 2024-25 and 19.1%
considering the Ethanol Supply Year (ESY) from November 2024
to May 2025. Furthermore, the Company commenced the sale of
20% ethanol-blended motor spirit (E20) across the country from
December 2024. In addition, the Company attained its highest-
ever biodiesel blending level of 0.52%, reinforcing its commitment
to cleaner and greener fuel alternatives.
Your Company continued its leadership in the aviation fuel market,
maintaining a dominant share of 54.53% in domestic market
during the year and registered total sales of 5.07 MMT (including
export) of Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF). This performance reaffirms
the Company s strategic position as the foremost fuel supplier to
the aviation sector in India, which is poised for robust long-term
growth amid increasing passenger traffic and expanding regional
connectivity. In support of this anticipated growth, in March 2025,
your Company commissioned an Aviation Fuel Station (AFS) at
Srinagar Airport and another one at Rewa, Madhya Pradesh taking
the total number to 130. In addition, all AFSs continue to uphold
the highest standards of quality, environmental and occupational
health and safety management through sustained ISO 9001, ISO
14001 and ISO 45001 certifications.
On the international front, your Company expanded its global
aviation footprint through the export of AVGAS 100 LL to
Pertamina (Indonesia) and Padma Oil (Bangladesh), marking
significant progress in its global outreach. Upholding its Nation-
First ethos, your Company also played a vital role in national
emergency response efforts, including timely support during the
Wayanad landslide and critical refueling operations for flood relief
in Uttarakhand.
SERVO - the Superbrand of Lubricants, is among the leading
lubricant brands in India with around 27% market share in finished
Lubricants. IT serves diverse sectors like automotive, industrial,
railways, marine and defence. IT is backed by a wide distribution
network and trusted brand reputation. SERVO registered the
highest-ever sales volume of 780 TMT (including exports). Your
Company became the first Indian company to develop and launch
FIM (Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme) Category 2
Racing Fuels, aptly branded as STORM and STORM-X, for bike
and car racing, respectively. In sync with the gaining popularity of
Electric Vehicles (EV), an entire range of EV Lubricants viz. Servo
Futura EV Trans 75W 90 (Transmission oil), Servo Futura EV
Smart Fuel for Clean, Precise Cutting - Indane Nanocut
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Trans 75W (Transmission oil), Servo Futura EV Grease (Electric
motor bearing grease), Servo Kool EV Ready (Battery system
cooling fluid) was launched in March 2025. Your Company is also
collaborating with International Tractors Ltd. for fuel-efficient
lubricants and validated XtraGreen and alternate fuels on TREM
III/IV/V tractors. During the year, Engine Builders Approval (EBA)
was received from Bajaj Auto, Royal Enfield and Maruti. SERVO's
global footprint has expanded to 45 countries, strengthening the
presence of Company in the international market.
With the upcoming LOBS production capacity expansion at
Haldia Refinery & Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited s
Manali Refinery and new LOBS production facilities in Gujarat and
Panipat Refineries with the capability of producing Grade III base
oils, the Company is ambitiously looking forward to achieve and
double the market share of SERVO lubricants by 2029-30.
As on March 31, 2025, your Company had 127 supply locations
(depots/terminals) spread across the country reaching petroleum
products to far-flung areas even during difficult times including
natural calamities. The marketing infrastructure of your Company
was further strengthened during the year with the commissioning
of new grassroot POL ToP at Malkapur, Telangana and a new
LPG bottling plant at Khorda, Odisha. Further, during the year,
mechanical completion of captive jetty at Kamarajar Port,
Ennore, Tamil Nadu and New Lube Complex at Amullavoyal,
Chennai, Tamil Nadu was also achieved and is expected to be
commissioned during 2025-26.
In the Brand Finance Global 500 listing for the year 2025, your
Company moved up 28 ranks (from 474 in 2024 to 446 in 2025)
and is the only oil & gas company from India to feature in the list
demonstrating the strong presence of its various brands across
Retail, LPG and Lubricants.
The Cryogenics Group of the Company is one of the leading
cryogenics equipment manufacturers in India with over 44
years of experience in Design and Production of State-of-the-Art
Vacuum Super-insulated Cryogenic Storage & Transport Vessels
for LIN, Lox, Lar & LNG applications. Maintaining its leadership
in the Cryocans business, the cryogenic group sold over 25,000
units of cryocans during the year. During the year, a major order
for design and manufacturing of cryogenic equipment from Naval
Materials Research Laboratory (NMRL) was obtained, which will
provide foray into the Defence Sector unplugging major business
potential for next 5 years. Anticipating high growth potential
in Cryogenic segment, especially in regard to LNG and Liquid
Oxygen, the Company is setting up a new manufacturing facility
at Dindori, Maharashtra and the manufacturing of select products
shall commence from the new facility during 2025-26.
Research and Development
Since the establishment of its R&D Centre at Faridabad in 1972,
your Company has consistently fostered a culture of innovation,
anchored in its core values. The R&D initiatives continue to drive
technological advancements that enhance operational efficiency,
reduce energy consumption, promotes sustainability and enrich
the product portfolio with cutting-edge solutions. This enduring
commitment to innovation reflects the Company s Vision of
staying future-ready while delivering greater value to the nation.
To further expand its footprint and facilitate transformation
into an integrated energy company, your Company is setting
up a second New Energy Centre at Faridabad with research
facilities for Alternative & Renewable Energy, Corrosion Research,
Nanotechnology and Synthetic Biology. Your Company is also
funding various futuristic alternative and renewable energy
demo projects, implementing energy conservation schemes
across divisions, operating and expanding product applications &
development facilities around Petrochemical business, deploying
innovative in-house developed solutions as Drag Reducing
Agent for captive use, working for import substitution through
production of specialised and differentiated products like racing
fuels, reference fuels etc.
During the year, the total expenditure on R&D and major innovation
initiatives across the Company was H1,067 Crore. The research
endeavors during the year resulted in filing 73 patents, taking
the total number of filed patents to 1809 as of March 31, 2025.
Further, the Company was granted 129 patents during the year,
taking the total effective patent portfolio to 1689.
During 2024-25, the R&D Centre made significant strides
in refining, catalyst technology, lubricants, petrochemicals,
nanotechnology,
alternative
energy,
indigenous
catalyst
deployment, advanced EV lubricants, pipeline inspection tools,
carbon capture technology, nano-fuel innovations, etc. enhancing
sustainability and self-reliance.
Major developments in Refining & Catalyst Technology during
2024-25 include commissioning of 300 kTA grassroot indDSK
unit for Pipeline Compatible Kerosene (PCK) at Paradip Refinery,
commissioning of IV-IZOMaxCat ISOM catalyst at Bongaigaon
Refinery and supplying 3820 MT of in-house developed Catalyst.
With more than 169 lubricant formulations released and 58
OEM approvals, R&D Centre developed some niche products for
EVs to strengthen EV lubricant portfolio. Your Company is also
exploring collaboration with a leading catalyst manufacturer for
manufacturing INDMAX catalysts to promote self-reliance in
catalyst production.
The Pipeline research achieved remarkable milestones and R&D
developed INDScan iPIG tools facilitated more than 4500 Km of
pipeline inspection during 2024-25. Besides catering to captive
needs, in-house developed XtraFlo DRA has now become
sought-after-product. The i-ZN22 PP Catalyst developed and
trials at Paradip Refinery confirmed superior performance. In the
realm of Nanotechnology, 2 in-house developed nano additised
products viz. Propane Plus - a green fuel for industrial use and
XtraBoost - an advanced version of AutoGas were launched.
A powerful testament to the strength and success of IndianOil s
vibrant start-up ecosystem are the 42 promising start-ups
that have been selected and incubated under start-up funding
scheme, collectively securing an impressive 86 Intellectual
Property Rights (IPRs).
Business Development
The Company has strategically diversified beyond its traditional
operations, making notable progress across Petrochemicals,
Natural Gas, Alternative Energy, Exploration & Production and
Explosives. In line with the long-term vision, the Company
Statutory Reports

continues to push forward its goal of increasing its contribution to
India s energy mix and achieving Net-Zero operational emissions
by 2046. The Company remains committed to its sustainability
and growth targets, with concerted efforts across all verticals.
Petrochemicals Business
As part of its long-term strategy to diversify and strengthen its
core hydrocarbon portfolio, your Company continued to reinforce
the petrochemicals business as a high-growth, value-added
vertical that complements the traditional fossil fuel segment. The
Company retained its position as the second-largest player in the
Indian petrochemicals market, leveraging integration synergies
with its refineries to drive cost efficiencies and supply chain
resilience. During the year, petrochemical sales, including exports,
rose to an all-time high of 3.24 MMT, exhibiting the Company s
best-ever performance in this segment.
In 2024-25, the Company expanded its product portfolio with two
new niche polymer grades i.e., PP Homopolymer for thin-wall
packaging and PP Impact copolymer for automotive and luggage
applications. The HDPE grade for large blow molding application
was reintroduced with improved grade characteristics, aiding
import substitution. The Company secured 16 OEM approvals
from major firms including Crompton, P&G and Panasonic. A
90 KTA Normal Butyl Alcohol (NBA) plant was commissioned at
Gujarat Refinery, achieving 1,170 MT in sales within three months.
Polymer exports to Nepal reached a record of 53 TMT. Additionally,
the Company s recycled polymer brand 'CYCLOPLAST' achieved
its highest-ever annual sales of 220 MT.
In alignment with its strategic vision to enhance the Petrochemical
Intensity Index (PII) to over 15% by 2030, your Company is actively
pursuing growth opportunities across diverse segments of the
petrochemical value chain. These include bulk and specialty
chemicals, industrial and intermediate chemicals, biopolymers
and post-consumer plastic recycling. As part of its expansion
roadmap, the Company proposes to set up a 300 KTA yarn
manufacturing facility at Bhadrak, Odisha, through a joint venture
with MCPI Pvt. Ltd., which is expected to significantly strengthen
its presence in the polyester segment. Further, to diversify product
offerings at the Paradip Polypropylene Plant, the Company has
planned to install additional units to enable the production of
impact and random co-polymer grades of polypropylene.
Natural Gas Business
The year 2024-25 marked a record-breaking year for natural
gas business, with exceptional performance across sourcing,
sales, infrastructure and strategic partnerships. The natural gas
sales soared to 9.45 MMTPA (including internal consumption),
a 20% increase from the previous year s 7.85 MMTPA. The rise
in sales was underpinned by robust sales growth, tie-up of long-
term contracts and 69% growth in Spot Sales. Small Scale LNG
(SSLNG) sales also hit a new high at 186 TMT, a 23% increase
over previous year. Consequently, the Company s market share
during the year rose to 14.2% from 13%.
As a key partner of the Indian Gas Exchange (IGX), your Company
tripled its traded volumes to 296 MMSCM (0.2 MMT) of natural
gas in 2024-25. During the year, a first of its kind MoU was signed
with ONGC to explore and monetize the untapped Natural Gas
in small stranded/marginal fields by setting up Small Scale
Liquefaction plants and its supply to customers by LNG road
tankers. Further, the first international agreement was signed
with Yogya Holdings Pvt Ltd., Nepal for export of LNG to Nepal.
During the year, your Company inked a 10-year deal with
TotalEnergies Gas & Power Ltd. to source upto 0.8 MMTPA LNG
and a 14-year deal with Abu Dhabi Gas Liquefaction Company
Limited securing 1.2 MMTPA LNG, both starting in 2026. Further, a
Sale Purchase Agreement (SPA) has been signed with Abu Dhabi
National Oil Company PJSC in July 2025 for supply of 1 MMTPA
LNG over 15 years from the upcoming Ruwais LNG Terminal.
Your Company has been nominated by the Ministry of Petroleum
& Natural Gas as the designated working agency to develop LNG
infrastructure in Great Nicobar Island and in South Andaman.
City Gas Distribution (CGD)
Your Company along with its 2 JVCs (IndianOil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd.
& Green Gas Ltd.) is now present in 49 GAs covering 115 districts
spread across 21 States and UTs, making IT one of the largest
CGD players in the country. On standalone basis, the Company
has authorisations for 26 GAs, covering 78 Districts, in 11 states
and UTs. All 26 GAs awarded to the Company are operational.
Total sales increased to 112 TMT during 2024-25, nearly doubling
up from previous year level.
Exploration & Production (E&P) Business
Your Company maintains a well-balanced portfolio of upstream
assets across domestic and international locations. The
portfolio comprises 25 oil and gas assets, 14 active domestic
and 11 overseas. Of the total portfolio, 9 assets (7 overseas
and 2 domestic) are currently producing, while 6 are under
development, 3 have discoveries, 1 is under appraisal and 6 are
under exploration.
During 2024-25, the production from E&P assets rose to 4.45
MMToe, up from 4.26 MMToe in the previous year. Domestically,
the Company acquired Mercator Petroleum Ltd., securing full
control of Block CB-ONN-2005/9 in Gujarat's Cambay Basin. In
Jharkhand, CBM gas production began from the 1st block, with
sales conducted through IGX. In the 2nd CBM block in Jharkhand,
PROPEL Polymers - Built on Quality, Tailored for Performance
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

all statutory approvals have been obtained to begin gas production
and sales through cascades. In Assam, recent workover
operations led to a substantial production increase resulting in
additional Gas of 5 MMSCFD. Internationally, the Company along
with its consortium partners signed the Production Concession
Agreement with ADNOC for the Ruwais discovery in Abu Dhabi s
Onshore Block 1, with production targeted to begin by 2026-27.
Further, a hydrocarbon discovery was made in the unconventional
Shilaif Formation in the same block through hydrofracking.
Following the lifting of Force Majeure in Libya, exploration
activities have resumed in assets with existing discoveries. The
Company has also earned dividends from its stakes in Lower
Zakum (UAE) and Russian assets viz. Taas and Vankor.
Looking forward, the Company aims to boost upstream
production, primarily through investment in domestic assets,
while also tapping suitable overseas opportunities, especially in
producing oil & gas blocks.
Alternative Energy
With an installed renewable energy capacity of 252.1 MW
comprising of 167.6 MW of wind and 84.5 MW of solar, your
Company achieved renewable power generation of 365.72
GWh during 2024-25, resulting in mitigation of 276.85 TMT of
CO equivalent emissions. Further, to support the value chain in
mitigating emissions, the Company has set up solar power units
at 35,874 ROs, which is 90.5% of the retail outlet network. These
units have a total capacity of ~175.7 MW.
A significant part of the operational Net-Zero target is usage
of Renewable Energy (RE). The Company has established a
dedicated green energy subsidiary, Terra Clean Limited (TCL) to
drive the development of its green energy portfolio. In the initial
phase, TCL would set up 1 GW RE projects which would be further
scaled upto 5.3 GW. Your Company is exploring collaboration with
leading solar entities as well as power transmission utilities for
establishing strategic partnerships in RE domain.
On the Biofuel front, your Company leads in implementation
of the Government of India s Sustainable Alternative Towards
Affordable Transportation (SATAT) scheme for setting up plants
for supply of Compressed Biogas (CBG) to Company s ROs and
direct customers. The total count of active Letters of Intents (LoIs)
for production and supply of CBG was 714 as on March 31, 2025.
During the year, 13 CBG plants under SATAT were commissioned,
taking the tally of commissioned CBG plants to 44. Surpassing
previous year s performance, the Company registered sales of 8.9
TMT of CBG through nearly 125 ROs and 4 Industrial customers.
During the year, the Company commissioned a 100 TPD cattle
dung-to-CBG plant in Gwalior, supporting the 'City Waste to City
Transport' model. The Company also commenced supply from
its 200 TPD CBG plant in Gorakhpur, with the product being sold
at the Company s ROs under the 'IndiGreen' brand. Your Company
is also setting up 30 CBG plants through its Joint Venture
Companies (JVCs). A JVC namely IOC GPS Renewable Pvt.
Ltd. , has been formed with GPS Renewable Pvt. Ltd., while other
JVs are at various stages of formation. Out of the 30 committed
CBG plants, 4 plants are already commissioned, construction is
underway for 9 plants, while activities at the remaining identified
sites are at various stages of development.
Your Company is setting up a Used Cooking Oil (UCO) based
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) co-processing facility at its Panipat
Refinery, designed to produce 735 KTPA of SAF-blended ATF with
a 4% SAF blend which is expected to be operational in 2025-26.
Further, the Company is exploring joint development of HEFA and
Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) based SAF through strategic alliances. Your
Company plans to set up India s first commercial-scale ATJ-SAF
plant utilizing Ethanol as feedstock by 2027-28. Additionally, your
Company is working on a project aimed at producing sugar-based
SAF and Green Isoprene. To further support SAF development,
your Company has partnered with IATA to establish SAF Registry
for accurate emission reduction tracking.
Your Company is committed to transforming India s energy
landscape with sustainable and scalable green solutions.
Sustainable Development
In alignment with the United Nations Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs), your Company continues to embed sustainability
in its business ethos, systematically integrating environmental,
social and economic considerations into its business strategies
and operational decision-making processes. This approach aims
to generate long-term value for stakeholders while minimizing
negative impact on the environment and society.
Your Company is continuously striving to reduce its water footprint
by undertaking water management initiatives that includes use
of treated wastewater, rainwater harvesting, etc. contributing
to significant water reuse and conservation. Further, as part of
Company s steadfast commitment to encouraging sustainability,
Mathura & Gujarat Refineries are reutilizing treated wastewater
from Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) at Laxmi Nagar & Rajiv Nagar
respectively resulting in reduction of freshwater withdrawal from
Rivers and Canals. Similar initiatives are being implemented in
Haldia Refinery as well. Around 89% of wastewater produced is
recycled and reused within the refinery operations.
Your Company regards ecological and environmental protection
as the focal point of its conservation programs. To give back to
nature, large-scale tree plantation activities are carried out at
all installations. As part of our efforts to contribute to a greener
planet, your Company has planted more than seven Lakh trees
during 2024-25. Your Company has invested approx. H56 Crore in
tree plantation projects across 21 sites in four states under Green
Credit Program (GCP). After the successful implementation of
Mangrove 1.0 plantation initiative under which 20 Lakh trees were
planted, the Company has committed to plant 30 Lakh trees along
the coast of West Bengal under Mangroves 2.0 initiative. Your
Company s refineries house eco-parks that serve as conservation
zones for flora, fauna and migratory birds.
Statutory Reports

As part of the Company s commitment to sustainability and
operational excellence, the Company has achieved GreenCo
and Green building certification for over 370 of its locations.
In addition, pipelines corresponding to over 5000 Km in length
have also been certified under GreenCo certification. Further, the
Company has yet again retained top rank among Indian Oil & Gas
companies in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) 2024.
The Company has been publishing the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) which aims to increase
transparency and accountability regarding ESG performance.
Further, the Company has been publishing its annual
Sustainability Report since 2006-07 in alignment with key global
and national frameworks.
Net-Zero initiatives
Your Company has set a bold target to achieve Net-Zero
operational emissions by 2046, with an estimated expenditure of
H2.5 Lakh Crore. As an environmentally conscious organization,
your Company systematically measures, manages and reports
its emissions. The Company s Scope 1 & 2 emissions for 2024-
25 amount to ~22.53 MMTCO2e. The Company is pursuing a
multifaceted strategy to reduce its carbon footprint, focusing
on key areas such as green hydrogen, CBG, renewable energy,
energy efficiency, tree plantation, carbon capture utilisation
& storage etc.
Aligned with Net-Zero commitment, the Company plans to build a
green energy portfolio that includes 31 GW of renewable energy,
4 MMT of biofuels and 1 MMT of biogas by 2030, with a vision to
expand to 200 GW of renewable energy, 7 MMT of biofuels and
9 MMT of biogas by 2050. This proactive approach is vital for
driving industry-wide progress towards a low-carbon future and
achieving the goal of Net-Zero emissions.
Your Company ensures that its products are safe and sustainable
and contribute positively to the environment and society. In
alignment with the vision, your Company has been diversifying
into greener product offerings, building a portfolio of efficient,
low-carbon products through continuous efforts. Company s
product stewardship efforts are characterised by a strong focus
on blended fuels, natural gas and high-performance lubricants.
New Business
Your Company made significant strides in regional and global
energy diplomacy during the year. Subsequent to signing of a
G2G MoU with Nepal government in 2023, the Company signed
two landmark B2B Framework Agreements with Nepal Oil
Corporation in October 2024. These agreements pave the way
for major cross-border energy infrastructure projects, including
the extension of the Motihari - Amlekhgunj petroleum pipeline
to Chitwan (Nepal) and construction of a new Siliguri - Jhapa
(Nepal) pipeline alongwith development of oil storage terminals
at Chitwan and Jhapa.
During the year, IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd., a subsidiary of the
Company and Hansraj Hulaschand & Co. Pvt. Ltd. formed a Joint
Venture, IOML Hulas Lube Pvt. Ltd., to set up SERVO lube blending
facilities in Kathmandu, which would be your Company s first
manufacturing venture in Nepal. The move would improve cost
efficiency of product placement vis-à-vis import based supply,
while boosting the brand presence of the Company and regional
market strength.
The Company continues to play a key role in facilitating G2G
agreements between India and Bangladesh, to strengthen
regional energy cooperation. The Company has supplied 635 TMT
of Gasoil, Gasoline, Jet A1 and Fuel Oil to Bangladesh Petroleum
Corporation (BPC) from January 2023 to June 2025, ensuring
international standards of quality along with meeting delivery
timelines and quantity requirements. The Company has also
secured a contract from BPC to supply 140 TMT of petroleum
products during July to December 2025.
On the global front, a tripartite MoU was signed with Mitsubishi
Corporation Japan and Mitsubishi Corporation India to explore
cooperation in chemicals, sustainable fuels, logistics, bioplastics
and more. A dedicated M&A cell was set up to drive inorganic
Prime Minister Narendra Modi showing the Hydrogen Bus to European Commission President Ursula Von Der Leyen
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

growth, focusing on renewables, CGD, allied industry, EV sector,
vessel acquisition etc.
Explosives Business
Your Company remained a significant player in India s bulk
explosives and blast-based services sector in 2024-25, with
operations spanning 13 plants and a strong client base including
Coal India Limited (CIL) and Steel Authority of India Limited
(SAIL). The 13th plant was commissioned at Neyveli Lignite
Corporation India Ltd. (NLCIL) in March 2025. The Company
achieved sales of 319 TMT at par with previous year, braving
environment challenges.
Looking ahead, two new plants, one at Mandamarri (Telangana)
under Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) and another
one in the Majri Area of Western Coalfields Limited (WCL)
are under development. The Company is also exploring new
opportunities with various Mining Developers cum Operators
(MDOs) in the coal mining sector.
Projects
Your Company spent H40,374 Crore on projects during 2024-25,
which includes H39,195 Crore on Standalone basis and H1,179
Crore as Equity Investment in Joint Ventures (JVs) & Subsidiaries.
The Company contributed more than 1/4th to the total CAPEX
incurred by PSUs under the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas.
Currently, the Company is executing over 160 projects (each
costing more than ₹5 Crore), with a total outlay of more than
₹2.6 Lakh Crore, on a standalone basis as well as through its JVs
and subsidiaries. These efforts are aimed at consolidating and
enhancing its leadership position in the market.
The Company s investments can be broadly categorised in two
major areas, i.e., Strengthening Core & Powering Energy Transition.

N
Strengthening Core Business: The Company is investing
significantly in refining, petrochemicals, pipelines, marketing
and upstream sectors to enhance energy security and meet
the growing demand for petroleum products in India. Capacity
expansion projects are underway in major Refineries such as
Panipat, Gujarat and Barauni. Petrochemical Intensity Index
(PII) is planned to be increased to 15% by 2030 through PX-
PTA plant and major petrochemical complex at Paradip,
yarn project at Bhadrak, Polybutadiene rubber project at
Panipat among others. Further, over 2,000 Km of pipeline
expansion projects are at various stages of implementation
that includes greenfield and brownfield cross-country as well
as cross-border pipelines of petroleum products and natural
gas. Retail outlets and storage terminals are being upgraded,
improving customer outreach. LPG infrastructure expansion
is enhancing access to clean cooking fuel across India. On the
R&D front, upcoming new technology centre at the Faridabad
will focus on alternative energy and long-term sustainability.

N
Powering Energy Transition: The Company is advancing
cleaner energy solutions aligned with India s Net-Zero goals.
To support vision of increasing the share of natural gas in
the energy mix, the Company is expanding its network in its
49 CGD Geographical Areas and upgrading infrastructure
for natural gas use in refineries. Strengthening the Biofuel
sector, apart from the focus on 20% Ethanol blending, your
Company is targeting establishment of a commercial scale
SAF plant and is on course to set up 30 CBG plants across
the country. Catalysing the Green Hydrogen movement, your
Company is setting up a 10 KTPA Green Hydrogen plant at
Panipat. With over 13,600 EV charging stations and forays
in battery swapping and manufacturing, the Company is
securing leadership in future mobility. The Company aims to
build a robust renewable energy portfolio by 2030 through
its wholly owned subsidiary, Terra Clean Ltd., spanning
solar, wind, hydro, green hydrogen, EV infra and bioenergy.
Through strategic diversification and deep investments in both
traditional and green domains, the Company is positioning itself
as a future-ready energy major aligned with India s long-term
energy and climate ambitions.
Health, Safety & Environment (HS&E)
Given the inherently hazardous nature of the petroleum
industry, your Company places highest priority on health,
safety and environmental protection. The Company upholds
the principle that safety supersedes business objectives
and remains steadfast in its commitment to being an industry
leader in Occupational Health, Safety and Environmental (HS&E)
stewardship. Operations across the Company are governed by
a robust and structured Safety Management System, ensuring
stringent adherence to safety protocols, procedures and
applicable environmental regulations. Compliance is diligently
monitored at all levels, reinforcing a culture of accountability and
continuous improvement. The Board of Directors periodically
review Company s HS&E performance and initiatives, reflecting
the strategic importance placed on safeguarding people, assets
and the environment. During 2024-25, the Company undertook a
wide range of HS&E initiatives, including awareness campaigns,
policy enhancements, training programmes and capability-
building interventions, to strengthen safety practices and promote
occupational health throughout the organisation. Upskilling of
employees posted at operating locations was ensured through
safety training programs conducted during the year. As against
the target of 10,000 mandays mandated under Government s
MoU parameter for 2024-25, 28,867 mandays of safety training
were successfully imparted.
Human Resources
The total number of employees as on March 31, 2025 was
29,941, including 18,740 executives and 11,201 non-executives
of which 2,663 were women employees. During the year, the
Company recruited 704 executives and 376 non-executives. To
further the cause of apprenticeship training in the country, the
Company engaged 1849 apprentices under various categories
like
Trade/Technician/Fresher/skill-certificate
holder
which
constitutes 6.03% of the total workforce. The apprentices were
imparted practical inputs with a structured monitoring and
assessment methodology.
The Company scrupulously follows the Presidential Directives
and Guidelines issued by the Government of India regarding
the reservation in services for SC/ST/OBC/PwBD (Persons with
Benchmark Disabilities)/Ex-servicemen/Economically Weaker
Sections (EWSs) to promote inclusive growth. Rosters are
maintained as per the directives and are regularly inspected by the
Statutory Reports

Liaison Officer(s) of the Company as well as the Liaison Officer of
the Government of India to ensure proper compliance. Grievance/
Complaint Registers are also maintained at Division/Region/Unit
levels for registering grievances from OBC/SC/ST employees and
efforts are made to promptly dispose of the representations/
grievances received. In accordance with the Presidential Directive,
the details of representation of SC/ST/OBC in the prescribed
format are attached as Annexure-I to this Report.
The provisions of 4% reservation for persons with disabilities
in line with the Government of India s guidelines/instructions
were implemented by the Company. Necessary concessions/
relaxations in accordance with the rules in this regard were
extended to physically challenged persons in recruitment. Your
Company also complies with the applicable provisions of the
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.
During the year, cordial industrial relations were maintained across
the Company. The Company provides comprehensive welfare
facilities to its employees to take care of their health, efficiency,
economic betterment, etc. and to enable them to give their best at
the workplace. The Company supports participative culture in the
management of the enterprise and has adopted a consultative
approach with collectives, establishing a harmonious relationship
for industrial peace, thereby leading to higher productivity.
During the year, the Company continued and improved its talent
development program- Nav-Urja Nirman: Building a Future in
Renewable Energy and engaged with top institutions in the
country to foster in-house expertise among junior/mid-level
officers to navigate the complexities of renewable energy sectors.
With a focus towards learning, the Company also introduced the
training platform - Eklavya, enabling its workforce to learn from
the exclusive repository of courses focusing on future-ready skills.
The Company also provided diverse internship opportunities to
the youth under the Prime Minister Internship Scheme.
During the year, the Company also leveraged technology to ensure
future readiness. To optimise operations through technology,
a centralised HR Shared Service Centre (HR SSC) has been
established to streamline pan-India HR operations, thus reducing
redundancy, enhancing efficiency and ensuring consistent service
delivery. The Company introduced an AI-based intervention -
Indian Oil Listening Agent (IOLA) to identify strengths and areas
of improvement at various levels with a focus on improving
overall employee experience.
Particulars of Employees
The provisions of Section 134(3)(e) of the Companies Act 2013
are not applicable to a Government Company. Consequently,
details on Company s policy on Directors appointment and
other matters as required under Section 178 (3) of the Act,
are not provided.
Similarly, Section 197 of the Act is also exempt for a Government
Company. Consequently, there is no requirement of disclosure
of the ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median
employee s remuneration and such other details, including the
statement showing the names and other particulars of every
employee of the Company, who if employed throughout/part
of the financial year, was in receipt of remuneration in excess
of the limits set out in the Rules are not provided in terms
of Section 197 (12) of the Act read with Rule 5 (1)/(2) of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014.
Hindi Implementation
The Company complied with the provisions of the Official
Language Act, 1963 and Rules of 1976 notified thereunder
during the year. Official language implementation in day-to-day
functioning at various offices/locations/units is being ensured
as per guidelines of Rajbhasha Vibhag. The communications
including any application, appeal or representation written
or signed in Hindi are replied in Hindi. Official Language
Implementation Committees (OLIC) have been formed in all
offices/units to monitor the progress & promote new initiatives
in official language. The Parliamentary Committee on Official
IndianOil - Driven by People. Defined by Performance.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Corporate Social Responsibility
Your Company remains committed to its core philosophy of
nurturing communities and safeguarding the environment. CSR is
viewed not merely as a statutory obligation, but as an integral part
of responsible corporate conduct. IT represents the Company s
ongoing dedication to conducting business in an ethical manner
while fostering inclusive economic growth and enhancing the
quality of life, particularly for communities in and around its
operational areas. The Company s Corporate Social Responsibility
(CSR) thrust areas include Safe drinking water and protection
of water resources , Healthcare and sanitation , Education and
employment-enhancing vocational skills , 'Rural development',
'Environment sustainability', Empowerment of women and
socially/economically backward groups , etc. The CSR policy of
the Company can be accessed on the Company website: https://
www.iocl.com/download/IOC_S&CSR_Policy.pdf.
During the year, as against the CSR budget of H539.17 Crore (2%
of the average profit of the previous three years H574.46 Crore
minus excess spent in previous year H35.29 Crore), the Company
spent a higher sum of H583.04 Crore to ensure continuity in the
planned CSR activities including many flagship projects resulting
in carry over of H43.87 Crore for setting off in succeeding years.
A report on the Company s CSR activities as per the provisions
of the Act, along with CSR highlights for the year is attached as
Annexure-II to this Report.
Right to Information Act (RTI)
The Company complies with the provisions of The Right
to Information Act 2005 and has put in place an elaborate
mechanism across the Company to deal with the matters relating
thereto. To meet the requirements under the Act and to ensure
compliance of its various provisions, your Company has one
designated Nodal Officer, 31 First Appellate Authorities (FAAs),
41. Central Public Information Officers (CPIOs) and 41 Assistant
Public Information Officers (APIOs) across all Divisions.
The information required under section 4(1)(b) of the RTI Act has been
made available on the Company s official website www.iocl.com
and the same is regularly updated as well. Your Company has
aligned with the on-line RTI portal of Department of Personnel
and Training and, all the applications/appeals received through
the portal, are disposed off through electronic mode only.
During the year, 4,347 requests and 604 first appeals were
disposed-off within the prescribed timeline. 91 second appeals
were disposed-off by the Hon ble Central Information Commission,
New Delhi without imposition of any penalty/disciplinary action
against the Company.
Compliance with the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act,
The Company complies with the provisions of the Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013, with clear objective of providing protection
to women against sexual harassment at the workplace and for
the prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual harassment.
Internal Committees have been set up at every Unit/Region/Head
Office level, headed by senior-level women employee to deal with
sexual harassment complaints, if any.
5 complaints of sexual harassment were pending as on April
1, 2024. During the year, 4 complaints were received and 6
complaints were disposed-off. As on March 31, 2025, 3 complaints
are pending, of which 1 is pending for more than 90 days.
Regular workshops are held especially for women employees
to bring awareness about their rights and facilities at workplace
and emphasizing the provisions of the Act. Gender sensitization
programs for the male employees are also conducted regularly.
Newly recruited employees in the Company are made aware
of the provisions of the Act and the measures adopted by the
Company to prevent such incidents.
Vigilance
The vigilance function operates with an objective to ensure
maintenance of the highest level of integrity throughout the
Company. The Vigilance department not only acts as a link
between the Company and Central Vigilance Commission but
also advises the Company in all matters pertaining to vigilance.
The Vigilance Department adopts a three-pronged approach
i.e. preventive, punitive and participative, with a strong focus on
prevention and participation and also help in establishing effective
internal control systems and procedures for minimizing systemic
failures. During the year, 818 Vigilance Awareness programs were
conducted, which were attended by approx. 24,000 stakeholders.
Disciplinary actions under applicable Conduct, Discipline and
Appeal Rules 1980 and Certified Standing Orders are taken by
the Company for irregularities/lapses. During the year, 2015
Disciplinary matters related to Vigilance cases were disposed
off and 44 cases were pending at the end of the year. The
cases pertain to irregularities such as indiscipline, dishonesty,
negligence in performance of duty or neglect of work etc. The
Company continuously and regularly endeavors to ensure fair
and transparent transactions through technology interventions
and system/process review in consultation with Central Vigilance
Commission and internal Vigilance set up.
Computer Data Application Course for Girls Student at SDI Bhubaneswar
Language inspected 23 Company s offices/locations/units
during the year and commended the Company s efforts in
implementation of Official Language across the Company.
Statutory Reports

Public Deposit Scheme
The Public Deposit Scheme of the Company was closed with
effect from August 31, 2009. The Company has not invited any
deposits from the public during the year and no deposits are
outstanding as on March 31, 2025, except H55,000, which remains
unpaid due to unsettled legal/court cases.
Corporate Governance
Your Company always endeavours to adhere to the highest
standards of corporate governance, which are within the control of
the Company. A comprehensive Report on Corporate Governance
inter-alia highlighting the efforts of the Company in ensuring
transparency, integrity and accountability in its functioning has
been incorporated as a separate section, forming a part of the
Integrated Annual Report. The certificate issued by the Practicing
Company Secretary on Compliance with Corporate Governance
guidelines is annexed to the Report on Corporate Governance.
Management s Discussion & Analysis Report
The Management s Discussion and Analysis (MDA) Report,
as required under Corporate Governance guidelines, has
also been provided as a separate section forming part of the
Integrated Annual Report.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
The Company has been publishing its Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report (BRSR), which encompass crucial
disclosures concerning Environmental, Social and Governance
practices and is aligned with the 9 principles of the National
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct. In line with SEBI
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated
July 12, 2023, the BRSR core KPI s have been reasonably assured
by TUV India Private Limited. The Company also publishes its
third party assured Sustainability Report in alignment with the
GRI standards. The annual Sustainability Report underscores
Company s commitment to transparency, accountability and
responsible business practices in tackling environmental and
social challenges while striving for a sustainable future. The
BRSR is hosted on the website of the Company on the link https://
www.iocl.com/business-responsibility-report.
Audit Committee
During the year, the Audit Committee comprised of 3 members,
all of whom were Independent Directors except for the period
November 24, 2024 to March 31, 2025 when the Audit Committee
had only 1 Independent Director. The Company could not comply
with the requirement of having atleast two-third members
as Independent Directors during the said period due to non-
availability of sufficient number of Independent Directors on the
Board. Being a Government Company under the administrative
control of the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MoP&NG),
the power to appoint Directors (including Independent Directors)
vests with the Government of India.
The
observations/recommendations
made
Audit
Committee during the year were put up to the Board and the same
were accepted by the Board. Other details of the Audit Committee,
such as its composition, terms of reference, meetings held, etc.,
are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
Other Board Committees
The details of other Board Committees, their composition and
meetings, are also provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
Code of Conduct
The Board of the Company has enunciated a Code of Conduct
for the Directors and Senior Management Personnel, which
was circulated to all concerned and was also hosted on the
Company s website. The Directors and Senior Management
Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct
for the year 2024-25.
Risk Management
Risk Management plays a vital role in the Company, serving as
a fundamental pillar of its strategic decision-making process.
The robust risk management framework in the Company not
only minimizes potential disruptions and financial losses but
also fosters a resilient and agile organisational ecosystem that
thrives in the face of uncertainty. With risk management as a
core component of the governance structure, the Company
demonstrated
unwavering
commitment
prudent
responsible business practices, driving sustainable growth and
long-term value creation. The Enterprise Risk Management
framework in the Company encompasses risk identification,
assessment and categorisation, analysis, mitigation and
monitoring of the strategic, operational, legal and compliance
risks which are managed through internally designed ERM portal.
The Company believes that effective risk management serves
as the compass guiding the organization towards sustainable
success, ensuring proactive identification, assessment and
mitigation of potential threats while unlocking new possibilities
for growth and innovation.
The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee
(RMC), which oversee risk management activities. In addition,
Risk Management Compliance Board (RMCB) comprising of
Senior Management Personnel and headed by Chief Risk Officer
has also been formed which periodically reviews the various risks
associated with the Company s business.
The changes in the Risk Register as suggested by RMCB are made
after approval of RMC. A report is put up to the Audit Committee
and the Board. The details of the Risk Management Committee
are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
Internal Financial Controls
The Company has put in place adequate internal financial controls
for ensuring efficient conduct of its business in adherence with
laid-down policies; safeguarding of its assets; prevention and
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

detection of frauds and errors; accuracy and completeness
of the accounting records; and timely preparation of reliable
financial information, which is commensurate with the operations
The Company has a separate Internal Audit department headed
by an Executive Director, who reports to the Chairman. The
Internal Audit department has a mix of officials from finance and
technical functions, who carry out extensive audit throughout
the year. The statutory auditors are also required to issue the
Independent Auditor s Report on the internal financial controls
over financial reporting of the Company under Clause (i) of Sub-
Section 3 of Section 143 of the Act. The report issued thereupon
has been attached along with the Standalone and Consolidated
Financial Statements, respectively.
The Board believes that the systems in place provide a reasonable
assurance that the Company s internal financial controls are
designed effectively and are operating as intended.
Statutory Auditors
The Office of the Comptroller & Auditor General of India had
appointed the Statutory Auditors for the financial year 2024-25.
The Auditors have confirmed that they are not disqualified from
being appointed as Auditors of the Company. The Auditors Report
does not contain any qualification or adverse remark. In addition,
the Company had also engaged them for Limited Review for the
financial year 2024-25.
The Auditors remuneration for the year was fixed at H3.12
Crore and H1.50 Crore for Statutory Audit and Limited review
respectively along with applicable taxes and reasonable out of
pocket expenses. In addition, fees were paid to Statutory Auditors
for other certification jobs. The total amount paid/payable to
the Statutory Auditors for all services rendered to the Company
during 2024-25 was H5.77 Crore.
Reporting of suspected instances of Fraud by Auditors
In line with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and
rules notified thereunder, the details of 2 instances wherein the
suspected fraud amount is less than H1 Crore are given below:
1)
Fraudulent medical bill claims amounting to H10.47 Lakhs
and certification of attendance using controlling officer s
credentials by an employee at Barauni Refinery.
2)
Fraudulent payment amounting to H99.23 Lakhs to
contractors for engineering work by an employee under
Karnataka State Office.
Further, in the following 5 instances wherein the suspected fraud
amount is above H1 Crore, the Statutory Auditors have reported
the instances to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs:
1)
Fraudulent payments amounting to H1.46 Crore to vendors/
contractors by circumventing the extant procedures by
some employees under Madhya Pradesh State Office.
2)
Pilferage of POL Products through tank trucks amounting
to H2.08 Crore by an employee in connivance with some TT
crew at a POL Depot under Uttar Pradesh State office - I.
3)
Non-booking of actual losses and manipulation of dips of
storage vessels to hide actual losses amounting to H3.98
Crore by some employees at LPG Bottling Plant under
Telangana & Andhra Pradesh State office.
4)
False reporting of filled cylinders stock leading to stock loss
amounting to H10 Crore by some employees at Malda LPG
Bottling Plant under West Bengal State Office.
5)
Excess booking of purging loss to hide stock loss position,
fictitious booking of transit losses and abnormally high
market return cylinders alongwith corresponding credit
amounting to H86 Crore by some employees at LPG Bottling
Plant under North East Integrated State office.
The instances were investigated and necessary action against
those involved was initiated. In some of the instances where the
investigation was completed, appropriate disciplinary action as
per the Company s rules has been taken and in the remaining
cases, investigation is ongoing.
Comptroller and Auditor General of India (C&AG) Audit
Supplementary Audit of Financial Statements: The Standalone
and Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial
Year ended March 31, 2025, were submitted to the C&AG for
supplementary audit. The C&AG has conducted supplementary
audit and issued NIL comment. The NIL comment certificate is
attached in this Annual Report after the Financial Statements.
This is the 19th consecutive year that your Company has received
such NIL comment on its Financial Statement.
C&AG paras from other audits: In addition to the supplementary
audit of the financial statements mentioned above, the C&AG
conducts audits of various nature including Performance audit,
Compliance audit, Thematic audit, Proprietary audit, etc. As on
March 31, 2025, there are twenty-one pending audit paras on
various subjects including Short realisation from Disposal of a land,
Abandoned Exploration & Production (E&P) Project, Maintenance
of grade-wise costing of Petrochemicals, Extra cost due to delay
in finalisation of tender, Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojna (PMUY) to
unentitled persons, Avoidable entry tax, Updation of daily price
change at Retail Outlets, Recovery of turnover tax, Expenditure
turning infructuous due to non-adherence to pollution clearance
requirement, Utilization of spectrum, Procurement from MSME,
Infructuous expenditure due to participation in a low hydrocarbon
and risky E&P block, Supply logistics of petroleum products and
Employee benefits like EPF contribution on leave encashment,
Encashment of earned leave and sick leave, Stagnation relief,
Performance related pay, Shift allowance, Project allowance, Long
service award, Conveyance running and maintenance expenses.
The replies to these paras have been submitted and the status
reports are also being furnished from time to time.
Statutory Reports

PARAMETERS
TARGETS
ACTUAL
TARGETS
ACTUAL
Total procurement from MSEs
(General, SC/ST & Women)
25%
42.19%
25%
42.64%
Procurement from SC/ST MSEs
4%
4.03%
4%
1.78%
Procurement from Women owned MSEs
3%
3.21%
3%
0.92%
Cost Audit
The Company maintains cost records as required under the
provisions of the Companies Act 2013. The Company had
appointed Cost Auditors for conducting the audit of the cost records
maintained by the Refineries, Lube Blending Plants and other units
for 2024-25. A remuneration of H24.50 Lakh and applicable taxes
was fixed by the Board for payment to the cost auditors for 2024-25,
which was ratified by the members in the last AGM. The cost audit
reports were filed by the Central Cost Auditor with the Central
Government in the prescribed form within the stipulated time.
Secretarial Audit
The Board had appointed M/s Dholakia & Associates LLP,
Practicing Company Secretaries, to conduct the Secretarial
Audit for 2024-25. The Secretarial Auditor in its report has stated
that during the period under review, the Company has complied
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
Standards, etc., except as under:

N
Composition of the Board of Directors with regard to
at least 50% Non-Executive Directors during the period
24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025.

N
Composition of the Board of Directors with regard to at least
50% Independent Directors during the period 01.04.2024
to 07.05.2024, 11.05.2024 to 31.08.2024 and from
13.11.2024 to 31.03.2025.

N
Having at least one Woman Independent Director
of sector-specific features and functionalities. This coordination
ensures that the evolving procurement needs of Oil & Gas PSUs
are adequately addressed within the GeM ecosystem.
The scale of engagement with GeM is reflected in the procurement
spend, which surged to H11,009 Crore in 2024-25 accounting for
40.34% of the total procurement of goods and services during
the year. Your Company ranked as the Numero Uno PSU among
Oil and Gas entities for GeM procurement, underscoring the
Company s rapid and effective digital procurement adoption.
Several initiatives were undertaken to identify the entrepreneurs for procurement of goods and services from MSEs owned by SC/ST
and women enterprises, including 128 vendor development programmes.
The Company makes payments to MSE vendors within timelines prescribed under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME)
Development Act 2006 and there are no bills pending or paid beyond the timelines during the year.

N
Composition of the Audit Committee during the period
24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025.

N
Composition of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee
during the period 24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025.

N
No separate meeting of the Independent Directors
In this regard, IT is clarified that the Company being a Government
Company under the administrative control of the MoP&NG, the
selection, appointment of Directors, (including Independent
Director and Women Director) terms and conditions and
remuneration of Functional Directors, vests with the Government
of India as per Government guidelines. Further, the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs, vide notification dated June 5, 2015, has
provided exemption to Government Companies, regarding the
provisions related to evaluation of performance of Directors
under the Companies Act, 2013, as the evaluation is carried out
by the administrative ministry.
The Secretarial Audit report for the year ended March 31, 2025,
issued by M/s Dholakia & Associates LLP, Practicing Company
Secretaries, is attached as Annexure-III to this report.
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises (MSEs) Order 2012
In line with the Public Procurement Policy of the Government of
India, as amended, the Company is required to procure minimum
25% of the total procurement of Goods and Services from MSEs,
out of which 4% is earmarked for procurement from MSEs owned
by SC/ST entrepreneurs and 3% from MSEs owned by women.
The procurement from MSEs (excluding crude oil, petroleum products & natural gas, API line pipes, proprietary items and single line
items of value greater than H50 Crore) during the year was as under:
Procurement from Government e-Marketplace (GeM)
Your Company has demonstrated commendable agility and
foresight in adopting the Government e-Marketplace (GeM)
highlighting the Company s strategic commitment to digital
transformation in public procurement.
Designated as the Nodal Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) for
the Oil & Gas sector, your Company has been entrusted with
the critical role of liaising with GeM to facilitate the onboarding
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures & Associates
In July 2024, a 50:50 Joint Venture Company named Indofast
Swap Energy Pvt. Ltd. with Sun Mobility, Singapore was
incorporated to carry on the business of battery as a service
(BAAS) for small format electric vehicles in India using equipment
such as batteries, charging stations etc.
The Company has 11 Subsidiaries and 30 Joint Venture/
Associate Companies. Brief details of their business are provided
in the Integrated Annual Report. As required under the provisions
of the Act, a statement on the performance and financial
position of each of the subsidiaries, joint venture companies and
associates is annexed to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries have also been
hosted on the Company website www.iocl.com under the Annual
Report section.
In accordance with the provisions of SEBI guidelines, your
Company has framed a policy for determining material
subsidiaries, which can be accessed on the Company s website at
https://www.iocl.com/download/Material_Subsidiary_Policy.pdf.
Related Party Transactions (RPTs)
In line with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 & SEBI
(LODR) as amended from time to time, a policy on material RPTs
has been framed, which can be accessed at https://www.iocl.
com/download/Policies/RPT_Policy.pdf.
During the year, the Company had entered into transactions with
related parties, which could be considered material in accordance
with the policy of the Company on materiality of related party
transactions. The Company has obtained the approval of Audit
Committee as well as members for such material RPTs as per the
provisions of the SEBI (LODR).
The disclosures related to RPTs in accordance with applicable
accounting standards are provided at Note-37 of the Standalone
Financial Statement.
The details of contracts or arrangements (which were not on
arms length basis) with related parties referred to under Section
188 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 in the prescribed Form AOC-2
are attached at Annexure-IV of the report.
Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption and
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
Your Company continues to accord top priority to energy
conservation across all its operations. The performance of each
unit is closely monitored on a continual basis, with a focus on
driving improvements through adoption of advanced technologies
and alignment with the best international practices. During the
year, a range of energy efficiency initiatives were implemented
across the Company s refineries, resulting in significant energy
savings and corresponding financial benefits.
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
and rules notified thereunder, the details relating to Energy
Conservation, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange
Earnings and Outgo are annexed as Annexure - V to the Report.
Board of Directors & Key Managerial Personnel
The following changes occurred in the Board/Key Managerial
Personnel of the Company
1.
Shri S. M. Vaidya ceased to be Chairman w.e.f. September
01, 2024 consequent upon completion of his tenure.
2.
Shri Sujoy Choudhury ceased to be Director (Planning
& Business Development) w.e.f. September 01, 2024
consequent upon his superannuation.
3.
Shri A. S. Sahney was appointed as Chairman w.e.f.
November 13, 2024
Signing of Audited Accounts in the Presence of Chairman, IndianOil, Mr A S Sahney and Director Finance, Mr Anuj Jain
Statutory Reports

4.
Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung, Dr (Prof) Ashutosh Pant,
Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker, Shri Prasenjit Biswas, Shri
Sudipta Kumar Ray and Shri Krishnan Sadagopan, ceased
to be Independent Directors w.e.f. November 24, 2024
consequent upon completion of their tenure.
5.
Shri Suman Kumar was appointed as Director (Planning &
Business Development) w.e.f. February 26, 2025.
6.
Shri Prasenjit Biswas, Shri Krishnan Sadagopan and Dr
Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker were reappointed as Independent
Director on the Board w.e.f. March 28, 2025.
7.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh ceased to be Independent
Director
w.e.f.
April
8,
consequent
upon
completion of his tenure.
8.
Ms
Esha
Srivastava,
Joint
Secretary
(International
Cooperation), MoP&NG was appointed as a Government
Nominee Director w.e.f. June 20, 2025
9.
Shri N. Senthil Kumar ceased to be Director (Pipelines) w.e.f.
July 01, 2025 consequent upon his superannuation.
10. Shri V. Satish Kumar ceased to be the Director (Marketing)
w.e.f. August 1, 2025 consequent upon his superannuation.
Shri Anuj Jain, Director (Finance) and Dr Alok Sharma, Director
(Research & Development) are liable to retire by rotation and
being eligible are proposed to be reappointed at the forthcoming
Annual General Meeting (AGM). Their brief profile is provided in
the notice of the AGM.
Independent Directors
The Company has received the Certificate of Independence from
the Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria
prescribed for Independent Directors under the provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR). The Independent
Directors have confirmed that they are registered with the
database maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs
(IICA) under the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
The Company being a Government Company, the power to
appoint Directors (including Independent Directors) vests with
the Government of India. The Directors are appointed by following
a process as per laid down guidelines. In the opinion of the
Board, the Independent Directors possess the desired expertise,
experience and integrity.
A separate meeting of Independent Directors was not held
Board Meetings
During the year, 11 meetings of the Board of Directors were
held. The details of the meetings attended by each Director are
provided in the Corporate Governance Report and, hence, not
repeated to avoid duplication.
Board Evaluation
The provisions of Section 134(3)(p) of the Companies Act, 2013,
require a listed entity to include a statement indicating the manner
of formal evaluation of performance of the Board, its Committees
and of individual Directors. However, the said provisions are
exempt for Government Companies as the performance
evaluation of the Directors is carried out by the administrative
ministry, i.e., MoP&NG, as per laid-down evaluation methodology.
Significant and Material Orders Passed by the
Regulators or Courts
No significant and material orders were passed by the regulators
or courts or tribunals, during the year that impact the going
concern status of the Company and its operations in the future.
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle-Blower Policy
The Company promotes ethical behaviour in all its business
activities and has put in place a mechanism for reporting illegal
or unethical behaviour. The Company has established a robust
Vigil Mechanism and a whistle-blower policy in accordance with
provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. Under the whistle-
blower policy, employees are free to report any improper activity
resulting in violation of laws, rules, regulations, or code of conduct
by any of the employees to the Competent Authority or Chairman
of the Audit Committee, as the case may be. Any complaint
received is reviewed by the Competent Authority or Chairman
of the Audit Committee as the case may be. No employee has
been denied access to the Audit Committee. The policy on Vigil
Mechanism/Whistle-Blower can be accessed on the Company s
website at https://www.iocl.com/InvestorCenter/pdf/Whistle_
Blower_policy.pdf.
Details of Loans/Investments/Guarantees
The Company has provided loans/guarantees to its subsidiaries,
joint ventures and associates and made investments during
the year in compliance with the provisions of the Act and rules
notified thereunder. The details of such investments made and
loans/guarantees provided as on March 31, 2025 are provided in
Note No. 4, 36, 37 and 42 of the Standalone Financial Statement.
Annual Return
As required under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,
the draft Annual Return for the year 2024-25 is hosted on
the Company s website and can be accessed from the link
https://www.iocl.com/annual-return.
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
The Company complies with the applicable Secretarial Standards
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI).
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
(A S Sahney)
Place: New Delhi
Chairman
Date: August 6, 2025
DIN: 10652030
Credit Rating of Securities
The credit rating assigned by rating agencies for the various
debt instruments of the Company is provided in the Corporate
Governance Report. As required under SEBI (LODR), the
Audit Committee had a meeting with Credit Rating Agencies
in March 2025.
Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF)
The details of unpaid/unclaimed dividend and shares transferred
to the IEPF in compliance with the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013, are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
Material changes affecting the Company
There have been no material changes and commitments,
affecting the financial position of the Company between the end
of the financial year and date of this report. There has been no
change in the nature of the business of the Company.
Details of application made or any proceeding pending
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31
of 2016) during the year along with their status as at
the end of the financial year
No applications were made during the financial year and no
proceedings are pending against the Company under the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016.
Details of the difference between the amount of the
valuation done at the time of one-time settlement and
the valuation done while taking a loan from the banks
or financial institutions along with the reasons thereof
There were no instances of one-time settlement during the
financial year.
Directors Responsibility Statement
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013
pertaining to the Directors Responsibility Statement, IT is hereby
confirmed that:
in the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable
accounting standards had been followed alongwith proper
explanation relating to material departures;
the Directors had selected such accounting policies and
applied them consistently and made judgements and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at
the end of the financial year and of the profit and loss of the
Company for that period;
the Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for
the maintenance of adequate accounting records in
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
the Directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going
concern basis;
the Directors had laid down internal financial controls to be
followed by the Company and that such internal financial
controls are adequate and were operating effectively;
the Directors had devised proper systems to ensure
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and
that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
Acknowledgements
The Board of Directors conveys its profound appreciation for
the sincere, dedicated and tireless efforts of the employees of
the Company, the contract workforce and channel partners,
whose collective endeavours have ensured the uninterrupted
supply of petroleum products across the country. The Board
also extends its sincere gratitude to the Government of India,
particularly the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MoP&NG),
as well as various State Governments, regulatory and statutory
authorities for their continued support and guidance. The Board
acknowledges with deep appreciation the invaluable support
received from all stakeholders, including bankers, investors,
members,
customers,
consultants,
Technology
licensors,
contractors, vendors and others who have contributed to the
Company s growth and operations. Further, the Board places
on record its highest appreciation for the distinguished service,
valuable guidance and significant contributions rendered by
Shri S. M. Vaidya, Shri Sujoy Choudhury, Shri Dilip G. Lalung,
Dr (Prof) Ashutosh Pant, Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray, Dr (Prof) Ram
Naresh Singh, Shri N. Senthil Kumar and Shri V. Satish Kumar
during their tenure as Members of the Board.
Statutory Reports

Annexure - I
SC/ST/OBC Report - I
Annual Statement showing the representation of SCs, STs and OBCs as on 1st January 2025 and number of appointments
made during the preceding calendar year
SC/ST/OBC Report - II
Annual Statement showing the representation of SCs, STs and OBCs in various group A services as on 1st January 2025 and
number of appointments made in the service in various grades in the preceding calendar year
Groups
Representation of SCs/STs/OBCs
(As on 01.01.2025)
Number of appointments made during the calendar year 2024
By Direct Recruitment
By Promotion
By Deputation/
Absorption
Total No. of
Employees
SCs
STs
OBCs
Total
SCs
STs
OBCs
Total
SCs
STs
Total
SCs
STs
Executives
A
18900
Non-executives
B
D (Excluding Sweeper)
D (Sweeper)
Total (Executives plus
Non-executives)
29870
2372 8461
Representation of SCs/STs/OBCs
(As on 01.01.2025)
Number of appointments made during the calendar year 2024
By Direct Recruitment
By Promotion
By Deputation/
Absorption
Pay Scale
(in J)
Total No. of
Employees
SCs
STs
OBCs
Total
SCs
STs
OBCs
Total
SCs
STs
Total
SCs
STs
40000 - 140000
50000 -160000
60000 - 180000
70000 - 200000
80000 - 220000
90000 - 240000
100000 - 260000
120000 - 280000
150000 - 300000
Grand Total
18900
Name of the Public Enterprises : Indian Oil Corporation Limited
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

MORE POWER
MORE SPEED
MORE MILES
MORE POWER
MORE SPEED
MORE MILES
GET READY FOR
WITH
OCTANE 95
OCTANE 95
*Certified by the accredited laboratories
FASTER ACCELERATION
SMOOTHER DRIVES
REDUCED EMISSIONS
/IndianOilCorpLimited
/indianoilcorp
/IndianOilcl
/indian-oil-corp-limited
iocl.com | Follow us on:
/@indianoilcorporationlimite2332

Annexure - II
Highlights of CSR Activities
IndianOil has formulated its Sustainability & Corporate Social
Responsibility (S&CSR) Policy & Guidelines (last amended in
2021) as well as S&CSR Vision, which aims to contribute to
sustainable national growth by improving community well-being,
optimising environmental impact and promoting inclusive societal
development through ethical and responsible practices. IndianOil
undertakes its CSR activities as per the Companies Act 2013,
CSR rules 2014, Schedule VII to Companies Act, DPE guidelines
and amendments thereof from time to time. The CSR initiatives
are implemented across various thrust areas viz., healthcare,
nutrition, sanitation, safe drinking water, education, skill
development, rural development, environmental sustainability,
art & culture, empowerment of women etc. The primary objective
of IndianOil s CSR activities is to enhance the quality of life,
particularly the marginalised and underprivileged communities.
IndianOil has consistently demonstrated its commitment towards
CSR by achieving 100% utilisation of its CSR budget for the 8th
consecutive year, creating a positive impact on stakeholders
across the country through a wide range of activities.
During 2024-25, IndianOil undertook more than 850 projects
under CSR across various thrust areas, incurring a total
expenditure of H583.03 Crore. Further, in line with DPE guidelines,
H365.20 Crore (i.e., 63% of the total CSR expenditure) was spent
on the thematic areas of Health and Nutrition & PM Internship
Scheme . Demonstrating its commitment to the development of
Aspirational Districts identified by NITI Aayog, IndianOil spent
H61.19 Crore across 53 such districts during the year.
KEY CSR INITIATIVES DURING 2024-25
During 2024-25, emphasis was on initiatives under Health
& Nutrition and PM Internship Scheme . The highlights of
innovative and impactful CSR activities undertaken during the
year are as under:
TB Elimination Program
National TB Elimination Program (NTEP) in India, a key initiative
under National Health Mission (NHM), aims to eliminate
tuberculosis by 2025, five years ahead of the global target
of 2030. The program focuses on early diagnosis, prompt
treatment, active case finding, airborne infection control and a
multi-sectoral approach to address social determinants of TB. A
host of community engagement efforts have resulted in a decline
of 16% in TB incidents and 18% reduction in mortality rate due to
TB, since 2015.
Since 2022-23, IndianOil, in collaboration with the Ministry of
Health and Family Welfare (MoH&FW), Central TB Division (CTD)
and State Health Departments of Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh,
Maharashtra, Uttarakhand, Haryana, Tamil Nadu, Madhya Pradesh
and Rajasthan, has been actively working towards TB elimination
by bridging testing gaps and enhancing access to early diagnosis.
During 2024-25, IndianOil provided 249 molecular diagnostic
machines in the States of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat
& Bihar. As a part of TB Elimination Program, IndianOil also made
provision for 102 handheld X-ray machines in the States of Madhya
Pradesh and Rajasthan. In 2024-25, IndianOil spent H52.13 Crore
towards this initiative. Till March 2025, IndianOil has provided 688
molecular diagnostic machines & 124 handheld X-ray machines
across various States and contributed H124.95 Crore toward TB
Elimination Program. More than 10 Lakh beneficiaries have been
screened through these machines resulting in identification of
about 60,000 positive cases.
In addition, under Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan
(PMTBMBA) and Ni-kshay Mitra initiative, aiming for effective
community engagement in the fight against TB, IndianOil has
provided nutrition kits across various States, benefiting more
than 21,000 TB patients.
Comprehensive Cancer Care
Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has released a report
in 2024-25, outlining a significant rise in cancer incidents &
mortality in India and projecting a sharp increase by 2045. The
data analysed by ICMR, indicates that nearly 65% of cancer
patients in India succumb to the disease post-diagnosis. The
report also highlights that India is a major contributor to the
global cancer burden.
During last few years, IndianOil has partnered with several leading
institutions viz., Tata Medical Center, Tata Memorial Center, Tata
Trusts, Sir Ganga Ram Hospital etc., providing infrastructure &
equipment support and has contributed H216.16 Crore towards
its cancer care initiative till March 2025.
In 2024-25, IndianOil strengthened cancer care infrastructure
by providing equipment viz., LINAC machine, PET-CT machine,
Brachytherapy equipment and Radiotherapy CT Planning Scanner
etc., worth H53.15 Crore at various hospitals across the country.
Some of the major hospitals where IndianOil provided cancer
care equipment are listed below:
Handing Over of TB Equipment to District Hospital, Begusarai, Bihar
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

N
Tata Medical Centre, Kolkata, West Bengal

N
Mahamana Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre,
Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh

N
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Muzaffarpur, Bihar

N
Dr B Barooah Cancer Institute, Guwahati, Assam

N
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Visakhapatnam, Andhra
Pradesh
These cancer care initiatives of IndianOil are likely to benefit more
than 1 Lakh beneficiaries every year.
Project
Chandana
Sickle
Cell
Anemia
(SCA)
Eradication for Tribals
Sickle Cell Disease is an inherited red blood cell disorder, which
leads to complications viz., pain, anemia, increased risk of
infections, stroke, etc. The Hon ble PM of India launched the
National Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission in July- 2023 with
the aim to eliminate sickle cell disease from India by 2047.
Inauguration of Radiotherapy Machine (LINAC) at Mahamana Pandit Madan
Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre (MPMMMCC), Varanasi
Radiotherapy Machine (LINAC) Provided to (MPMMMCC), Varanasi
MoU Exchange Between IndianOil, Government of Karnataka & IISc Bengaluru
for Project Chandana
SCA Screening of Tribal Population Under Progress in Mysuru, Karnataka Under
Project Chandana
Initially, the mission focused on individuals aged 0-18, with plans
to incrementally include those up to 40 years of age. The aim is
to screen approximately 7 Crore people over a 3-year period and
prioritize tribal and high-prevalence states/UTs in its initial stages,
with a plan to expand to all States/UTs in a phased manner.
Aligning with the mission, IndianOil, in collaboration with the
Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru and the Government
of Karnataka, undertook Project Chandana (Comprehensive
Healthcare for Anemic and Sickle-Cell Diseased Adivasis in
Karnataka), under which a breakthrough innovative point-of-care
testing device developed by IISc Bengaluru has been deployed
at various Government health facilities viz., Primary Health
Centers/Community Health Centers, in tribal areas, which offers
a quick, cost-effective and efficient method for SCA screening &
testing. The project aims for screening and testing of around 2.56
Lakh tribal population in 3 districts (Mysuru, Chamarajanagar
& Kodagu) of Karnataka and awareness/IEC activities, genetic
counselling, treatment & medication etc., for a period of 2 years
starting from 2024-25. Till March 2025, more than 1.95 Lakh
tests have been conducted resulting in more than 9,900 positive
cases of sickle cell disease. For this innovative project, IndianOil
contributed H11.35 Crore during 2024-25
Statutory Reports

Renal Care Service through Dialysis Machine
There is an alarming increase in the incidents of Chronic Kidney
Disease (CKD) cases in India with about 2.2 Lakh new cases
every year. To address this growing threat, MoH&FW (Govt. of
India), launched Pradhan Mantri National Dialysis Program
(PMNDP) in 2016 under the National Health Mission (NHM) to
make renal care services accessible & affordable to the poor
through establishment of dialysis centers in every district of India.
The program is spread over 36 States, 749 districts and 1674
centers with a provision of 11,757 hemodialysis machines. Nearly
27.86 Lakh patients have availed dialysis services over a period of
8 years since the launch of the program.
In 2024-25, to support PMNDP and further enhance access
to renal care, IndianOil, in collaboration with State Health
Departments of 8 States (7 Northeast States & Chhattisgarh),
provided 148 hemodialysis machines with a contribution of H8.93
Crore at various Government dialysis centers. This initiative is
expected to impact more than 50,000 dialysis patients annually.
Project Cheetah: Cheetah introduction project at Kuno
National Park
Cheetahs went extinct in India in 1952 due to excessive
exploitation. Under the Species Recovery Program of the
Government of India, the Ministry of Environment, Forests and
Climate Change (MoEF&CC) selected Kuno National Park (KNP),
Madhya Pradesh, as the first site for the Cheetah Introduction
Project to restore the species in their historic habitat.
In 2022-23, IndianOil became the first corporate partner with the
National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) for this initiative.
As part of the project, 20 cheetahs were brought from Namibia
and South Africa to Kuno National Park. At present, 31 cheetahs,
including 12 adults and 19 cubs are thriving in the habitat and
NTCA plans to introduce more cheetahs from Africa over the
next 3-4 years. Out of the total committed amount of H50.22
Crore, IndianOil has contributed H34.00 Crore for the project
till March 2025.
IndianOil Shakti
IndianOil Shakti , launched in 2024-25, with a vision to nurture
young female athletic talent in India, is a flagship initiative of
IndianOil. The project is being implemented in collaboration with
the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF) to support 30
under-23 female athletes competing in middle and long-distance
track events. The primary objective of the initiative is to enhance
the athletes performance and increase their prospects of
winning medals at both national and international levels. NSDF is
Newborn Cubs of a Female Cheetah Brought From the African Continent are
Thriving in Kuno National Park
IndianOil Shakti Athletes During a Training Session at SAI Centre of
Excellence, Bengaluru
MoU Signing Between IndianOil and Health Departments of Northeast States
for Provision of HD Machines in Government Dialysis Centers
executing the project through Sports Authority of India (SAI) at its
Centre of Excellence in Bengaluru. Under the initiative, IndianOil
contributed H1.34 Crore towards comprehensive training support.
As of March 2025, 22 women athletes are undergoing intensive
training at the SAI Centre, Bengaluru. IndianOil Shakti athletes,
Ms Ankita Dhyani represented India at the Paris 2024 Olympics;
Ms Vineeta Gujar, Ms Prachi Devkar and Ms Seema brought
laurels at National and International athletic events
IndianOil Shakti Athlete, Ms Ankita Dhyani, Olympian 2024
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

PM Internship Scheme
In the Union Budget 2024-25, the Hon ble Finance Minister
announced, PM Internship Scheme , aimed at providing internship
opportunities to one Crore youth (aged 21-24 years) over five
years in the top 500 companies identified by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs. The scheme follows a Direct Benefit Transfer
(DBT) model, where each intern receives H5,000 per month for 12
months (H500 from corporate CSR funds and balance from the
Government). Additionally, the Government provides a one-time
grant of H6,000 upon the intern s joining at the internship location.
Training expenses are covered by Corporates through their CSR
funds. Under the scheme, IndianOil enrolled 421 interns across its
various locations during 2024-25.
IndianOil Acers
IndianOil Acers , IndianOil s Sports Scholarship Scheme,
supports and nurtures the sporting talent in 20 games/sports
(Olympic sports & other popular games, such as Hockey, Archery,
table tennis, Carrom, Chess, etc.) in India. Under this scheme,
promising sports talents are identified and provided with financial
assistance to help them achieve their full potential. During 2024-
25, 212 sportspersons benefitted from the scheme, out of which
105 were female sportspersons. Since inception, more than 1000
budding sportspersons have benefited from this scheme. The
Prime Minister Internship Scheme Announced in Union Budget 2024-25
IndianOil Acers: Ms Kanika, Ms Sakshi and Ms Manisha as Part of Winning
Indian Hockey Team at Junior Asia Cup 2024
sports scholars have brought numerous accolades to the Nation
throughout the year. Two IndianOil Acers, Ms Raiza Dhillon and Ms
Esha Singh (Shooting) represented India at Paris Olympics 2024,
while more than 25 IndianOil Acers brought medals at various
prominent national and international sporting events in 2024-25.
IndianOil Acers Shine with Medal-Winning Feats (clockwise from top left):
Ms Esha Singh (Shooting), Ms Raiza Dhillon (Shooting), Mr Aneesh Gowda
(Swimmer), Ms Parneet Kaur (Archery).
Swarna Jayanti Samudayik Hospital, Mathura
Swarna Jayanti Samudayik Hospital (SJSH), Mathura, Uttar
Pradesh, symbolizes IndianOil s commitment to provide quality
healthcare services to the local community. Established in 1999,
this 50-bed facility (5 beds reserved for patients Below Poverty
Line) provides comprehensive medical care for the residents of
Mathura and its surrounding areas. Free/Subsidized medical
facilities are provided to patients coming here for consultation
and treatment. IT has well equipped operation theatre, advanced
diagnostic lab, an ICU and specialised departments for various
medical needs. SJSH also conducts health camps and awareness
programs in nearby villages. Every year, on an average, more than
50,000 patients benefit from this hospital. In 2024-25, an amount
of H6.61 Crore was spent towards operation and maintenance
of the hospital.
Swarn Jayanti Samudayik Hospital (SJSH), Mathura
Statutory Reports

IndianOil s Assam Oil College of Nursing, Digboi, Assam
Assam Oil Division (AOD) Hospital, Digboi
Assam Oil Division (AOD) Hospital, Digboi, Assam, established in
1906, is a 200-bed tertiary care hospital, that has developed into
a modern multi-specialty hospital. IT provides medical services to
people in the remote northeastern region of India. The hospital has
several specialties viz., Medicine, Surgery, Orthopedics, Obstetrics
& Gynecology, Pediatrics, Ophthalmology, ENT, Pathology,
Radiology, etc. IT also houses the first Burn Unit in Northeast
India, equipped with modern equipment and trained staff.
Beyond its core medical services, AOD Hospital actively conducts
community health camps and outreach programs to promote
public health and awareness amongst villagers in nearby areas,
who lack access to regular medical care. Treating over 6,500
patients annually on an average, the hospital continues its strong
legacy of delivering quality healthcare in Northeast India. In 2024-
25, an amount of H6.92 Crore was spent towards operation &
maintenance of the hospital.
Assam Oil College of Nursing (AOCN)
Assam Oil College of Nursing (AOCN), Digboi, Assam, was
established in 1986, in response to the pressing need for
healthcare services in the northeast region. AOSN offers a
comprehensive 3-year diploma program in General Nursing
& Midwifery (GNM) and a 4-year B.Sc. (Nursing) course. With
an annual intake of 30 students, GNM program equips young
women with the necessary skills and knowledge for a career in
nursing. Since 2014, the institution has expanded its offerings to
include B.Sc. (Nursing) course with annual intake of 30 female
IndianOil Nutri-Gardens
IndianOil is developing Nutri gardens in 50 Government schools
and supporting community engagement through training
sessions, awareness activities and field demonstrations for 3,750
households in rural areas of Dhule (Maharashtra), Begusarai
(Bihar) and Jaipur (Rajasthan). In addition, 6 Vermicomposting
units have been established under the project, to feed Nutri-
gardens. The project will promote consumption of fresh
vegetables, introduce healthy eating/diverse dietary habits.
The project will enhance nutrition security in rural areas and
complement the mid-day meal scheme.
Training in Progress at IndianOil s Assam Oil College of Nursing, Digboi, Assam
Beneficiaries Getting Fresh Vegetables from the Nutrigarden Developed
by IndianOil
students. AOSN's impact is evident in its impressive track record.
During 2024-25, 30 girl students each in GNM and B.Sc. (Nursing)
program have benefited from the initiative. Since its inception,
with 581 graduates from the GNM program and 202 graduates
from the B.Sc. (Nursing) course, AOSN has achieved a remarkable
100% placement record. In 2024-25, an amount of H3.63 Crore
was spent by IndianOil towards this initiative.
Skill Development Institute, Bhubaneswar
Skill Development Institute, Bhubaneswar (SDI-B) was set
up on 9th May 2016 in Bhubaneswar, with an aim to provide
livelihood enhancing skill development training to unemployed &
underprivileged youth and to provide skilled human resources to
the industry. SDI-B main campus (Bhubaneswar) was inaugurated
by the Hon ble Minister of Petroleum & Natural Gas & Steel on
February 24, 2019.
The multi skilling institute offers world-class skill development
courses, supported by industry experts and prepares youth to
pursue careers as Industrial Electrician, Pipe Fitter (City Gas
Distribution), Welder, HVAC Technician, Fitter Fabricator, Solar PV
Installer, Digital Photographer, Industrial Robotics Technician, CNC
Programmer, etc. The course duration ranges from 3 to 6 months.
Various Centers of Excellence (CoE) have been established in
collaboration with internationally reputed institutions/industry
partners viz., Schneider, Tata Strive, NTTF, Siemens, LIXIL etc.
During 2024-25, 1395 beneficiaries including 226 females were
trained in regular courses. Since inception, 10547 beneficiaries
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

have been trained at SDI-B, with women comprising 25% of
the total. In 2024-25, an amount of H15.32 Crore was spent by
IndianOil towards this initiative.
Course Training in Progress at Skill Development Institute, Bhubaneswar
Project Badhte Kadam: Treatment & rehabilitation of
disability from clubfoot
Clubfoot, or Congenital Talipes Equinovarus (CTEV), is a birth
deformity, that causes one or both feet to twist downward
and inward, making walking difficult or impossible. IndianOil
is supporting the treatment and rehabilitation of 1,500
children with clubfoot in Assam, Odisha and Delhi NCR.
The initiative involves identifying and enrolling children for
treatment and providing assistive devices at designated clubfoot
clinics in public healthcare institutions. Additionally, the project
focuses on training healthcare professionals, appointing
dedicated
counsellors,
conducting
monthly
awareness
campaigns and engaging with local communities to improve
access to care and support.
Candidates Secured Employment in Various Companies after Completing their
Training, Including (Clockwise from Top Left): Vivek Kumar at One Point One,
Robin at Flipkart, Vikas Mishra at One Point One and Ankit Kumar Jha at Startek
Skill Development Program for PwDs
IndianOil has facilitated skill training for 70 Persons with
Disabilities (PwDs) in collaboration with Skill Council for Persons
with Disability (SCPwD), New Delhi. The 12-week training program,
conducted at SCPwD-affiliated Training Centre in Gurugram,
equipped 20 candidates with Locomotor Disabilities and 50 with
Speech & Hearing Impairments with job-specific skills for roles
such as Retail Sales Associate and Retail Outlet Attendant.
In addition to domain training, participants received 60 hours of
employability skills orientation and hands-on experience at IndianOil
retail outlets. The training followed National Council for Vocational
Education and Training (NCVET)-approved qualification packs,
ensuring industry-aligned skill development. Upon successful
completion, the candidates secured employment with reputable
organisations viz., Adecco, Echoes Café, Flipkart Warehouse, Max
Retail, One Point One Solution, Startek and Reliance Fresh
A Child with Clubfoot Receiving Treatment Under Project: Badhte Kadam at St.
Stephens Hospital, New Delhi
Before and After Pictures of Prem Sarovar, One of the Sacred Kunds in Mathura,
Rejuvenated Under IndianOil s CSR Initiative
Eco-Rejuvenation of 5 Holy Kunds
Statutory Reports

redevelopment of Namo Ghat has transformed IT into the longest
and most accessible ghat in the city. Key heritage locations viz.,
Se Cathedral Church, Basilica of Bom Jesus, Fort Aguada and
Mahadev Temple in Goa have also been developed by IndianOil.
Further, IndianOil has contributed to the revitalization of several
monuments, including Golconda Fort and Charminar in Hyderabad,
through installation of facade lighting, multimedia shows and
solar-powered solutions. Similarly, facade illumination at the Group
of Temples in Pattadakal, Warangal Fort, Lucknow Residency
and various monuments in Bundi have enhanced their night-time
appeal and supported cultural preservation. These initiatives
attract around 20,000 visitors to the heritage sites each day.
Façade Illumination of Warangal Fort & Lucknow Residency Developed
by IndianOil
Modernization of Anganwadi Centers and Health
Intervention for Adolescent Girls
As part of its commitment to health, child welfare and inclusive
growth, IndianOil undertook a transformative initiative in Palnadu
District, Andhra Pradesh, by supporting the modernization of
116. Anganwadi Centers and distributing Hemoglobin Progress
Cards to over 10,000 adolescent girls aged 10-19 years.
The Anganwadi Centers were equipped with essential early
childhood infrastructure such as mats, child-friendly chairs, kiddy
trampolines, scooters, unicorn toy sets, glove puppets, parachutes
and reading stands - benefiting nearly 3,700 children aged 2.5 to 5
years. The Hemoglobin Progress Cards will help regularly tracking
anemia levels among adolescent girls, a key health indicator that
affects their physical development, academic performance and
long-term reproductive health.
Breaking Barriers: Socio-Economic Inclusion of 100
Transgender Individuals
IndianOil has supported the socio-economic upliftment of 100
transgender individuals through On-the-Job Training (OJT) and
Microenterprise Development in selected areas of Delhi. The
core component of the project involved comprehensive training,
where selected participants acquired practical and employable
skills in trades such as candle making and beauty parlor services
chosen for their market relevance and potential to enhance
livelihood opportunities. 20 trained beneficiaries got employment
at a New Delhi-based company. Several other participants have
gained confidence to launch their own micro-enterprises or offer
freelance services, paving the way for financial independence.
Theatre Workshops for Slum Children through NSD
During 2024-25, IndianOil collaborated with the National School
of Drama (NSD), under the Ministry of Culture, Government of
India, to implement a project in the field of art and culture. The
initiative involved organizing theatre workshops for children in
slum areas of Delhi NCR, followed by a two-day theatre festival
at NSD, New Delhi. The project aimed to support development
of social, communication and self-management skills among
children from underprivileged backgrounds. As part of the
initiative, NSD graduates and theatre professionals conducted
8 workshops across various slum areas in Delhi-NCR, engaging
274 children aged 8 to 15 years over a period of 30 days.
Distribution of Play Items to Anganwadi Centers and Hemoglobin Cards to
Adolescent Girls in Palnadu, Andhra Pradesh
IndianOil has undertaken rejuvenation of five historically significant
water bodies - Pawan Sarovar, Prem Sarovar, Vivhal Kund, Krishna
Kund and Jal Vihar Kund - located in Barsana, Nandgaon and
Vrindavan area of the Braj region, Mathura. These kunds, deeply
rooted in the spiritual and cultural fabric of India, are currently in a
critical state due to severe pollution. Contamination from adjacent
water bodies, zero dissolved oxygen levels, high Chemical Oxygen
Demand (COD) and Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) and
elevated Total Dissolved Solids (TDS), sulphates and chlorides
have severely compromised their ecological balance. The
revival of these kunds is not just an environmental imperative
but a cultural and spiritual necessity. Rejuvenation will involve
controlling nutrient inflow from the catchment and effectively
removing or degrading existing pollutants. Restoring these sacred
water bodies will help revive biodiversity and preserve heritage
sites, that hold immense religious significance for millions of
devotees. IndianOil has planned a contribution of H11.20 Crore for
the project over a period of 3 years, starting from 2024-25.
IndianOil Foundation (IOF) Projects
IndianOil has played an important role in preserving and enhancing
cultural and historical landmarks across India. Through IndianOil
Foundation (IOF), IndianOil has been actively promoting Indian art
and culture while developing tourist-friendly infrastructure at sites
of archaeological importance. In Varanasi, the renovation and
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Annual Report on CSR Activities for the Financial Year 2024-25
1.
A brief outline of the Company's CSR policy

IndianOil s Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility (S&CSR) Policy is rooted in the vision of delivering energy solutions
in an efficient, safe, ethical and environmentally responsible manner. The company aims to enhance community well-being while
ensuring sustainable business growth. Its mission aligns with creating value for stakeholders, incorporating environmental and
social considerations in decision-making and upholding transparency, ethical practices and innovation to support the Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs)
2.
Composition of the CSR & Sustainable Development Committee
Name of Director
Designation/Nature of Directorship
Number of meetings
of CSR&SD Committee
held during the year
(Eligible to Attend)
Number of meetings
of CSR&SD Committee
attended during the year
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
(w.e.f. 24.11.2024)
Independent Director/Member of
the Committee & Chairperson of the
Committee
Dr (Prof) Ashutosh Pant
(Up to 23.11.2024)
Independent Director/Member of
the Committee & Chairperson of the
Committee
Shri Prasenjit Biswas
(Up to 23.11.2024)
Independent Director/Member of the
Committee
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)/Member of the
Committee
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)/Member of the
Committee
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)/
Member of the Committee
Shri Suman Kumar
Director (Planning & Business
Development)/Member of the
Committee
Shri N. Senthil Kumar
(w.e.f. 01.09.2024 to
25.02.2025
Director (Pipelines) & holding
additional charge of Director
(Planning and Business
Development)/Member of the
Committee
Shri Sujoy Choudhury
(Upto 31.08.2024)
Director (Planning and Business
Development)/Member of the
Committee
3.
The web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board
are disclosed on the website of the Company, is given below:
Composition of CSR&SD committee
https://iocl.com/InvestorCenter/PDF/Board-Committees.pdf
Sustainability & CSR Policy
https://iocl.com/download/IndianOils_Sustainability_and_CSR_Policy.pdf
CSR projects approved by the Board:
https://iocl.com/pages/board-approved-CSR-projects
4.
The executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, is given below:

Executive Summary of Impact Assessment

IndianOil s operations are guided by a clear Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility (S&CSR) approach, focused on
achieving sustainable business outcomes, reducing environmental impact and improving community well-being. This approach is
put into action through various initiatives in health, education, environmental protection and women s empowerment etc., across
several states in India. Two of CSR projects were selected for an impact assessment to assess the direct and indirect effects on
beneficiaries and stakeholders. The purpose of the assessment was to understand the benefits experienced by the beneficiaries
over the period of implementation.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The study of these 2 projects was conducted by Development & Research Services Pvt. Limited (DRS). The study was conducted
through a comprehensive methodology involving desk review, data collection and analysis. IT included in-depth interviews, focus
group discussions and field visits. Data from both primary and secondary sources were tabulated to interpret the level and intensity
of the project s impact. Qualitative feedback was triangulated with primary data to derive conclusive insights. This mixed-method
approach ensured a holistic understanding of the interventions and guided recommendations for future improvements across
diverse project domains. Summary of the impact assessment report is as under:

Provision of 5TPD Bio Methanation Plant at Faridabad

IndianOil under its CSR initiative has installed 5 Ton Per Day (TPD) Bio-methanation plant at Faridabad, Haryana, designed to
mitigate environmental pollution by processing organic waste and generating biogas. The project, commissioned in March 2019
in collaboration with the Municipal Corporation of Faridabad (MCF), aimed to generate biogas from various organic waste like
vegetable mandi waste, kitchen waste and biomass residue etc. The plant is effective in converting organic waste to biogas with
82.0% methane content and biogas generated is further purified into Compressed Biogas (CBG). The primary intended use of the
biogas generated is for use by ISKCON foundation kitchen (Free of cost) in sector 7, Faridabad for preparing mid-day meals for
school children. The plant is operational for the last 5 years and has been successfully supplying gas to the ISKCON kitchen for
meal preparation.

Pressure Swing Adsorption (PSA) Oxygen Plants in various hospitals across India

During 2021, IndianOil under its CSR initiative made provision for 12 Medical Grade Oxygen generation units/plants at various
locations across India. These plants were spread across 11 government hospitals in 10 districts in three States: Madhya Pradesh,
Uttar Pradesh and Odisha. The primary objective was to address the shortage of Medical Grade Oxygen experienced during the
second wave of COVID-19 pandemic. The intervention was seen as a timely response following the first wave and proved crucial
during the second wave. Each plant has a capacity of 960 Liters Per Minute (LPM) and produces oxygen with a purity typically
ranging from 90% to 96%.

The impact study, which included interactions with beneficiaries and attendants, found that the intervention was an exemplary
success in saving numerous lives. Doctors across the hospitals praised the initiative, stating that they were big help and saved
many invaluable lives during the critical Covid times. The PSA plants provided a vital alternative to Liquid Medical Oxygen (LMO)
tanks and cylinders. Since their commissioning, the operation and maintenance (O&M) of the plants have been managed by
the hospitals themselves. On average, under normal conditions, each plant has benefitted approximately 60-65 patients daily
at each location.

Impact Assessment Reports are hosted on the website of the Company at following URL: https://iocl.com/pages/Impact-
Assessment-Reports
5.
Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135
H28723.20 Crore
Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135
H574.46 Crore
Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years
Nil
Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any:
H35.29 Crore
Total CSR obligation for the financial year ((b)+(c)-(d)):
H539.17 Crore
6.
Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Projects and other than Ongoing Projects): H555.11 Crore

Amount spent on Administrative Overheads: H27.76 Crore

Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: H0.16 Crore

Total amount spent for the Financial Year ((a)+(b) +(c)): H583.03 Crore

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount Spent for
the Financial Year
Amount Unspent
Total Amount transferred to Unspent
CSR Account as per section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule
VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
Amount
Date of transfer
Name of the Fund
Amount
Date of transfer
J 583.03 Crore
Nil
NA
Nil
Nil
NA
Statutory Reports

Excess amount for set-off, if any
Particular
Amount
Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)
(after set-off from previous financial year)
H539.17 Crore
Total amount spent for the Financial Year
H583.03 Crore
(iii)
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]
H43.86 Crore
(iv)
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or
Nil
programs or activities of the previous financial years, if any
H43.86 Crore
7.
Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:
No
Preceding
Financial
Year
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
section 135
(6)
Balance
Amount in
Unspent CSR
Account
under section
135 (6)
Amount
spent on the
reporting
Financial
Year
Amount transferred to any fund
specified under Schedule VII as
per second proviso to section
135(5), if any
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding g
financial years
Deficit,
if any
Name of
the Fund
Amount
Date of
transfer
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
8.
Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the Financial
Year: No capital Asset was created/Acquired in the books of account of the Company during 2024-25 through CSR Spent.

If yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/acquired: Not applicable

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the
Financial Year: Not applicable
9.
Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5): Not applicable
Sd/-
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (HR) & Member, CSR&SD Committee
Sd/-
Prasenjit Biswas
Independent Director & Chairman, CSR&SD Committee
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Annexure - III
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
[Issued in pursuance to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014 with modifications as deemed necessary, without changing the substance of format given in MR-3]
To,
The Members,
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
corporate practices by Indian Oil Corporation Limited (CIN
L23201MH1959GOI011388) (hereinafter called the Company )
for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025. The Secretarial
Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable
basis for evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances
and expressing our opinion thereon.
A. Members to take note of the following: -

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility
of the management of the Company. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these secretarial records
based on our audit.

We have followed the audit practices and processes
as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurances
about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial
records. The verification was done on test basis to
ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial
records. We believe that the processes and practices
we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness
of the financial statements of the Company.

The Company being a Government Company
under the administrative control of the Ministry of
Petroleum & Natural Gas (MoP&NG), the power to
appoint Directors (including Independent Directors)
and the terms and conditions of such appointment,
including remuneration and evaluation, vests with the
Government of India.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management
representation pertaining to compliance of laws, rules
and regulations, happening of events, etc.

The compliance with the provisions of Corporate
other
applicable
laws,
rules,
regulations,
standards is the responsibility of the management.
Our examination was limited to the verification of
procedures on test basis.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the
efficacy or effectiveness with which the management
has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers,
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the
audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March,
2025, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder
and also that the Company has proper Board-processes (duly
evolved) and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent,
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms
and returns filed and other records maintained by the
Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2025
according to the provisions of:

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules
made thereunder;

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956
( SCRA ) and the rules made thereunder;

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and
Bye-laws framed thereunder;

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the
rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent
applicable to Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;

A
The following Regulations and Guidelines
prescribed under the Securities and Exchange
Board of India Act, 1992 ( SEBI Act )

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

The Securities and Exchange Board of
India
(Prohibition
Insider Trading)
Regulations,2015;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the
Companies Act and dealing with client; and

The Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible
Securities) Regulations, 2021.
Statutory Reports

B
The Company has not undertaken any of the
activities during the audit period as envisaged
in the following Regulations and Guidelines
prescribed under the SEBI Act and hence are not
relevant for the purpose of audit:-

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat
Equity) Regulations, 2021;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-
Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018; and

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018.

VI. Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public
Sector Enterprises ( DPE Guidelines ) issued by the
Department of Public Enterprises.

VII. The following Acts and Rules made thereunder
pertaining to oil and gas business, as applicable
to the Company:

Oil fields (Regulation and Development) Act, 1948;

The Petroleum Act, 1934;

Mines
Minerals
(Regulation
Development) Act, 1957;

Petroleum and Minerals Pipelines (Acquisition of
Right of User Inland) Act, 1962;

Oil Mines Regulations, 1984;

Petroleum & Natural Gas Rules, 1959;

(g)
Petroleum Rules, 2002;

(h)
The Oil Industry (Development) Act, 1974.

The Energy Conversation Act, 2001

(j)
Petroleum
&
Natural
Gas
Regulatory
Board Act, 2006

We have also examined compliance with the applicable
clauses of the following:

Secretarial Standards in respect of Meetings
of the Board of Directors (SS-1) and General
Meetings (SS-2) as amended from time to
time issued by The Institute of Company
Secretaries of India;

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations
Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations 2015 (SEBI (LODR));

During the period under review, the Company has complied
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
Standards etc. mentioned above except to the extent as
mentioned below:

The Company did not have:

1.
Woman Independent Director on its Board
pursuant to Proviso of Regulation 17(1)(a) of SEBI
Regulations, 2015 for the period under review;

2.
Optimum combination of executive and non-
executive directors pursuant to Regulation
17(1)(a) of SEBI (LODR) and Clause 3.1.2.
DPE
Guidelines
period

3.
Sufficient number of Independent Directors
on its Board as required under the Regulation
17(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) and DPE Guidelines
for the period under review i.e. 01.04.2024 to
07.05.2024, 11.05.2024 to 31.08.2024 and
13.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;

The Audit Committee did not have the requisite
number of Independent Directors pursuant to Section
177 (2) of the Act; Regulation 18 (1) (b) of the SEBI
(LODR) and Clause 4.1.1. of the DPE Guidelines from

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee did
not have one-half of its composition of Independent
Directors from 24.11.2024 pursuant to Section
178 (1) of the Act and requisite composition
pursuant to Regulation 19 (1) (b) & (c) of the SEBI
(LODR) and Clause 5.1. of the DPE Guidelines from

During the period under review no meeting of
Independent Directors was held pursuant to Schedule
IV of the Act and Regulation 25 of SEBI (LODR).

Being a Government Company, the power to appoint
Directors including Independent Directors and Woman
Director vests with Government of India. In the absence
of Non-Executive Directors, the Company had appointed
Whole-time Directors in the Audit Committee and
Nomination and Remuneration Committee to maintain the
minimum number of committee members.
D. We further report that,

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly
constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors,
Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors
except to the extent as mentioned above. The
changes in the composition of the Board of Directors
that took place during the period under review were
carried out in compliance with the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule
the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on
agenda were sent well in advance and a system exists
for seeking and obtaining further information and
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

As per the minutes of the Board duly recorded
and signed by the Chairman, the agenda items are
deliberated and decisions of the Board were unanimous
and no dissenting views have been recorded.
We further report that there are adequate systems and
processes in the Company commensurate with its size
and operations to monitor and ensure compliance with
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period:

Company has issued 2,50,000, 7.36% Unsecured,
Listed, Rated, Taxable, Redeemable, Nonconvertible
Debentures (Series - XXVI) of H1,00,000 each
aggregating to H2,500 Crore on Private Placement
basis on 16 July 2024 and 250000, 7.25% Unsecured,
Listed, Rated, Taxable, Redeemable, Nonconvertible
Debentures (Series - XXVII) of H1,00,000 each
aggregating to H2,500 Crore on Private Placement
basis on 6 January 2025.

Company has redeemed 25,000, 5.84% Unsecured,
Listed, Rated, Taxable, Redeemable, Non-convertible
Debentures (Series - XXII) of H10,00,000 each
aggregating to H2,500 Crore on 16 April 2024 and
29,950, 6.39% Unsecured, Listed, Rated, Taxable,
Redeemable, Non-convertible Debentures (Series -
XVI) of H10,00,000 each aggregating to H2,995 Crore
on Private Placement basis on 6 March 2025.

Company has acquired 100% stake in Mercator
Petroleum Limited (MPL) for a consideration
of H154 Crore.

We further report that during the audit period none
of the following events took place, except those
mentioned above:

Public/Rights/Preferential
Issue
Shares/
Sweat equity etc.

Buy Back of securities.

(iii) Major decisions taken by the members in
pursuance to Section 180 of the Companies
Act, 2013

(iv) Merger/reconstruction etc.

Foreign Technical Collaborations.
For DHOLAKIA & ASSOCIATES LLP
(Company Secretaries)
Sd/-
CS Nrupang B. Dholakia
Managing Partner
FCS-10032 CP No. 12884
Place : Mumbai
Date : June 26, 2025
UDIN : F010032G000667744
Peer Review Certificate No: 2404/2022
FRN: P2014MH034700
Statutory Reports

Annexure - IV
Form No. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
1. ` Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm s length basis:
Sr.
Name(s) of the
related party
and nature of
relationship
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/
Duration of
the contracts/
arrangements/
Salient terms of
the contracts or
arrangements or
transactions including
the value, if any
Justification for entering
into such contracts or
arrangements or transactions
Date(s) of
approval by
the Board
Amount paid
as advances,
if any
Date on which the
special resolution
was passed in general
meeting as required
under first proviso to
section 188
IOC Global Capital
Management IFSC
Limited (IGCMIL),
a Wholly owned
Subsidiary (WoS)
Assignment of officers
of IndianOil with
Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) and Company
Secretary (CS) of
IGCMIL.
Ongoing basis till
regular CEO and CS
are appointed
Assignment of
officers of IndianOil
with additional charge
as CEO and CS of
IGCMIL without any
recovery of salary/
emoluments from
IGCMIL
IGCMIL is in its nascent
stage of operation.
Considering the manpower
cost of full time CEO &
CS, officers from IndianOil
have been assigned with
additional charge as CEO
& CS till such time full time
CEO and CS are appointed
23.11.2024
NIL
Not applicable
Terra Clean
Limited (TeCL),
a Wholly owned
Subsidiary (WoS)
Assignment of an
officer of IndianOil with
Company Secretary
(CS) of TeCL.
Ongoing basis till
a regular CS is
appointed
Assignment of officer
of IndianOil with
CS of TeCL without
any recovery of
salary/emoluments
from TeCL
TeCL is in its nascent stage
of operation. Considering
the manpower cost of full
time CS, an officer from
IndianOil has been assigned
with additional charge as CS
till such time full time CS is
appointed.
27.01.2025
NIL
Not applicable
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm s length basis: NIL
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-

(A. S. Sahney)

Chairman

DIN: 10652030
Place: New Delhi
Date : June 26, 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Annexure - V
Report on Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earning as per the provisions of
the Companies Act 2013 and rules notified thereunder.
(A) Conservation of Energy

The steps taken or impact on Conservation of Energy:

During 2024-25, 104 Energy Conservation Schemes were implemented across Refineries which resulted in energy savings of
3,57,788 SRFT/year, equivalent to a monetary savings of H1,521 Crore/year and equivalent CO2 reduction of ~1.14 MMTPA.
Some of the major schemes implemented during 2024-25 are as under:
Scheme description
Envisaged Savings
(SRFT/yr)
Expenditure Incurred
(in J Lakhs)
Overhauling of GT 1(CIBI) & use of NG to improve the operating Heat
Rate at Barauni Refinery
Overhauling of GT 2 (M&I) & Using RLNG to improve the operating
Heat Rate at Barauni Refinery
High emissivity coating for CDU-1 (Main & Trim furnaces), CDU-2
(Main), VDU-2, DCU & CGOT at Haldia Refinery
Refinery HP/MP steam load reduction by 20 TPH (400 to 380 TPH) at
CPP generation end at Haldia Refinery
11852
Pre-heat improvement in CDU-1, CDU-2 & VDU-1 furnaces Post M&I
at Haldia Refinery
ROG compressor taken in line at Haldia Refinery
Installation of LRVP in place of Tertiary Ejectors in AVU-2 at Panipat
Refinery
132 kV grid power maximization up to 8 MW at Bongaigaon Refinery
FG firing in HRSG at Bongaigaon Refinery
GT-3 operation with NG at Paradip Refinery
Steam reduction in deaerator by 45 tph by reducing deaerator
pressure (3.3 to 1.9 Kg/cm2g) at Paradip Refinery
23884
GT-2 operation with NG (Efficiency improvement) at Paradip Refinery
41 TPH of kero upgradation to diesel through KHDS instead of DHDT
at Paradip Refinery
Grid Import (20 MVA/18 MW): Scope-1 emission reduction (NHR
difference of Grid Power minus CPP) at Paradip Refinery
GT-1 operation with NG (Efficiency improvement or stack temp.
reduction) at Paradip Refinery
Installation of advance gas path(AGP) in GT-1 for efficiency
improvement at Paradip Refinery
10600
RLNG maximization in GT from HSD to RLNG at Paradip Refinery
Stoppage of Quench Oil pump resulting in reduction of LP steam
venting by 20 tph at Panipat Naphtha cracker

SRFT: Standard Refinery Fuel Equivalent Tones

(b) Steps taken by the company for utilizing alternative sources of energy:

IndianOil has a portfolio of 252.1 MW of Renewable Energy including 167.60 MW of wind capacity and 84.5 MW of
solar photo voltaic capacity (On-Grid solar- 26.35 MW, Off Grid- 58.15 MW). 5.15 MW Solar PV capacity was added
during 2024-25. The total electricity generation from these projects during 2024-25 was 365.72 GWh, which resulted in
emission mitigation of 276.85 TMT of CO2 equivalent. Additionally, cumulative installed Solar power capacity at Retail
Outlets (35,874 Nos.) is ~ 175.7 MW, which generated ~ 224.42 GWh during 2024-25.

The Company has replaced fluorescent tube lights & incandescent lamps with 100% LED lighting in all the refineries.

(iii) The Company has 28.75 MWp of solar panels across various refineries with a total annual generation capacity of 20.52
GWh of electricity.
Statutory Reports

(B) Efforts made towards Technology Absorption, Adaptation and Innovation

As a continuous effort towards improvement of product pattern, product quality, improvement of energy efficiency as well as
to meet the dynamic environmental emission norms and to improve profit margin, your Company has adopted most modern
technologies in line with the latest worldwide developments in the field of petroleum refining and petrochemicals production.

Major technologies adopted by the Company are as follows:

Indigenous Technology (adopted during the year 2024-25)

N
indDSK Technology: indDSK is low severity hydrotreating technology jointly licensed by R&D Centre of IndianOil
and EIL for production of ultra-low sulfur PCK. One grassroot unit of 300 kTA capacity at Paradip refinery unit was
successfully commissioned in June 2024 under BS-VI projects.

The benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution: Reduction
of Sulphur content impurity in Superior Kerosene Oil

Imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year)

N
Poly Butadiene Rubber Project, Panipat: Technology from Goodyear Tire and Rubber Corporation, USA

The year of import: 2021-22

Whether the technology been fully absorbed: The project is in implementation stage - Expected commissioning
by 2026-27.

Expenditure incurred on Research & Development:

By R&D Center

Capital: H502.40 Crore

Recurring: H310.01 Crore

Total: H812.41 Crore

Besides R&D centre expenditure, the total expenditure on R&D and major innovation initiatives across the Company
was H1,067 Crore.
(C) Foreign Exchange Earning and Outgo

The total foreign exchange earned and outgo during the year is as under :

N
Foreign Exchange earned: H36,085.88 Crore

N
Foreign Exchange outgo: H4,31,575.45 Crore
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Report on Corporate Governance
1.
COMPANY S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

IndianOil strongly believes that good Corporate Governance
practices ensure ethical and efficient conduct of the affairs
of the Company in a transparent manner and also help in
maximising value for all the stakeholders like members,
customers, employees, contractors, vendors and the
society at large. Good Corporate Governance practices help
in building an environment of trust and confidence among
all the constituents. The Company endeavours to uphold the
principles and practices of Corporate Governance to ensure
transparency integrity and accountability in its functioning,
which are vital to achieve its Vision of being the Energy of
India and a Globally-Admired Company.

The Company has set high standards of ethical and
responsible conduct of business to create value for all its
stakeholders. For effective implementation of the Corporate
Governance practices, the Company has well-defined
policies inter-alia, consisting of the following:

N
Code of Conduct for Board Members and Senior
Management Personnel

N
Code for Prevention of Insider Trading in the Securities
of IndianOil and Practices and Procedure for
Fair Disclosure

N
Enterprise Risk Management Policy

N
Integrity Pact to enhance transparency in business

N
Whistle Blower Policy

N
Conduct, Discipline and Appeal Rules for officers

N
Sustainability & Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

N
Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions and
dealing with Related Party Transactions

N
Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries

N
Policy for determination and disclosure of Material
Event/Information

N
Policy for Preservation of Documents

N
Dividend Distribution Policy

N
Human Resources Initiatives

N
Policy
dealing
unclaimed
amount
towards
Interest/Dividend/Redemption
on
listed
nonconvertible securities
2.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(a) Composition of Board of Directors

The Board of the Company comprises of Whole Time/
Functional
Directors
(Executive
Directors)
including
Chairman, Government Nominee Directors (Non-Executive
Directors) and Independent Directors (Non-Executive
Directors). The Independent Directors are persons with
proven record in diverse areas like business, law, industry,
administration etc.

The tenure of the Directors appointed on the Board is as under:

-
Functional Directors are appointed for a period of
five years or their date of superannuation, or further
orders from the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas
(MoP&NG), whichever is earlier;

-
Government Nominee Directors are appointed on ex-
officio basis or until further order from the MoP&NG,
whichever is earlier;

-
Independent Directors are appointed for a period
of three years.
Chairman with IOCians at Paradip Refinery
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

As on 31.03.2025, the Board of the Company had 13 (Thirteen), Directors comprising of 8 (Eight) Functional Directors including the
Chairman, 1 (One) Government Nominee Director and 4 (Four) Independent Directors as under
Name
Designation
Category
Date of
appointment
Tenure as on
31.03.2025
(in years)
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
Chairman
Whole-time Director
13.11.2024
0.38
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
Whole-time Director
28.10.2021
3.42
Shri Nachimuthu Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines)
Whole-time Director
14.08.2023
1.63
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
Whole-time Director
09.10.2023
1.48
Dr Alok Sharma
Director (Research &
Development)
Whole-time Director
16.01.2024
1.21
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
Whole-time Director
15.03.2024
1.04
Shri Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
Whole-time Director
17.07.2024
0.70
Shri Suman Kumar
Director (Planning & Business
Development)
Whole-time Director
26.02.2025
0.09
Dr Sujata Sharma
Govt. Nominee Director
Non-Executive Director
11.05.2024
0.89
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
Non-Executive Director
08.04.2022
2.98
Shri Prasenjit Biswas
Independent Director
Non-Executive Director
28.03.2025
0.01
Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
Independent Director
Non-Executive Director
28.03.2025
0.01
Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
Independent Director
Non-Executive Director
28.03.2025
0.01

The Independent Directors have submitted a declaration
that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down
under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the
rules notified thereunder ( Act ) and Regulation 16(1)(b) of
the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations 2015 ( SEBI (LODR) ). Based on the said
declaration, in the opinion of the Board, the Independent
Directors fulfil the criteria of independence specified
in the Act and SEBI (LODR) and are independent of
the management.

The
terms
conditions
appointment
Independent Directors are hosted on the website of the
Company www.iocl.com

As required under the SEBI (LODR), Dholakia & Associates
LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries, has certified that none
of the directors on the Board of the Company have been
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing
as director of the Company by the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs or any such statutory authority.
(b) Skills/Expertise/Competencies of Board of Directors

Being a Government Company, all the Directors on the Board
viz. Functional Directors, Government Nominee Directors
and Independent Directors are selected and appointed
by the Government as per a well laid down process for
each category of Directors. The core skills, expertise and
competence required for the Board to function effectively,
in the context of the Company s business, forms an integral
part of the Government s process for selection of Directors.
In view thereof, the Board of the Company has not identified
any core skills or expertise or competence for Directors as
required under SEBI (LODR).
(c) Board Meetings

The Board of Directors oversees the overall functioning of the
Company and sets targets for future, lays down strategies
and action plan to achieve its Vision. The Board lays down
the Company s policy and oversees its implementation in
attaining its objectives. The Board has constituted various
committees to facilitate the smooth and efficient flow of the
decision-making process.

During 2024-25, 11 (Eleven) Board Meetings were held.
The dates of the Board Meetings are fixed well in advance
and intimated to the Board members to enable them to
plan their schedule accordingly. The agenda items are
comprehensive and informative in nature to facilitate
deliberations and appropriate decision making at the Board
meeting. Presentations are made to the Board on various
functional and operational areas of the Company as well as
on major projects, financial performance, etc.

The agenda placed before the Board inter-alia includes all
statutory, other significant & material information, including
the information mentioned in Regulation 17(7), read with
Part A of Schedule II of SEBI (LODR) and Annexure IV of
the Guidelines on Corporate Governance issued by the
Department of Public Enterprises for Government Companies.
Statutory Reports

Date
Board Strength
No. of Directors
Present
1.
30.04.2024
2.
30.05.2024
3.
29.06.2024
4.
30.07.2024
5.
30.08.2024
6.
30.09.2024
7.
28.10.2024
8.
23.11.2024
9.
20.12.2024
10.
27.01.2025
11.
05.03.2025
Name of the
Director
No. of Board
Meetings
attended out
of meetings
held during
the tenure of
Director
Attendance
at the AGM
held on
09.08.2024
(Yes/No/
NA)
No. of
Directorship
Companies
as on
31.03.2025
Directorship in other listed
entities as on 31.03.2025 &
category of Directorship
Membership
of Committees
Companies as
Chairmanship
of Committees
Companies as
Whole-time Directors
Shri Arvinder Singh
Sahney
(DIN- 10652030)
Chairman
4(4)
NA
1). Chennai Petroleum
(Non-Executive Chairman)
2). Petronet LNG Limited
(Non-Executive Director)
-
Shri Satish Kumar
Vaduguri
(DIN - 09322002)
Director
(Marketing)
11(11)
Yes
-
Shri Nachimuthu
Senthil Kumar
(DIN - 10230965)
Director (Pipelines)
11(11)
Yes
-
Shri Anuj Jain
(DIN - 10310088)
Director (Finance)
11(11)
Yes
-
Dr Alok Sharma
(DIN - 10453982)
Director (Research
& Development)
11(11)
Yes
-
Ms Rashmi Govil
(DIN - 10531397)
Director (Human
Resources)
11(11)
Yes
-
Shri Arvind Kumar
(DIN - 09224177)
Director
(Refineries)
(w.e.f. 17.07.2024)
8(8)
Yes
-
Shri Suman Kumar
(DIN - 09724749)
Director (Planning
& Business
Development)
1(1)
NA
-

Details of the Board Meetings held during 2024-25 and presence of Directors at such meetings are as under:
(d) Attendance of each Director at Board Meetings held during 2024-25, last Annual General Meeting (AGM) and number of
other Directorships and Chairmanship/Membership of Committees of each Director in various companies are as under:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Name of the
Director
No. of Board
Meetings
attended out
of meetings
held during
the tenure of
Director
Attendance
at the AGM
held on
09.08.2024
(Yes/No/
NA)
No. of
Directorship
Companies
as on
31.03.2025
Directorship in other listed
entities as on 31.03.2025 &
category of Directorship
Membership
of Committees
Companies as
Chairmanship
of Committees
Companies as
Shri Shrikant
Madhav Vaidya
(DIN - 06995642)
Chairman
(upto 31.08.2024)
5(5)
Yes
1). Chennai Petroleum
(Non-Executive Chairman)
2). Petronet LNG Limited
(Non-Executive Director)
-
Shri Sujoy
Choudhury
(DIN - 09503285)
Director (Planning
& Business
Development)
(Upto 31.08.2024)
5(5)
Yes
-
Ms Sukla Mistry
(DIN - 09309378)
Director (Refineries)
(Upto 30.04.2024)
1(1)
NA
1). Chennai Petroleum
(Non-Executive Director)
-
Non-Executive Directors (Government Nominee)
Dr Sujata Sharma
(DIN - 07775238)
9(10)
Yes
-
Shri Sunil Kumar
(DIN - 08467559)
(Upto 07.05.2024)
1(1)
NA
-
Non-Executive Directors (Independent Director)
Dr (Prof) Ram
Naresh Singh
(DIN - 07571840)
11(11)
Yes
-
Shri Prasenjit
Biswas
(DIN - 09398565)
23.11.2024) &
8(8)
Yes
-
Shri Krishnan
Sadagopan
(DIN - 09397902)
23.11.2024) &
8(8)
Yes
-
Dr Dattatreya Rao
Sirpurker
(DIN - 09400251)
23.11.2024) &
8(8)
Yes
-
Shri Dilip Gogoi
Lalung
(DIN - 09398549)
(Upto 23.11.2024)
8(8)
Yes
-
Dr (Prof) Ashutosh
Pant
(DIN - 03057160)
(Upto 23.11.2024)
8(8)
Yes
-
Shri Sudipta
Kumar Ray
(DIN - 02534632)
(Upto 23.11.2024)
8(8)
Yes
-

Note

1)
The Directorships held by Directors as mentioned above include public limited, private limited and foreign companies but do not include the companies
registered under Section 8 of the Act.

2)
The Membership/Chairmanship of Committee is considered only for the Audit Committee and the Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

3)
In case of cessation of Directorship, the details of directorship on Board of other companies and committee position are as on the date of cessation
from the Board of the Company.
Statutory Reports

All the Directors have declared their Directorship and
Membership in the various Boards/Committees of other
companies, as and when required. None of the Directors
on the Board is a Member of more than 10 Committees
or a Chairman of more than five Committees across all
the companies in which they hold Directorships. Further,
none of the Directors serve as Independent Director on any
listed company.

A brief resume of the Directors, who are being reappointed
at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, is provided in
the notice of the AGM.
(e) Code of Conduct

The Code of Conduct for Board Members and Senior
Management Personnel of the Company approved by the
Board is circulated to all concerned and is also hosted on
the website of the Company www.iocl.com. The Directors
and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have
affirmed compliance with the provisions of the Code of
Conduct for the year ended 31.03.2025 under Regulation
26(3) of SEBI (LODR) and no material financial or commercial
transactions, which may have a potential conflict with the
interest of the Company, were reported by them.
Succession Planning

Being a Government Company under the administrative
control of the MoP&NG, the power to appoint Directors
(including Independent Directors) vests with the Government
of India. However, the Company has put in place a structured
succession planning framework to ensure a systematic
development plan to fill key positions, other than Board
Members, in line with the vision and business strategies
3.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
(a) Audit Committee

The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee
inter alia include :

-
Overseeing
Company s
reporting
process and disclosure of financial information to
ensure that the financial statements are correct,
sufficient and credible.

-
Reviewing with management the quarterly and
annual financial statements, auditors report along
with related party transactions, if any, before
submission to the Board.

-
Approval of or any subsequent modification of
transactions of the Company with related parties.

-
Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.

-
Valuation of undertaking or assets of the listed entity,
wherever IT is necessary.

-
Reviewing the matters to be included in Directors
Responsibility
Statement
that
form
part
the Board Report.

-
Reviewing with the management, statutory and internal
auditors, the adequacy of internal control systems.

-
Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function,
if any, including the structure of the internal audit
department, staffing and seniority of the official
heading the department, reporting structure coverage
and frequency of internal audit.

-
Discussions with internal auditors on the Annual
Internal Audit Program, Significant Audit Findings and
follow up on such issues.

-
Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations
by the internal auditors into matters where there is
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal
control systems of a material nature and reporting the
matter to the board.

-
Discussions with statutory auditors before the audit
commences on the nature and scope of audit, as
well as having post-audit discussion to ascertain any
area of concern.

-
Reviewing the utilisation of loans and/or advances
from/investment by the holding company in the
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 Crore or 10% of
the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower
including
existing
loans/advances/investments
existing as on the date of coming into force of
this provision.

-
Reviewing
Company s
risk
management policies.

-
Evaluating the internal financial controls and risk
management systems;

-
Reviewing with the management, the observations/
comments of the Comptroller & Auditor General of
India (CAG) and management s assurance thereon.

-
Reviewing with the management, the follow-up action
taken on the recommendations of the Parliamentary
Committee on Public Undertaking (CoPU), if any.

-
Noting the appointment of Statutory Auditors of
the Company and recommending audit fee for the
statutory audit as well as to approve fee for other
services by the auditors.

-
Approving the payment to statutory auditors for any
other services rendered by the statutory auditors.

-
Recommending the appointment of cost auditors of
the Company and review of Cost Audit Report.

-
Examining, deciding and dealing with all issues relating
to Ethics in the Company.

-
Reviewing the functioning of the Whistle-Blower Policy.

-
Reviewing the compliance with SEBI (LODR) & SEBI
(PIT) Regulations.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The Audit Committee comprised the following members as on 31.03.2025:
Name
Designation
Committee Position
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
Shri Nachimuthu Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines)
No. Name
Designation
30.04.2024 30.05.2024 29.06.2024 30.07.2024 30.08.2024 28.10.2024 27.01.2025 05.03.2025
1.
Shri Prasenjit
Biswas (upto
23.11.2024)
Independent
Director
2.
Shri Sudipta
Kumar
Ray (upto
23.11.2024)
Independent
Director
3.
Dr Dattatreya
Rao Sirpurker
(upto
23.11.2024)
Independent
Director
4.
Dr (Prof)
Ram Naresh
Singh (w.e.f
24.11.2024)
Independent
Director
5.
Shri Satish
Kumar
Vaduguri (w.e.f
24.11.2024)
Director
(Marketing)
6.
Shri
Nachimuthu
Senthil
Kumar (w.e.f
24.11.2024)
Director
(Pipelines)
Chairman
Member

The attendance at the 8 (Eight) meetings of the Audit Committee held during 2024-25 is as under:

The Audit Committee meetings are attended by Director (Finance) and the Head of Internal Audit as invitees. The representatives
of the Statutory Auditors are also invited to attend the meetings while considering the quarterly results/annual financial statements
and to discuss the nature and scope of the Annual Audit. The Cost Auditors are also invited, when the Cost Audit Report is
considered by the Audit Committee.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Audit Committee.
(b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The Company being a Government Company, the appointment, including the terms and conditions of appointment of the Directors
are decided by the Government of India. However, the Board has constituted a Nomination and Remuneration Committee to:

-
approve certain perquisites for Whole-time Directors and below Board level executives as well as to approve performance-
related pay to the executives of the Company as per the DPE guidelines;

-
create and sanction posts as well as to consider and approve promotions to Grade I i.e., Senior Management Personnel.

The performance evaluation of the Directors (including Independent Directors) has not been carried out by the Nomination &
Remuneration Committee, as the Company being a Government Company, the powers relating to evaluation of Directors vests
with the Government of India. Such evaluation is exempted for Government Companies under the provisions of the Act.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprised the following members as on 31.03.2025:
Name
Designation
Committee Position
1.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
2.
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
Chairman, IndianOil
3.
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
4.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
Chairman
Member
Statutory Reports

Name
Designation
06.01.2025
1.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
2.
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
Chairman, IndianOil
3.
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
4.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
(J)
Name
Designation
Salaries &
Allowances
Performance
Linked Incentive
Other Benefits
& Perquisites
Total
Remuneration
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
Chairman (w.e.f. 13.11.2024)
24,51,691
-
98,501
25,50,192
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
51,78,761
22,16,255
11,02,296
84,97,312
Shri N. Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines)
54,99,436
22,66,238
26,16,761
1,03,82,435
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
50,69,542
17,95,608
22,56,582
91,21,732
Dr Alok Sharma
Director (Research &
Development)
61,18,983
18,58,908
4,09,146
83,87,037
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
60,85,459
19,18,768
24,51,024
1,04,55,251
Shri Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
(w.e.f. 17.07.2024)
40,15,250
5,88,485
17,83,381
63,87,116
Shri Suman Kumar
Director (Planning &
Business Development)
5,96,895
-
38,490
6,35,385
Ms Sukla Mistry
Director (Refineries)
(Upto 30.04.2024)
95,98,365
-
32,11,775
1,28,10,140
Shri Shrikant Madhav Vaidya
Chairman
(Upto 31.08.2024)
23,48,371
-
36,96,158
60,44,529
Shri Sujoy Choudhury
Director (Planning &
Business Development)
(Upto 31.08.2024)
1,07,89,959
-
34,43,437
1,42,33,396
TOTAL
5,77,52,712
1,06,44,262
2,11,07,551
8,95,04,525

The attendance at the 1 (One) meeting of Nomination & Remuneration Committee held during 2024-25 is as under:

The meetings of Nomination & Remuneration Committee are also attended by Functional Directors as invitees.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

Directors' Remuneration

The remuneration paid to Whole-time Directors during 2024- 25 is as under:

Note

1.
Performance Linked Incentives are payable to the Whole-time Directors as employees of the Company as per the policy
applicable to all executives of the Company.

2.
During the year no Stock Options were issued by the Company.

3.
The terms of appointment of the Whole-time Directors, as issued by the Government of India, provides for three months
notice period or salary in lieu thereof for severance of service.

4.
The remuneration does not include the impact of provision made on actuarial valuation for retirement benefits/long-
term schemes and provision made during the period towards Post Retirement Benefits as the same are not separately
ascertainable for individual Directors.

The Government Nominee Directors are not entitled to any remuneration, sitting fees, etc.

The Independent Directors are not paid any remuneration except sitting fees of H40,000/- per meeting for attending meetings of
the Board or Committees thereof.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The sitting fees paid during 2024-25 is as under:
Name
Sitting Fees (J)
1.
Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
3,60,000
2.
Dr (Prof) Ashutosh Pant
5,20,000
3.
Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
6,00,000
4.
Shri Prasenjit Biswas
8,00,000
5.
Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
6,40,000
6.
Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
5,20,000
7.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
7,20,000
TOTAL
41,60,000

Note: There were no other materially significant pecuniary relationships or transactions of the Independent Directors vis-à-
vis the Company.

Shareholding of Directors

The details of equity shares of the Company held by the Directors as on 31.03.2025 are given below:
Name
Designation
No. of equity shares
1.
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
Chairman
4,650
2.
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
3.
Shri N. Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines)
11,000
4.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
5.
Dr Alok Sharma
Director (Research & Development)
-
6.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
4,633
7.
Shri Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
2,400
8.
Shri Suman Kumar
Director (Planning & Business Development)
16,458
9.
Dr Sujata Sharma
Government Nominee Director
-
10.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
-
11.
Shri Prasenjit Biswas
Independent Director
-
12.
Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
Independent Director
-
13.
Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
Independent Director
-
(c) Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 20 the SEBI (LODR) and
Section 178 of the Act. The terms of reference of the committee inter-alia include:

-
Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related to transfer/transmission of
shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.

-
Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.

-
Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being rendered by the
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

-
Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the company.

The Committee also approves issuance of share certificates/letter of confirmations. The Company endeavours to resolve
complaints/grievances/queries of stakeholders/investors within a reasonable period of time.
Statutory Reports

The Committee comprised the following members as on 31.03.2025:
Name
Designation
Committee Position
1.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
2.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
3.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
Chairman
Member

The attendance at the meeting of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee held during 2024-25 is as under:
Name
Designation
23.11.2024
1.
Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
(upto 23.11.2024)
Independent Director
2.
Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
(upto 23.11.2024)
Independent Director
3.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
4.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)

Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani, Company Secretary, acts as the Secretary of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and is also the
Compliance Officer.

Details of Complaints Received and Redressed during 2024-25

During the year, 6,131 complaints were received and resolved. Further, during the year, 325 requests for change of address,
recording of nomination, issue of duplicate share certificates/dividend warrant, etc. were received out of which 8 requests were
pending as on 31.03.2025 and the same were subsequently addressed.

The Company has created a designated email-id investors@indianoil.in exclusively for investors to enable them to raise their
grievances, if any.
(d) Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainable Development Committee

The CSR&SD committee has been constituted in line with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act. The terms of reference of the
committee inter-alia include:

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to be
undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule VII in areas or subject, specified in Schedule VII.

To operate its activities in providing energy solutions to its customers in a manner that is efficient, safe & ethical, which
optimizes the impact on environment and enhances quality of life of the community, while ensuring sustainable growth of
business and the nation.

Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred to in clause (a).

Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the Company from time to time.

e)
Institute a transparent monitoring mechanism for implementation of the CSR projects or activities.

The Committee comprised of the following members as on 31.03.2025:
Name
Designation
Committee Position
1.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
2.
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
3.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
4.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human Resources)
5.
Shri Suman Kumar
Director (Planning & Business
Development)
Chairman
Member
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The attendance at the 07 (Seven) meetings of the CSR & SD Committee held during 2024-25 is as under:
No. Name
Designation
29.06.2024
09.07.2024
29.08.2024
26.10.2024
24.01.2025
05.03.2025
28.03.2025
1.
Dr (Prof)
Ashutosh
Pant (up to
23.11.2024)
Independent
Director
2.
Shri Prasenjit
Biswas (up to
23.11.2024)
Independent
Director
3.
Shri Satish
Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
-
4.
Shri Sujoy
Choudhury
(up to
31.08.2024)
Director (Planning
& Business
Development)
5.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
6.
Ms Rashmi Govil
Director (Human
Resources)
Shri Nachimuthu
Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines)
holding add. charge
of Director (P&BD)
Dr (Prof) Ram
Naresh Singh
(w.e.f 24.11.2024)
Independent
Director
Shri Suman
Kumar
(w.e.f 26.02.2025)
Director (Planning
& Business
Development)

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the CSR&SD Committee.

The CSR Policy is hosted on the website of the Company on the link https://www.iocl.com/download/IOC_S&CSR_Policy.pdf. The
CSR Report, as required under the Act for the year ended 31.03.2025 is annexed to the Director s Report.
(e) Risk Management Committee

The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee to review the risk management process involving risk assessment
and minimisation procedure as well as to approve the derivative transactions above US$100 Million on a mark to market basis.

The Risk Management Committee has been constituted in line with the provisions of the SEBI (LODR). The Committee comprised
of the following members as on 31.03.2025:
Name
Designation
Committee Position
1.
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
Chairman, IndianOil
2.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
Independent Director
3.
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
4.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
5.
Shri Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
6.
Shri Suman Kumar
Director (Planning & Business
Development)
7.
Shri Arvind Acharya
Chief Risk Officer
Chairman
Member
Statutory Reports

No. Name
Designation
29.07.2024
10.02.2025
1.
Shri Shrikant Madhav Vaidya
(Upto 31.08.2024)
Chairman, IndianOil
2.
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
(w.e.f 13.11.2024)
Chairman, IndianOil
3.
Dr (Prof) Ram Naresh Singh
(w.e.f 24.11.2024)
Independent Director
4.
Dr (Prof) Ashutosh Pant
(Upto 23.11.2024)
Independent Director
5.
Shri Satish Kumar Vaduguri
Director (Marketing)
-
6.
Shri Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
7.
Shri Arvind Kumar
Director (Refineries)
8.
Shri Sujoy Choudhury
(Upto 31.08.2024)
Director (Planning & Business
Development)
9.
Shri Nachimuthu Senthil Kumar
Director (Pipelines) holding add. Charge of
Director (P& BD)
10. Shri T C Shankar
(Upto 31.12.2024)
Chief Risk Officer
11. Shri Arvind Acharya
(w.e.f 01.01.2025)
Chief Risk Officer
Name of Committee
Role and Responsibilities
Members
1.
Project Evaluation
Committee
To appraise projects costing H250 Crore and
above before the projects are submitted to
the Board for approval.
-
Two Independent Directors
-
Director (Finance)
-
Director (R&D)
The Committee is headed by an Independent
Director.
2.
Marketing Strategies
& Information
Technology Oversight
Committee
To
evolve
strategies,
policies,
guidelines and take decisions on all
matters relating to marketing activities
of the Corporation including revival of
dealerships/distributorships and to oversee
the implementation of IT strategies of the
Corporation.
-
One Independent Director
-
Director (Marketing)
-
Director (Finance)
-
Director (Planning & Business Development)
The Committee is headed by the Independent
Director.
3.
Deleasing of
Immoveable
Properties Committee
To
consider
de-leasing
leased flats/accommodation/immoveable
properties.
-
Chairman, IndianOil
-
One Government Nominee Director
-
Director (Marketing)
-
Director (Finance)
-
Director (Human Resources)
4.
Contracts Committee
To approve contracts beyond certain limits
as provided in the Delegation of Authority of
the Corporation.
-
Chairman, IndianOil
-
All Functional Directors
5.
Planning & Projects
Committee
To consider and approve all project
proposals above H100 Crore and up to
H250 Crore.
-
Chairman, IndianOil
-
All Functional Directors

The attendance at the 2 (Two) meetings of the Risk Management Committee held during 2024-25 is as under:
Other Board Committees

In addition to the above committees, the Board has delegated certain powers to various Board Committees with distinct roles and
responsibilities which are as under:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Name of Committee
Role and Responsibilities
Members
6.
LNG Sourcing
Committee
To review the terms and condition of
LNG sales and Purchase Agreement and
recommend the same to Board for approval
for purchase of LNG on long-term basis.
-
Chairman
-
Director (Finance)
-
Director (Refineries)
-
Director (Planning & Business Development)
7.
Dispute Settlement
Committee
To examine and give recommendation on
the settlement proposals having financial
implication of more than H25 Crore for
approval of the Board as per Conciliation
Policy of the Company.
-
Two Independent Directors
-
Director (Finance)
-
Concerned Functional Director
-
Co-opt additional Director, if any.
The Committee is headed by an Independent Director.
Date and Time
25.08.2022
10.00 AM
25.08.2023
10.30 AM
09.08.2024
10.00 AM
Venue
In view of the COVID pandemic,
the AGM was conducted Online
through Video Conferencing (VC)/
Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM)
The AGM was conducted Online
Video
Conferencing
(VC)/Other Audio-Visual Means
(OAVM)
The AGM was conducted Online
Video
Conferencing
(VC)/Other Audio-Visual Means
(OAVM)
Special Resolutions
Passed (nos.)
(1)
To
increase
Authorised
share capital and consequent
amendment in the MoA & AoA.
(0)

The Company Secretary is the Secretary to all Board Committees.

The composition of various committees of the Board is also hosted on the website of the Company.

The minutes of the meetings of the Committees are circulated to the members of the Committee. The approved minutes are then
circulated to all concerned departments of the Company for necessary action and are also submitted to the Board for information.

There were no instances wherein recommendation made by any Board Committee were not accepted by the Board of the Company
during 2024-25.
4.
GENERAL MEETINGS

The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company is held in compliance with the provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR). The
details of the AGM held during last three years are as under:

Note: For the AGM conducted through OAVM, the proceedings of the AGM are deemed to be conducted at the registered office of
the Company situated in Mumbai.

No Extraordinary General Meeting of the members was held during 2024-25.
5.
POSTAL BALLOT

No approval of members was sought by means of postal
ballot during the year 2024-25.

There is no immediate proposal for passing any resolution
through Postal Ballot.
6.
DISCLOSURES
Independent Directors Meeting

A separate meeting of Independent Directors was not held
Related Party Transactions

The Company has a policy on Materiality of Related Party
Transactions and dealing with Related Party Transactions
which is hosted on the website of the Company and can be
accessed at the following link:

https://www.iocl.com/download/RPT_Policy.pdf

As per the policy, all Related Party Transactions (RPT s) are
approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee
had granted omnibus approval for related party transactions
during 2024-25 in line with the provisions of the Act, SEBI
Statutory Reports

(LODR) and the policy on RPTs. A report on such transactions
was submitted to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.

All the related party transactions entered by the Company
during the year were in its ordinary course of business and on
arms length basis except transactions, details of which are
provided in the Directors Report in prescribed AOC-2 form.
Further, the disclosure of RPTs on a consolidated basis in the
prescribed format was filed with the Stock Exchanges on half-
yearly basis and also hosted on the website of the Company.

In compliance with the provisions of the SEBI (LODR),
the Company has obtained the approval of members for
material RPTs for the year 2025-26.
Material Subsidiary Companies

The Company has a Policy for Determining Material
Subsidiaries and the same is hosted on the website of the
Company and can be accessed at the following link:

https://www.iocl.com/download/Policies/Material_
Subsidiary_Policy.pdf

There were no material unlisted subsidiaries during
2024-25. The minutes of the Board Meetings of unlisted
subsidiaries are submitted to the Board of the Company on
a periodic basis.
Non-compliances/Strictures/Penalties during the last
three years

There was neither any case of non-compliance, nor any
penalties/strictures were imposed on the Company by the
Stock Exchanges/SEBI or any other statutory authority
on any matter related to capital markets during the
last three years.

However, the Company received notices from the National
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) as well as the BSE
Limited (BSE) regarding non-compliance with the provision
of Reg. 17(1), Reg. 18(1) and Reg. 19 of the SEBI (LODR) w.r.t.
composition of Board of Directors, composition of Audit and
Nomination & Remuneration Committee during 2024-25
and imposition of monetary fine for such non-compliances.
In response to the notice, the Company clarified the
Exchange(s) that the non-compliance was not due to any
negligence/default by the Company as the appointment
of Directors is done by the Government of India. In view
thereof, the Company has requested the Exchanges to
waive-off the fines. The Exchange(s) have conveyed that the
request for waiver of fines shall be considered as and when
the compliance is achieved by the Company.
Proceeds from Public Issues, Right Issues, Preferential
Issues etc

During the year, the Company did not raise any equity capital
through public issues, rights issues or preferential issues.
However, the Company had issued Unsecured, Rated,
Listed, Taxable, Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures
of H1,00,000/- each (NCDs) amounting to H5,000 Crore on
private placement basis. The funds were utilised for the
purpose for which these were raised and there has been
no deviation or variation in utilisation of funds. Further, the
Company has redeemed the Non-Convertible Debentures
amounting to H5,495 Crore on maturity.
Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-Blower Policy

The Company promotes ethical behaviour in all its
business activities and has put in place a mechanism for
reporting illegal or unethical behaviour. The Company has
laid down procedures and internal controls like Delegation
of Authority, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP s),
Conduct, Discipline and Appeal Rules for employees, etc.
The Vigilance Department, which forms an important part
of the vigil mechanism, undertakes participative, preventive
and punitive action for establishing effective internal control
systems and procedures for minimising systemic failures,
with greater emphasis on participative and preventive
aspects. The Government Auditors, Statutory Auditors and
Internal Audit are also important constituents of the vigil
mechanism to review the activities of the Company and
report observations on any deficiency or irregularities.

The Company has framed a Whistle-Blower Policy wherein
the employees are free to report any improper activity
resulting in violations of laws, rules, regulations or code of
conduct by any of the employees, including leakage/misuse
of unpublished price sensitive information in violation of
IndianOil s Insider Trading Code, to the Competent Authority
or Chairman of the Audit Committee, as the case may be.
Any complaint received would be reviewed by the Competent
Authority or Chairman of the Audit Committee. The policy
provides that the confidentiality of those reporting violations
shall be maintained and they shall not be subjected to any
discriminatory practice. No employee has been denied
access to the Audit Committee.

The Whistle-Blower policy is hosted on the website of the
Company on the link https://www.iocl.com/InvestorCenter/
pdf/Whistle_Blower_policy.pdf
Code for Prevention of Insider Trading in securities
of IndianOil and Practices and Procedure for Fair
Disclosure

In terms of the provisions of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations
2015, as amended from time to time, the Company has
adopted a Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and report
trading by designated persons in listed or proposed to be
listed securities of the Company ( the Code ). The Code
aims at preserving and preventing misuse of unpublished
price sensitive information. The code of practices and
procedures for fair disclosure of unpublished price sensitive
Information is hosted on the website of the Company.
CEO/CFO Certification

The Chairman and Director (Finance) of the Company have
given the CEO/CFO Certification to the Board.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Integrity Pact

The Company has signed a Memorandum of Understanding
(MoU) with Transparency International India (TII) in 2008 for
implementing the Integrity Pact (IP) Program focused on
enhancing transparency, probity, equity and competitiveness
in its procurement process.

Presently, three Independent External Monitors (IEMs) have
been nominated by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC)
to monitor the implementation of IP in all tenders of the
threshold value of H10 Crore and above, across the Company.

During the year, 12 meetings with the IEMs were held.
Based on the above threshold value, 593 tenders came
under the purview of the IP during 2024-25 against which 4
complaints were received which were referred to the IEMs
and deliberated during the year.
Relationship Between Directors

None of the Directors is inter-se related to other Directors
k.
Details of Familiarisation Programmes for Independent
Directors

The details of familiarisation programmes imparted to
Independent Directors are hosted on the website of the
Company and can be accessed at the link https://iocl.com/
download/IDFP2025.pdf
l.
Outstanding Global Depository Receipts (GDRs)/
American Depository Receipts (ADRs)/Warrants or any
Convertible instruments

The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants
or any convertible instruments and therefore there is no
outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible
instruments as on 31.03.2025.
m. Disclosure Regarding Commodity Price Risk and
Hedging Activities

Entity s Risk Management Policy w.r.t. Commodities
and its Hedging:

The Company is exposed to a number of commodity
price risks such as variation in refining margins, i.e., the
difference between refined product price and crude
price, risk of value erosion in inventory due to prices, risk
of higher crude prices on crude consumed in refining
system, risk of variation in prices of LNG on refinery
consumption, risk of price variations on imports of
petroleum products and LNG for marketing, etc.

The Company assesses these risks and based on
potential of these risks being realised, appropriate
hedging positions are undertaken using hedging tools
allowed to be traded under laws in India to monitor &
manage significant risks.

The Company has a Board-approved policy for the
risk management covering the exposure towards
commodities, commodity risk and hedged exposure.

Exposure to Commodity and Commodity Risks Faced
Throughout the Year

Total Estimated Exposure of the Company to
Commodities

The value of the total inventory held by the
Company for raw material, stock in process,
finished goods and stock in trade as on March
31, 2025, was ₹98,665 Crore.

Exposure of the Company to Material Commodities
Commodity Name
Exposure in
INR towards
the particular
commodity#
Exposure in Quantity
terms towards
the particular
commodity
% of such exposure hedged through
commodity derivatives
Domestic Market
International
market
Total
J in Crore
In MMT
OTC
Exchange
OTC
Exchange
Refining Margin
1,500
65.670
NIL
NIL
0.07%
NIL
0.07%
Inventory as on
31.03.2025
-
Crude Oil
3,200
6.529
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
-
Finished Goods
(including Stock
in Trade)
5,500
7.781
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL

# Estimated Impact for each 10% variation in exposure has been given for the particular commodity

Commodity Risks faced by the Company during the year and how they have been managed

The primary commodity risk faced by the Company is the risk around price movement in crude oil, refined products and
LNG. Any adverse movement in commodity prices may affect the margin. Similarly, any favourable movement in prices
can also allow margins to rise. Hedging activities are targeted at fixing a price for reducing uncertainties/volatilities in
future cash flows.
Statutory Reports

n.
Disclosures in relation to Sexual Harassment of Women
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013

5 (Five) complaints of sexual harassment were pending as
on 01.04.2024. During the year, 4 (Four) complaints were
received and 6 (Six) complaints were disposed-off. As on
31.03.2025, 3 (Three) complaints were pending.
o.
Disclosure by the Company and its Subsidiaries of
Loans and Advances in the nature of Loans to Firms/
Companies in which Directors are Interested by name
and Amount

The Company has not provided any Loans and Advances to
firms or Companies in which Directors are interested.
p.
Fees Paid to Statutory Auditors

An amount of H5.77 Crore was paid/payable to the Statutory
Auditors of the Company for the year 2024-25 towards
various services rendered by them to the Company. The
Statutory Auditors have not rendered any services to the
subsidiaries of the Company.
q.
Compliance Report on Corporate Governance

The Company has submitted the quarterly/half yearly/
annual compliance report on Corporate Governance in
the prescribed format to the stock exchange(s) within the
prescribed time period. The same is also hosted on the
website of the Company.
r.
Guidelines on Corporate Governance by Department of
Public Enterprise (DPE Guidelines)

The Company is complying with all the requirements of the
DPE Guidelines on Corporate Governance except with those
requirement as stated in para (s) below.

The Company also scrupulously follows the Presidential
Directives and guidelines issued by the Government of India
regarding reservation in services for SC/ST/OBC/PwBD
(Persons with Benchmark Disabilities)/Ex-servicemen/
Economically Weaker Sections (EWSs) to promote
inclusive growth.

No items of expenditure have been debited in books of
account, which are not for the purpose of business. No
expenses, which are of personal nature, have been incurred
for the Board of Directors and the top management.

The regular administrative and office expenses were 1.16%
of total expenses during 2024-25 as against 0.97% during
the previous year.
Compliance with the Mandatory Requirements of SEBI
(LODR) and DPE Guidelines

The Company adheres to the provisions of the laws and
guidelines of regulatory authorities including SEBI and
covenants in the agreements with the Stock Exchanges
and Depositories. The Company has complied with all the
mandatory requirements specified in Regulations 17 to
27 and Regulation 46(2)(b) to 46(2)(i) of the SEBI (LODR),
except as given below:

-
Optimum combination of executive and non-executive
directors pursuant to Regulation 17(1)(a) of SEBI
(LODR) and Clause 3.1.2. of the DPE Guidelines for the
period from 24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;

-
Sufficient number of Independent Directors on its
Board as required under the Regulation 17(1)(b) of
SEBI (LODR) and DPE Guidelines for the period under
review i.e. 01.04.2024 to 07.05.2024, 11.05.2024 to
31.08.2024 and 13.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;

-
Woman Independent Director on its Board pursuant to
Proviso of Regulation 17(1)(a) of SEBI (LODR). for the
period under review;

-
The Audit Committee did not have the requisite
number of Independent Directors pursuant to Section
177 (2) of the Act; Regulation 18 (1) (b) of the SEBI
(LODR) and Clause 4.1.1. of the DPE Guidelines from

-
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee did
not have one-half of its composition of Independent
Directors from 24.11.2024 pursuant to Section
178 (1) of the Act and requisite composition
pursuant to Regulation 19 (1) (b) & (c) of the SEBI
(LODR) and Clause 5.1. of the DPE Guidelines from

-
During the period under review no meeting of
Independent Directors was held pursuant to Schedule
IV of the Act and Regulation 25 of SEBI (LODR).

The Company, being a Government Company under the
administrative control of the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural
Gas (MoP&NG), the power to appoint Directors (including
Independent Directors) and their performance evaluation
vests with the Government of India.

The Company is following up with the MoP&NG on a regular
basis to appoint the requisite number of Directors to ensure
compliance with SEBI (LODR).
t.
Discretionary Requirements

The auditor s report on financial statements of the
Company is unmodified.
u.
Particulars of senior management including the changes
therein since the close of the previous financial year

The list of senior management including changes therein
are hosted on the website of the Company and also filed
with the stock exchanges and can be accessed at the link
https://iocl.com/download/Particulars18062025.pdf
Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding
the Company (Clause 5A of Paragraph A of Part A of
Schedule III of SEBI (LODR)

There are no agreements impacting management or control
of the Company or imposing any restriction or create any
liability upon the Company.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

w.
Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/unclaimed suspense account

In accordance with the requirement of regulation 34(3) & Part F of Schedule V of SEBI (LODR), details of equity shares in the
suspense account are as under:
Particulars
Number of Members
Number of Equity Shares
Aggregate number of Members and the outstanding shares in the
suspense account lying as on 01.04.2024
Members whose shares were transferred to the suspense account during
-
Members who approached the Company for transfer of shares from
suspense account during the year
-
Members to whom shares were transferred from the suspense account
-
Aggregate number of Members and the outstanding shares in the
suspense account lying as on 31.03.2025

The voting rights on the shares outstanding in the suspense account as on 31.03.2025, shall remain frozen till the rightful owner
of such shares claims the shares.
7.
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
Financial Results

The quarterly unaudited financial results and annual audited
financial results are announced within the time prescribed
under the SEBI (LODR). The results are published in leading
newspapers like The Economic Times, Business Standard,
The Hindu Business Line, The Financial Express, Mint and
Loksatta (Marathi Newspaper), Hindustan Hindi, Dainik
Jagran and Amar Ujala (Hindi Newspaper). The quarterly/
annual financial results are hosted on the Company s
website www.iocl.com. The financial results are also sent
to the members over e-mail. The Company issues news
releases on significant corporate decisions/activities and
posts them on its website as well as notifies the stock
exchanges as and when deemed necessary.
Conference call with Investors

Prior intimation of conference calls, if any, to discuss
financial performance of the Company is given to the
stock exchanges and is also hosted on the website of the
Company as per the provisions of SEBI (LODR). During the
year, no conference call was arranged by the Company.
News Releases

Official press releases, detailed presentations made to
media, analysts, institutional investors, etc. are displayed on
the Company s website at https://iocl.com/news-releases
Website

The Company s website www.iocl.com provides a separate
section for investors where relevant information is available.
The Integrated Annual Report of the Company is also hosted
on the Company s website.
Integrated Annual Report

The Integrated Annual Report is circulated to members and
others entitled thereto. The Management Discussion and
Analysis (MDA) Report and Corporate Governance Report
form part of the Integrated Annual Report.
Chairman s Speech at AGM

The Chairman read out his speech at the AGM which was
held through VC/OAVM on 09.08.2024. The same was also
placed on the website of the Company for information
of the members at https://iocl.com/pages/Annual%20
General%20Meeting
Webcast of AGM Proceedings

The AGM for the year 2023-24 was held through VC/OAVM
on 09.08.2024. The live webcast of the proceedings of the
AGM alongwith the option to ask queries and interact with the
management of the Company was provided to the members.
Investor Service Cell

The Investor Service Cell exists at Registered Office of the
Company in Mumbai and the Corporate Office in New Delhi
as well as at KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar & Transfer
Agent (RTA) office in Hyderabad to address the grievances/
queries of members/debenture holders.

To facilitate the investors to raise queries/grievances
through electronic mode, separate e-mail ID viz. investors@
indianoil.in & einward.ris@kfintech.com have been provided.
SCORES (SEBI Complaints Redressal System)

SEBI has provided a centralised web-based complaints-
redressal system named SCORES, through which an
investor can lodge complaint(s) against a Company.
Green Initiative - Service of Documents in Electronic Form

The provisions of the Act permits paperless communication
by allowing service of all documents in electronic mode.
Further, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) as
well as SEBI, has permitted that all communication to
members may be served electronically. In compliance
thereof, the Company has adopted the practice of sending
communications, including Integrated Annual Report,
through email to those members whose email id is available
as per registered records and physical copy to those who
request for the same.
Statutory Reports

Series
ISIN
Issue Date
Maturity
Tenure
Rate of
Interest
Issue Size
(J Crore)
INE242A08437
22.10.2019
22.10.2029
10. Years
7.41%
3,000.00
INE242A08478
03.08.2020
11.04.2025
4. Years 8 Month 8 Days
5.40%
1,625.00
INE242A08486
20.10.2020
20.10.2025
5. Years
5.50%
2,000.00
INE242A08494
25.01.2021
23.01.2026
4. Years 11 Month 29 Days
5.60%
1,290.20
INE242A08502
18.02.2022
18.02.2027
5. Years
6.14%
1,500.00
INE242A08528
17.06.2022
12.04.2032
9 Year 9 months 26 days
7.79%
2,500.00
INE242A08536
06.09.2022
06.09.2027
5. Years
7.14%
2,500.00
INE242A08544
25.11.2022
25.11.2027
5. Years
7.44%
2,500.00
INE242A08551
16.07.2024
16.07.2029
5. Years
7.36%
2,500.00
INE242A08569
06.01.2025
06.01.2030
5. Years
7.25%
2,500.00
8.
GENERAL MEMBER INFORMATION
(a) Annual General Meeting
Date, Time and Mode
of the Annual General
Meeting
Saturday, 30.08.2025 at 10:00 AM
Through Video Conferencing (VC)/
Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
(b) Financial Year

The Financial Year of the Company is from 1st April to 31st
March. The financial calendar to approve quarterly/annual
financial results for the year 2025-26 is as under:
Quarter ending June
30, 2025
On or before August 14, 2025
Quarter ending
September 30, 2025
On or before November 14, 2025
Quarter ending
December 31, 2025
On or before February 14, 2026
Quarter and year
ending March 31, 2026
On or before May 30, 2026

The trading window closure period for dealing in securities
of the Company is informed to the stock exchanges and also
hosted on the website of the Company. The Trading Window
generally remains closed for Insiders of the Company from
the end of each quarter till 48 hours after the financial
results for the quarter are filed with stock exchanges and
become generally available, unless otherwise informed by
Company Secretary.
(c) Dividend

The final dividend of H7.00 per equity share for the year
2023-24 was paid to the eligible shareholders in the month
of August 2024.

In addition, the Board has recommended a dividend of H3.00
per equity share for the year 2024-25, subject to approval of
the members of the Company at the AGM. The Company
has fixed Friday, 08.08.2025 as the Record Date to ascertain
the eligibility of members to receive the dividend, if declared
at the AGM and shall be paid to the eligible members within
the stipulated period of 30 days, as provided under the
Act, after the AGM.
(d) Listing of Securities on Stock Exchanges

-
The equity shares of the Company are listed on the
BSE and the NSE. The address of the BSE & NSE is
provided in the Integrated Annual Report.

-
The debt securities issued by the Company are listed
on the Debt Segment of the BSE and the NSE. The
Company has appointed SBICAP Trustee Company
Limited & Beacon Trusteeship Limited as the
Debenture Trustee for the debt securities.

-
The Company has paid listing fees in respect of its
listed securities to both the stock exchanges for
the year 2024-25.
(e) Details of Debentures outstanding as on 31.03.2025
Registrar & Transfer Agents (RTA)

Selenium Building Tower B, Plot 31-32,

Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally

Hyderabad - 500 032

Telangana

Toll Free No.
: 1800 309 4001

E-mail Address : einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website

: www.kfintech.com
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

(g) Share Transfer System

The equity shares of the Company are traded in dematerialised form. Pursuant to the SEBI guidelines, no physical transfer of
shares is allowed. Further to SEBI circular dated 25.01.2022, the Company has been issuing securities in dematerialised form only
while processing the requests for issue of duplicate share certificates, transmission, transposition etc.
(h) Distribution of Shareholding as on 31.03.2025
Nominal Value of
Equity Shares (J)
No. of Members (Folios)
% of Members
Amount (J)
% of Amount
1.
29,49,298
89.72
2,37,40,53,330
1.68
2.
5001 - 10000
1,60,573
4.88
1,20,74,03,020
0.86
3.
10001 - 20000
85,676
2.61
1,23,82,79,430
0.88
4.
20001 - 30000
29,017
0.88
73,56,74,030
0.52
5.
30001 - 40000
14,660
0.45
51,57,26,520
0.37
6.
40001 - 50000
10,108
0.31
46,87,58,590
0.33
7.
50001 - 100000
18,436
0.56
1,32,56,33,710
0.94
8.
100001 - 200000
10,461
0.32
1,48,00,53,030
1.05
200001 & Above
8,978
0.27
1,31,86,68,02,170
93.37
Total
32,87,207
100.00
1,41,21,23,83,830
100.00
Name
No. of Equity Shares
% To Equity Shares
1.
President of India
727,21,99,767
51.50%
2.
200,58,22,884
14.20%
3.
Life Insurance Corporation of India
90,80,09,660
6.43%
4.
72,83,85,744
5.16%
5.
IOC Shares Trust
34,96,77,684
2.48%
6.
SBI Mutual Fund
13,89,46,887
0.98%
7.
ICICI Mutual Fund
11,76,38,082
0.83%
8.
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
5,77,37,503
0.41%
9.
Kotak Mutual Fund
5,36,97,206
0.38%
10.
Vanguard EM Stock Index Fund
5,25,47,195
0.37%
Category
Members (Folios)
Equity Shares
%
Promoter Shareholding
1.
President of India
0.00
727,21,99,767
51.50
Public Shareholding
2.
Governor of Gujarat
0.00
1,62,00,000
0.11
3.
Oil & Natural Gas Corporation Ltd.
(Government Company)
0.00
200,58,22,884
14.20
4.
Oil India Ltd. (Government Company)
0.00
72,83,85,744
5.16
5.
Corporate Bodies
3,629
0.11
6,17,54,911
0.44
6.
FIIs/NRIs/FPIs
23,877
0.73
1,07,70,81,843
7.63
7.
Banks/Indian Financial Institutions
0.00
9,96,780
0.01
8.
Mutual Funds
0.00
38,47,32,072
2.72
9.
Insurance Companies
0.00
7,28,80,589
0.52
10.
Public
3259305
99.15
1,17,65,97,874
8.33
11.
Trusts
0.00
35,24,00,589
2.50
12.
Investor Education & Protection Fund
0.00
81,95,753
0.06
Qualified Institutional Buyer
0.00
94,74,87,205
6.71
Others (NBFC Clearing Members AIF)
0.00
1,65,02,372
0.11
Total (I+II)
32,87,207
100.00
1412,12,38,383
100.00
Shareholding Pattern as on 31.03.2025
(j)
Top 10 members as on 31.03.2025
Statutory Reports

Financial Year
Rate (%)
Remarks
66 %
-
140 %
Includes Interim Dividend of 55%
190 %
Includes interim dividend of 180%
210%
Includes Interim Dividend of 190%
92.50%
Includes Interim Dividend of 82.50%
42.50%
Interim Dividend of 42.50%. No final dividend was declared.
120%
Includes Interim Dividend of 105%
114%
Includes Interim Dividend of 90%
30%
-
120%
Includes Interim Dividend of 50%
Type of Shareholding
Members (Folios)
Shareholding
%
Physical
2,508
0.08
1,29,83,599
0.09
NSDL
7,14,814
21.75
11,48,89,31,946
81.36
CDSL
25,69,885
78.17
2,61,93,22,838
18.55
TOTAL
32,87,207
100.00
1412,12,38,383
100.00
(k) Dematerialisation of Equity Shares and Liquidity

The equity shares of the Company are traded in dematerialised form. To facilitate the members to dematerialise the equity shares,
the Company has entered into an agreement with NSDL and CDSL. The summarised position of members in Physical and Demat
segment as on 31.03.2025 is as under:
(l)
Corporate Action

Dividend History

The Company has been consistently declaring dividend. The dividend paid during the last 10 financial years is as under:

Bonus Issue since listing of the Equity Shares:
Financial Year
Ratio
1:1
1:2
1:1
1:2
(m) Unclaimed Dividend and Equity Shares Transferred to
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority

Section 124 of the Act provides that any dividend that has
remained unpaid/unclaimed for a period of seven years
from the date of transfer to an unpaid dividend account
shall be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund (IEPF), established by the Central Government.

The Company sends reminder letters to the members,
advising them to lodge their claim for such unpaid dividend.
Thereafter the unclaimed/unpaid dividend is transferred
to the IEPF authority on the due date. Accordingly, the
unclaimed dividend of H1,85,32,702/- for the Financial
Year 2016-17 (2nd Interim Dividend 2016-17), H48,19,930/-
for the Financial Year 2016-17 (Final Dividend 2016-17)
and H5,86,11,314/- for the Financial Year 2017-18 (Interim
Dividend 2017-18) were transferred to the IEPF authority on
06.05.2024, 14.10.2024 and 10.03.2025 respectively.

The details of dividend which remains unpaid/unclaimed
with the Company as on 31.03.2025 are as under:
Year
Amount (J)
2017-18 (Final)
1,59,27,062.00
2018-19 (1st Interim)
3,95,39,508.75
2018-19 (2nd Interim)
99,50,102.00
2018-19 (Final)
64,78,624.00
2019-20 (Interim)
2,87,43,638.25
2020-21 (1st Interim)
3,77,95,654.50
2020-21 (2nd Interim)
1,79,88,053.00
2020-21 (Final)
87,50,495.00
2021-22 (1st Interim)
2,36,76,758.00
2021-22 (2nd Interim)
1,98,21,515.00
2021-22 (Final)
1,90,31,928.40
2022-23 (Final)
2,02,90,475.00
2023-24 (Interim)
3,14,29,364.00
2023-24 (Final)
8,33,39,406.00
Total
36,27,62,583.90
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The IEPF rules notified by the MCA further provides that
details of all unclaimed/unpaid dividend as on the closure
of year, shall be filed with the MCA and also hosted on the
website of the Company within 60 days from the date of the
AGM. Accordingly, the Company has filed the information as
on March 31, 2024 with the MCA and also hosted IT on the
Company s website within the prescribed period.

Section 124(6) of the Act, provides that all shares in respect
of which dividend has not been paid or claimed for seven
consecutive years or more shall be transferred by the
Company in the name of the IEPF. Section 125 further
provides that a member whose dividend amount/shares
have been transferred to the IEPF shall be entitled to claim a
refund therefrom.

In line with the IEPF Rules, the Company sends reminder letters
to all such members, whose dividend has remained unpaid/
unclaimed for a consecutive period of seven years with a
request to claim the dividends, failing which the equity shares
would be transferred to the IEPF Authority on the due date.

Accordingly, equity shares in respect of 2nd Interim Dividend
16-17, Final Dividend 2016-17 and Interim Dividend 2017-18
which had remained unpaid/unclaimed for a consecutive
period of seven years, were transferred to the demat
account of the IEPF authority on 18.05.2024, 23.10.2024
and 25.03.2025 respectively. The details of such equity
shares are hosted on the website of the Company.

The summary of equity shares lying in the demat account of
IEPF authority as on 31.03.2025 is as under:
Particulars
No. of Shares
Equity Shares in the demat account of
IEPF Authority as on 01.04.2024
75,76,161
Add: Equity Shares transferred to demat
account of IEPF authority on account of
unpaid dividend for seven consecutive
6,57,806
Less: Equity Shares refunded by the IEPF
authority to the investor
38,214
Equity Shares in the demat account of
IEPF Authority as on 31.03.2025
81,95,753

The procedure for claiming the unpaid dividend amount and
equity shares transferred to the IEPF Authority is provided
on the link: http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html
(n) Credit Rating

The Credit rating assigned to the Company for various debt instruments by rating agencies is as under:
Instrument
Rating Agency
Rating
Outlook
Senior unsecured Debt - Foreign Currency
Moody s
Baa3
Stable
Senior unsecured Debt - Foreign Currency
Fitch
BBB-
Stable
Non-Convertible Debenture
CRISIL
CRISIL AAA
Stable
Non-Convertible Debenture
India Ratings
IND AAA
Stable
Non-Convertible Debenture
ICRA
[ICRA] AAA
Stable
Bank Facilities - Long Term
CRISIL
CRISIL AAA
Stable
Bank Facilities - Long Term
CARE
CARE AAA
Stable
Bank Facilities - Short Term
CRISIL
CRISIL A1+
-
Bank Facilities - Short Term
CARE
CARE A1+
-
Commercial Paper
ICRA
[ICRA] A1+
-
Commercial Paper
India Ratings
IND A1+
-
(o) Plant Locations

The addresses of the major plant locations and offices are given in the Integrated Annual Report.
(p) Address for Correspondence

Company Secretary

IndianOil Bhavan

G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg

Bandra (East)

Mumbai - 400051

Tel. No.
: (022) 26447327/26447150

E-mail ID : investors@indianoil.in
Statutory Reports

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE UNDER SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS
AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
To,
The Members
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate
Governance
Indian
Oil
(CIN
L23201MH1959GOI011388) ( the Company ) for the year ended
March 31, 2025, prescribed in Regulations 17 to 27, Clauses (b)
to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and paragraph C, D
and E of Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 ( SEBI LODR ) and the Guidelines on Corporate Governance
for Central Public Sector Enterprises issued by the Department of
Public Enterprises ( DPE Guidelines ).
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is
the responsibility of the Management. Our Examination was
limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by
the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of
Corporate Governance. IT is neither an audit nor an expression of
opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according
to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company
has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance
as stipulated in the aforesaid provisions of SEBI LODR and as
specified in the Guidelines issued by DPE except that:
The Company did not have:

1.
Woman Independent Director on its Board pursuant to
Proviso of Regulation 17(1)(a) of SEBI (LODR) for the
period under review;

2.
Optimum combination of executive and non-executive
directors pursuant to Regulation 17(1)(a) of SEBI
(LODR) and Clause 3.1.2. of the DPE Guidelines for the
period 24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;

3.
Sufficient number of Independent Directors on its
Board as required under the Regulation 17(1)(b) of
SEBI (LODR) and DPE Guidelines for the period under
review i.e. 01.04.2024 to 07.05.2024, 11.05.2024 to
31.08.2024 and 13.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;
The Audit Committee did not have the requisite number of
Independent Directors pursuant to Section 177 (2) of the
Act; Regulation 18 (1) (b) of the SEBI (LODR) and Clause
4.1.1. of the DPE Guidelines from 24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee did not
have one-half of its composition of Independent Directors
from 24.11.2024 pursuant to Section 178 (1) of the Act and
requisite composition pursuant to Regulation 19 (1) (b) & (c)
of the SEBI (LODR) and Clause 5.1. of the DPE Guidelines
from 24.11.2024 to 31.03.2025;
During the period under review no meeting of Independent
Directors was held pursuant to Schedule IV of the Act and
Regulation 25 of SEBI (LODR).

We also state that the Company being a Government
Company under the administrative control of the Ministry
of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MoP&NG), the power to
appoint Directors (including Independent Directors) and
the terms and conditions of such appointment, vests with
the Government of India.The matter regarding appointment
of required number of Independent Directors and Women
Independent Director has been taken up with MoP&NG
from time to time.

We further state that such compliance is neither an
assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of
the efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management
has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For DHOLAKIA & ASSOCIATES LLP
(Company Secretaries)
Sd/-
CS Nrupang B. Dholakia
Managing Partner
FCS-10032 CP No. 12884
Place : Mumbai
Date : June 26, 2025
UDIN : F010032G000667777
Peer Review Certificate No: 2404/2022
FRN: P2014MH034700
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Management Discussion and Analysis
1.
ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE AND OUTLOOK

In 2024, the global economy showed signs of stabilisation, even as IT continued to face significant challenges. Global growth
slowed down slightly to 3.3 percent, from 3.5 percent in 2023, reflecting the impact of high interest rates, weaker global trade and
ongoing uncertainty from geopolitical tensions. Advanced economies experienced a slight uptick from 1.7 percent to 1.8 percent,
while emerging markets and developing economies saw a slowdown from 4.7 percent to 4.3 percent.
*For India GDP growth rates refer to fiscal vear. (F) refers to Forecast
Source: World Economic Outlook, April 2025, International Monetary Fund
GDP (%)
World
Euro Area
US
China
India
9.2
6.5
6.2
6.3
5.4
5.0
4.0
0.4
0.9
0.8
1.2
3.5
3.3
2.8
3.0
2.9
2.8
1.8
1.7
2025 (F)
2026 (F)
IndianOil Chairman and Board Members with IOCians at Corporate Office, New Delhi
Statutory Reports

Among major economies, U.S. growth remained stable at
2.8 percent in 2024, driven by robust domestic demand, with
private consumption growing at 2.8 percent, surpassing its
historical average of 2.4 percent. Euro area s GDP growth
was 0.9 percent, up from 0.4 percent in 2023. In contrast,
China s growth slowed to 5.0 percent during the year from
5.4 percent in 2023, impacted by a weak property sector,
low consumer confidence and a slowdown in exports.
Additionally, escalating trade tensions and new tariffs have
disproportionately affected China s economy in recent
years. India remains the fastest-growing major economy,
though its GDP growth slowed significantly to 6.5 percent
in 2024-25, from 9.2 percent in 2023-24. This moderation is
driven by high base effect and the post-COVID stabilization
of economic growth rate.

Global inflation eased for the second year in a row, declining
to 5.7 percent in 2024 from 6.6 percent in 2023, due to
tighter monetary policies and softer commodity prices.
Easing inflation enabled several central banks, including
the US Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank and the
Bank of England to cut interest rates. In several advanced
economies, labour markets have rebounded to pre-
pandemic levels, leading to reduced unemployment rates.

Despite some stability, several significant challenges persist.
Global geopolitical risks remain elevated, raising concerns
about their potential impact on both economic and financial
stability. Trade tensions, particularly between the U.S. and
China, continue to worsen these uncertainties. Furthermore,
the rising global debt levels are a growing concern.
Considering these risks, the IMF lowered its April 2025 global
growth forecast to 2.8 percent for 2025 and 3.0 percent for
2026 - down 0.5 and 0.3 percent points, respectively, from
its January projections, with downward revisions for nearly
all countries. India's economic outlook remains strong, with
growth expected to stay around 6.2 percent in 2025-26
despite moderating from post-pandemic highs. Key drivers
include investment, consumption and productivity gains
from digitalisation and infrastructure growth. Continued
policy stability, normal monsoons and ongoing structural
reforms will be crucial to sustaining this momentum.
2.
GLOBAL ENERGY SECTOR

The global energy landscape this year was shaped by
significant geopolitical and policy shifts that continued to
influence energy markets and transition strategies. Volatility
persisted due to ongoing conflicts in Eastern Europe and
rising tensions in the Middle East. Against this backdrop,
major oil and gas companies recalibrated their strategies,
pivoting back to conventional oil and gas investments,
even as their Net-Zero commitments remained unchanged.
This shift, driven by profitability concerns and stakeholder
pressure, raises questions about the pace and viability of
the energy transition. Companies that once championed
decarbonisation are now prioritising shareholder returns,
scaling back renewables and increasing their focus on fossil
fuels. This underscores a growing conflict between financial
imperatives and climate goals, potentially hindering global
emission targets. In the U.S., recent policy reversals such
as withdrawal from the Paris Agreement and rollback of key
low carbon incentives, signalled renewed support for fossil
fuel development, raising global concern about weakening
climate commitments.

Despite these headwinds, many regions - particularly
Asia and Europe continued to expand renewable energy
deployment, though at a slower pace. The year underscored
the tension between long-term climate ambitions and short-
term energy security needs, setting the stage for a complex
global energy transition ahead.
2.1. Oil Market

Global oil demand hit a record 102.9 Million barrels per day
in 2024, but the pace of growth slowed sharply. Demand
rose by only 0.83 Million barrels per day during the year,
compared to a much higher increase of 2.1 Million barrels
per day in 2023. This deceleration reflects a return to more
normalised demand trends following several years of post-
COVID recovery. While demand in OECD countries remained
broadly flat, non-OECD regions accounted for nearly all
the growth. Asia contributed 82 percent (or 0.68 MBPD)
of the global increase; however, weaker-than-expected
economic performance in China limited its contribution
to just 0.1 MBPD.

Looking ahead, global consumption of liquid fuels is
projected to rise by 1.3 MBPD in 2025 and 1.1 MBPD in
2026, with non-OECD Asia, particularly India, emerging as
the key driver of demand growth.

On the supply side, global oil production rose to match
demand at 103 MBPD, up from 102.25 MBPD in 2023.
The slower pace of demand growth, combined with strong
output from non-OPEC+ producers, prompted deeper
OPEC+ production cuts in 2024. OPEC+ supply averaged
49.9 MBPD, down from 50.7 MBPD in 2023. Saudi Arabia
implemented significant curbs, reducing output to an
average of 9.1 MBPD, a drop of over 1.3 MBPD compared to
levels in early 2023. In contrast, non-OPEC+ supply surged
by 1.5 MBPD, reaching 53.1 MBPD in 2024, with the US
accounting almost half of the increase.

In 2024, global refining margins continued their downward
trend, driven by a combination of increased global refining
capacity and a slowdown in demand growth for refined
products, leading to supply consistently outpacing demand.
As margins tightened, downstream earnings for vertically
Global Supply Demand of Oil (MBPD)
Source: IEA OMR March 2025
99.92
102.05
102.88
100.05
102.25
103.01
Demand
Supply
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

integrated oil companies fell by around 50 percent compared
to 2023 and were approximately 60 percent lower than in
2022. Several refiners underperformed market expectations
as weakening margins eroded profitability across the sector.

Global crude oil prices moderated during the year compared
to 2023. While geopolitical tensions and OPEC+ supply
decisions continued to influence prices, softer global
demand and increased output from non-OPEC producers
helped contain upward pressure. Dated Brent averaged
$81/bbl, marginally below $83/bbl in 2023. However,
early 2025 brought a shift in market sentiment due to
escalating geopolitical tensions, including a trade dispute
between the United States and key partners and signals
from OPEC+ about accelerating planned output increases.
These developments raised expectations of a rise in global
inventories, applying downward pressure on prices.
2.2. Gas Market

In 2024, global natural gas demand rose to a record 4,212
Billion Cubic Metres (BCM), marking a 2.8 percent (115 BCM)
year-on-year increase, well above the 2 percent average
growth seen from 2010 to 2020. Natural gas accounted
for around 40 percent of the total increase in global energy
demand, more than any other fuel. Following the supply
shock of 2022-23, this rebound signalled a return to structural
growth, driven by Asia-Pacific markets, which contributed
nearly 45 percent of the global increase. However, growth
was uneven across geographies. European gas demand
remained weak due to a mild winter and reduced electricity
demand, while industrial gas consumption showed only
modest recovery and remained below pre-crisis levels.

Natural gas continued to displace oil across several sectors.
Notable shifts included oil-to-gas switching in the Middle
East s power sector and the rapid growth of LNG-powered
trucks in China. LNG bunkering also gained traction amid
tightening emission rules in the maritime sector.

On the supply side, LNG output grew by just 2.5 percent
in 2024, well below its average growth rate of 8 percent
between 2016 and 2020, constrained by outages and delays
in new capacity additions. However, growth is expected to
accelerate to 5 percent (~25 BCM) in 2025, driven by the
anticipated commissioning and ramp-up of several major
LNG projects, particularly in North America.

Natural gas prices moderated across key markets in 2024,
extending the downward trend from the record highs of
2022. European and Asian gas prices fell early in the year
due to mild weather but rebounded sharply by around 70
percent during the second half of the year driven by robust
Asian LNG demand.

In the United States, natural gas prices touched their lowest
annual average since 2020, with Henry Hub (HH) averaging
$2.2 per Million British thermal units (MMBtu). A warmer
winter in 2023 & 2024 boosted gas inventory to 40 percent
above the five-year average by March. High production also
kept prices low. In Asia, spot LNG prices showed a similar
trend of easing. The Platts JKM benchmark averaged
around $12 per MMBtu in 2024, representing a 14 percent
decline from 2023, although IT remained nearly twice as high
as the 2016 to 2020 five-year average.
2.3. Global Petrochemical Market

In 2024, the global petrochemical sector grappled with
persistent supply-demand imbalances and heightened price
volatility. Rapid capacity expansions, especially in Asia and
the Middle East, significantly outpaced demand growth,
creating oversupplied markets for major petrochemicals
such as ethylene and propylene. This imbalance drove down
product prices and squeezed profit margins, particularly
affecting the naphtha-based producers in Europe and Asia.
2.4. Electric Mobility

The global electric vehicle (EV) market maintained strong
momentum in 2024, with electric car sales exceeding 17
Million units, a 25 percent increase over 2023, bringing EVs
to over 20 percent of total new car sales worldwide. The
global EV fleet reached 58 Million, tripling since 2021 and
displacing over 1.3 Million barrels of oil per day (MBPD).
China led the transition, accounting for over 11 Million EV
sales, or nearly half of all car sales in the country. IT also
remained the world s EV manufacturing hub, producing
more than 70 percent of global electric cars. In contrast,
Europe s EV sales plateaued, holding at a 20 percent market
share, as subsidies and supportive policies tapered off. The
United States saw a 10 percent year-on-year increase, with
EVs reaching over 10 percent of new car sales.

Globally, electric vehicle prices declined, driven by lower
critical mineral costs and rising competition among battery
manufacturers. Battery pack prices dropped by around 30
percent in China and by 10-15 percent in Europe and the
U.S., although a purchase price gap with conventional cars
still persisted in many markets. To support rising adoption,
public EV charging infrastructure doubled over the past
two years. Despite policy and market uncertainties, EVs are
expected to account for over 40 percent of global car sales
by 2030, projected to displace over 5 MBPD of oil.
2.5. Low Carbon Energy

Despite
geopolitical
policy
headwinds,
global
investment in the low-carbon energy transition reached a
record $2.1 trillion in 2024, an 11 percent increase year-on-
year, driven by electrified transport, renewables, power grids
and energy storage. However, growth slowed compared to
previous years which remained in the range of 24 percent to
29 percent between 2021 and 2023. Investment in emerging
clean energy sectors, such as hydrogen and Carbon Capture
and Storage (CCS) saw a dip compared to 2023.

In 2024, global renewable energy capacity saw its largest
annual increase, with 585 GW added, marking a 15.1
percent growth and bringing renewables to 46 percent of
total installed power capacity. Solar power led the surge,
accounting for over three-quarters of new additions with
a record 452 GW, followed by 113 GW of wind energy.
Renewables accounted for 92.5 percent of new global
Statutory Reports

power capacity. However, growth was uneven - China, U.S.
and EU made up over 83 percent, while Africa contributed
just 0.7 percent and India 4.9 percent of the growth.

In
2024,
global
biofuels
sector
experienced
significant growth, driven by policy support, technological
advancements and increasing demand for cleaner energy.
Global biofuels demand grew by 2.7 percent in 2024,
reaching a record 2.2 Million barrels of oil equivalent per day.
The Asia Pacific region led this growth, with India s demand
rising sharply by 38 percent. On the production front, global
output expanded by over 8 percent, with the United States
contributing the largest share at 37 percent. India s share of
total global biofuel production stood at 3.1 percent, whereas
consumption stood at 3.5 percent.
3.
INDIAN ENERGY SECTOR

India, the world s third-largest energy consumer, continues
to experience strong growth in energy demand across
power, transport and renewables.

India s primary energy demand in 2024 rose by 4.3 percent
year-on-year, higher than the ten-year average growth rate
of 3.9 percent. This increase underscores the country s
ongoing economic growth, accelerating industrial activity
and expanding energy access across key sectors such
as power, transport and industry. Looking ahead, India s
primary energy demand is projected to nearly double by
2050, positioning the country as a key driver of global energy
consumption growth. All major energy sources are expected
to play a critical role in meeting this expanding demand.
However, the most substantial growth is anticipated in the
renewable energy segment, driven by falling technology
costs, policy support and India s long-term climate goals.

During 2024-25, domestic crude oil production declined to
28.7 MMT from 29.4 MMT during the previous year, whereas
crude oil imports rose by 3.7 percent year-on-year to 243
MMT to meet growing demand, further increasing India s
import dependency to approximately 88 percent. Refinery
operations maintained positive momentum. India s refinery
capacity increased by 1.3 MMTPA to reach 258.1 MMTPA.
Throughput rose to 267.3 MMT, a 2.2 percent increase
over 2023-24, reflecting improved capacity utilisation and
sustained demand for petroleum products. Petroleum
product (POL) imports also rose to 51.3 MMT during the year
from 48.7 MMT in 2023-24, while POL exports increased to
65.1 MMT from 62.6 MMT registered during the previous year,
indicating strong performance in refined product markets
and robust external demand for Indian petroleum exports.

In 2024-25, refined petroleum product demand rose by 2.1 percent, reaching 239.2 Million metric tonnes (MMT). This marked a
moderation from the robust growth rates of 10.6 percent in 2022-23 and 5.0 percent growth in 2023-24.
India s Oil - Demand Supply Trend (in MMT)

Source: Petroleum Planning & Analysis Cell (PPAC), Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas
FY-(21-22)
FY-(22-23)
FY-(23-24)
FY-(24-25)
Crude Oil Production
Crude Oil Import
Refinery Throughput
POL Imports
POL Exports
62.8
62.6
65.1
44.6
48.7
51.3
241.7
255.2
261.5
267.3
212.4
232.7
234.3
29.7
29.2
29.4
28.7
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Within the transport fuels segment, Motor Spirit (MS) consumption increased by 7.5 percent to 40 MMT, while Aviation Turbine Fuel
(ATF) demand grew by 8.9 percent, reaching 9 MMT. In contrast, High-Speed Diesel (HSD) demand saw a subdued growth of 2.0
percent, totalling 91.4 MMT, down from 4.3 percent growth registered in the previous financial year.

The sustained demand for road transport fuels was
supported by a 6.5 percent rise in new vehicle registrations,
whereas India s aviation sector continued to demonstrate
strong recovery and expansion post-pandemic, emerging
as a key growth driver. In the aviation sector, domestic air
passenger traffic grew by 7.7 percent over 2023-24 and
was 16.8 percent higher than the pre-COVID level recorded
in 2019-20. Air cargo volumes too saw a strong rise, with
international cargo increasing by 39 percent and domestic
cargo registering a 4.7 percent growth during the year.

Among other major products, Liquefied Petroleum Gas
(LPG) maintained its upward trajectory, growing by 5.6
percent to 31.3 MMT. On the other hand, bitumen sales
declined by 5.4 percent year-on-year, totalling 8.3 MMT,
reflecting moderation in road construction activity.

Natural gas consumption in India grew by 5.6 percent
in 2024-25, reaching 71.3 Billion Cubic Metres (BCM),
following a strong rebound of over 10 percent in 2023-24.
However, domestic production remained flat during the year
at 35.6 BCM, indicating continued reliance on imports to
meet rising demand. India s LNG imports rose significantly
by 12.3 percent to 35.7 BCM in 2024-25, supported by
relatively lower global LNG prices. With this growth, India
retained its position as the world s fourth-largest LNG
importer, accounting for nearly 7 percent of global LNG
trade (CY2024), reinforcing its status as a key destination
for long-term LNG suppliers.

India s petrochemical industry is at a critical inflection point,
driven by strong domestic demand growth and mounting
global margin pressures. Valued at USD 220 Billion, the
sector contributes ~6 percent to GDP. During the year,
demand for major petrochemical products in India rose
to 40.6 MMTPA from 38.4 MMTPA in 2023-24, reflecting
a year-on-year growth of about 5.7 percent. Despite 8
percent average annual demand growth, India remains
import-reliant, sourcing ~45 percent of petrochemical
intermediates, especially in segments like C4 rubbers,
styrenics and acrylics. However, over USD 124 Billion in
planned investments, including more than USD 25 Billion
in refinery-led integration, are expected to reduce the
USD 88.6 Billion import bill. With per capita consumption at
just 12 kg (one-third of the global average), India will likely
need around 10 new crackers in the next 15 years to meet
demand and boost self-reliance.

India s electric vehicle (EV) market grew strongly in 2024-
25, with sales nearing 2 Million units, up 17 percent from
2023-24. Electric two-wheelers (E2Ws) dominated the
Indian EV market with nearly 60 percent of total sales of
around 1.2 Million units, reflecting a strong year-on-year
growth of 21 percent. Electric passenger vehicles (ePVs),
including electric cars and SUVs, recorded their best-ever
performance with more than one Lakh units sold, marking
an 18 percent year-on-year increase. However, EV four-
wheeler penetration in India remains modest at 2.5 percent.
Electric bus sales remained flat during the year. Following
the expiry of FAME II scheme, the government launched
the ₹10,900 Crore PM E-DRIVE Scheme to promote e-2Ws,
e-3Ws, e-buses, e-trucks and e-ambulances (excluding
electric cars), with ₹2,000 Crore allocated for scaling
up public charging infrastructure aiming for ~72,000
charging stations.
FY-(22-23)
FY-(23-24)
FY-(24-25)
10.6
0.9
12.1
13.4
-8.2
-4.8
-5.4
-6.2
-1
47.1
2.9
11.1
28.7
5.0
4.1
-67.2
-2.1
-14.6
4.3
6.4
13.8
12.0
9.5
10.8
2.1
5.6
7.5
8.9
8.6
Major Petroleum Products Consumption (% Y-o-Y Growth)

Source: Petroleum Planning & Analysis Cell, Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas
Total POL
LPG
SKO
HSD
MS
Naphtha
ATF
Bitumen
FO & LSHS
Petcoke
Statutory Reports

India's peak power demand reached a record high of 250
GW, underscoring the country s accelerating economic
growth and rising electrification. In 2024-25, total installed
power generation capacity increased by 34 GW, reaching
475 GW. A significant driver of this growth was the record
addition of 29.5 GW in renewable energy capacity, pushing
the total installed renewable energy (RE) capacity to 220
GW (including large hydro), which includes 105.6 GW of
solar and 50 GW of wind power. In a major development,
the government approved ₹7,453 Crore to establish India's
first offshore wind projects. To strengthen grid resilience
and support RE integration, ₹3,760 Crore was also allocated
for developing 4,000 MWh of Battery Energy Storage
Systems (BESS).

The Government is scaling up implementation of the
National Green Hydrogen Mission, with a total outlay of
₹19,744 Crore. Tenders have been awarded for establishing
4.12 Lakh tonnes per annum of green hydrogen production
capacity and 1,500 MW of electrolyser manufacturing
capacity. The mission aims to make India a global hub
for green hydrogen production and exports. To strengthen
energy transition supply chains, the Government launched
the National Critical Mineral Mission (NCMM) on April 9,
2025, following its approval on January 29, 2025. With a
planned investment of ₹34,300 Crore, the mission aims to
ensure domestic availability of critical minerals, spanning
entire value chain - from exploration to recycling.

On the biofuel front, Ethanol blending in petrol continued to
make significant progress with the industry reaching 18.8
percent blending during the Ethanol Supply Year (ESY) 2024-
25 (Nov 24 -May 25). Notably, over 50 percent of the ethanol
supplied during this period was derived from non-sugarcane
sources, reflecting a shift towards diversified feedstock.
These developments underscore India's strong momentum
toward achieving the 20 percent ethanol blending target
ahead of schedule.
4.
NAVIGATING
THE
EVOLVING
ENERGY
LANDSCAPE: OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES

India faces a dual challenge - balancing its developmental
aspirations with climate commitments. As the country
works toward achieving Net-Zero emissions by 2070, IT
must simultaneously ensure affordable, secure and reliable
energy access for its population. This dual challenge of
more energy and less carbon opens lot of opportunities for
both conventional and low carbon sources of energy. While
oil and gas will continue to play a significant role in India s
energy mix, low carbon alternatives such as natural gas,
renewables, green hydrogen and biofuels including ethanol,
compressed biogas and sustainable aviation fuel are
expected to be critical in decarbonizing the transportation
and industrial sectors.

Opportunities

India as a Global Demand Driver: India is set to
contribute nearly 2 Million barrels/day of oil demand
growth by 2035, becoming the world s largest source of
incremental oil demand.

Petrochemical Market Expansion: India s chemicals
and petrochemicals market could triple to $1 trillion by
2040, accounting for over 10 percent of global growth.
This underlines the urgency for import substitution and
domestic capacity expansion.

Expanding Gas Access - Demand Growth Meets Global
Supply Opportunity: India s rising natural gas demand -
projected to reach 103 BCM annually by 2030 - offers a
significant opportunity, driven by industrial growth and a
policy shift towards cleaner fuels in power and transport.
This demand outlook aligns with a global LNG supply
expansion expected between 2024 and 2029, which
could enhance supply availability and improve pricing and
contract terms for Indian buyers, supporting more secure
and affordable gas access.

Renewable Energy Push: Under the National Electricity
Plan, India targets over 600 gigawatts of renewable energy
capacity by 2032, presenting a significant opportunity for
oil and gas companies to diversify into clean energy. This
growth is supported by policy enablers such as Renewable
Purchase Obligations (RPOs), Renewable Generation
Obligations (RGOs), the Production Linked Incentive (PLI)
scheme and waivers on Inter-State Transmission System
(ISTS) charges - all designed to attract investment and
accelerate renewable deployment across sectors.

Biofuels & Blending Mandates: Ethanol blending
mandates, phased SAF blending (1 percent by 2027, 2
percent by 2028 and 5 percent by 2030 for international
flights under CORSIA) and CBG in CNG (Transport) & PNG
(Domestic) segments of CGD sector (1 percent in 2025-
26 and ramping up to 5 percent by 2028-29) mandates
and export potential for green fuels like SAF and green
ammonia present strong opportunities for domestic
production, technology deployment and investment in
low-carbon energy.

Digitalisation and Smart Infrastructure: Increasing
adoption of AI, IoT and automation in refining, distribution
and customer interface offers significant efficiency gains
and new revenue models.

EV Market Growth - New Avenues for Energy Players
India s rapidly expanding electric vehicle (EV) market
presents a strategic opportunity for oil and gas
companies to diversify into emerging segments such
as battery manufacturing, charging infrastructure and
battery swapping.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Challenges

Import Dependence & price fluctuations: India s growing
reliance on imported oil and gas remains a critical energy
security challenge. Crude oil import, now at around 88
percent, poses a key challenge, increasing exposure to
global price volatility and supply disruptions. Domestic
gas production is projected to grow only modestly by
2030, necessitating a sharp rise in LNG imports, further
deepening external reliance.

Petrochemical Margin Compression: Weak demand in
China and oversupply from new global capacities are
expected to keep petrochemical margins under pressure.
Indian standalone units which are reliant on imports
are particularly exposed, while integrated refiners with
domestic feedstocks are better insulated.

EV Disruption: The rise of cost-competitive EVs presents
a risk to long-term fuel demand, though the pace and
scale of adoption remain uncertain.

Critical Mineral Dependence: The transition to cleaner
fuels, especially batteries, electrolysers and solar, requires
access to critical minerals (lithium, cobalt, rare earths),
exposing India to new forms of import dependency
and price risks.

Scaling Clean Technologies - Cost, Maturity and Financing
Hurdles: Shift to low-carbon fuels is constrained by high
costs, immature technologies and financing gaps. Green
hydrogen remains significantly costlier than blue, limiting
early adoption. Key solutions like CCUS, green hydrogen
electrolysers and SAF lack commercial scale and cost
competitiveness. India s transition demands urgent
grid upgrades, faster deployment and equitable energy
access. Additionally, high upfront investment needs and
limited access to affordable financing hinder the scale-up
of these technologies.

India continues to reinforce its position as a global economic
powerhouse, maintaining its status as the fastest-growing
major economy in the world. India is set to become the
fourth-largest economy globally by 2025-26, surpassing
Japan, a milestone driven by robust domestic demand,
structural reforms and demographic advantages.

On the energy front, India is currently the third-largest energy
consumer in the world. As the nation advances towards its
vision of becoming a Viksit Bharat (Developed India) by
2047, its energy demand is projected to double by 2050
taking its share of global energy mix to 12 percent by 2050
from current level of 6.5 percent.

For energy companies like IndianOil, this scenario presents
a significant opportunity to meet the nation s conventional
energy needs while increasing investments in low-carbon
and green energy solutions. The ability to support India s
development goals while advancing the shift to cleaner
energy will be a key factor shaping the country s future
energy landscape.
5.
INDIANOIL S STRATEGIC VISION: POWERING
INDIA S ENERGY FUTURE

As the country s foremost energy provider, IndianOil is
poised to expand its share in India s primary energy supply
from the current 9 percent to 12.5 percent by 2050, while
also achieving its operational Net-Zero target by 2046. This
growth trajectory not only strengthens IndianOil s identity as
The Energy of India but also positions the Company at the
forefront of shaping India s evolving energy landscape.

In response to the challenge of fulfilling increasing energy
requirements while also advancing the energy transition,
IndianOil has formulated a comprehensive long-term
strategy built on three pillars: Strengthening the Core, Scaling
Through Strategic Diversification and Integration and
Steering Toward Sustainability and Net-Zero. These pillars
underscore IndianOil s unwavering commitment to securing
energy availability, achieving operational excellence and
championing sustainable, low-carbon solutions aligned with
India s national priorities and global climate commitments.
IndianOil is executing over 160 projects,
each> ₹5 Crore, with total project cost
exceeding ₹2.6 Lakh Crore, on Standalone
basis and through its Joint Ventures
and Subsidiaries
5.1. Strengthening Core Businesses

Under the "Strengthening Core Businesses" pillar, the
emphasis is on maintaining its dominance in the Refining
and Marketing space. IT includes expanding refinery capacity
to meet India s rising energy needs and ensuring energy
security for the nation. Oil demand in India is expected to
grow steadily through 2040, fuelled by increasing vehicle
ownership, expanding air travel and higher demand for
plastics, even as the country progresses in adopting
electrified transport systems.

Refining

In alignment with India's rising energy needs and long-term
oil demand outlook, IndianOil has set a target to scale up
its total refining capacity to 98.4 Million metric tonnes per
annum (MMTPA) by 2028, from 80.75 MMTPA currently.
This capacity expansion is anchored in India's robust
economic fundamentals, growing consumer aspirations and
the critical need to ensure energy security in a transforming
global landscape.
Statutory Reports

Several major projects are underway to support this goal.
The Panipat Refinery expansion, a flagship initiative, will
raise capacity from 15 MMTPA to 25 MMTPA. Similarly,
the Gujarat Refinery (Koyali) is being augmented from
13.7 MMTPA to 18 MMTPA, aiming to meet the rising
demand for petroleum and petrochemical products in
Western India. Similarly, expansion of Digboi Refinery and
Barauni Refinery is being undertaken to strengthen the fuel
supply to eastern region. These projects are scheduled
for completion progressively by 2026-27. Simultaneously,
the Company is striving to elevate its refineries of the
Solomon Benchmarking Index by driving focused initiatives
through dedicated Profitability, Efficiency and Reliability
Improvement. The capacity expansions will not only help
IndianOil to grow by fulfilling ever increasing domestic
demand but also position itself as an exporter of refined
petroleum products.

Petrochemicals

As the global refining sector adapts to changing energy
dynamics, petrochemical integration is becoming a vital
strategy for sustaining competitiveness and long-term
viability. Its ability to produce higher-value chemical products
and adapt to evolving market needs makes IT better equipped
to handle potential declines in transport fuel demand.

IndianOil, with a current petrochemical production capacity
of 4.3 Million metric tonnes per annum, has laid out an
ambitious roadmap to become a leading player in this
space targeting over 13 MMTPA of petrochemical capacity
by 2030. This marks a strategic shift from traditional fuel-
focused operations to a more diversified portfolio with a
higher share of value-added chemical products.

A key focus of this expansion is the development of high-
margin specialty chemicals. IndianOil is striving to achieve
25 percent of its new petrochemical capacity i.e. around
3 MMTPA to specialty chemicals by 2030. This not only
enhances profitability but also aligns with national objectives
of reducing reliance on costly imports. In addition, IndianOil is
positioning itself as a sustainability-focused petrochemical
player. The Company has introduced Cycloplast, its brand of
polymer recyclates and aims to build a production capacity
of 1 MMTPA in this segment by 2028.

IndianOil is actively advancing its petrochemicals integration
through a series of ongoing and newly approved projects.
After the stage 1 approval of Paradip Petrochemical
Complex in Odisha in 2022-23, several key initiatives are
underway such as polypropylene units at Panipat, Barauni
and Gujarat, along with an Acrylics/Oxo Alcohol complex at
Gujarat Refinery and a PX-PTA complex at Paradip. Several
planned projects such as textile-oriented petrochemical
complex at Bhadrak (through a joint venture), a Propylene
Recovery Unit at Haldia and an Ethylene Purification Unit
with a Gas Phase Reactor at the Paradip Polypropylene plant
will further expand this portfolio. Apart from organic growth,
IndianOil is also exploring the acquisition of specialty
chemicals businesses.

Pipelines

Alongside its refinery and petrochemical expansions,
IndianOil is strengthening its pipeline infrastructure to ensure
efficient product movement across the country. During the
year, 261 Km of new pipelines were commissioned, extending
the network over 20,000 Km. With 21 projects underway, the
network is set to expand further to over 22,000 Km. During
the year IndianOil signed two B2B agreements with Nepal
Oil Corporation, paving the way for major cross-border
projects such as the Motihari-Chitwan pipeline extension, a
new Siliguri-Jhapa pipeline and storage terminals.

Marketing

To meet the country s rising fuel demand, IndianOil is
strengthening its marketing infrastructure by expanding
storage
facilities
last-mile
connectivity,
while
simultaneously modernising its retail network. During
the year 2,823 new retail outlets were added, pushing the
total network past 40,000. IndianOil enhanced marketing
infrastructure with key additions including a new grassroot
POL Terminal at Malkapur, Telangana, connected to the
Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline (PHPL), a captive jetty at
Kamarajar Port, Ennore, Tamil Nadu, enhancing coastal
logistics capabilities and an additional bitumen tank at the
Barauni Bitumen Plant - all completed during 2024-25 to
boost reach and logistics efficiency.

IndianOil s iconic SERVO lubricants expanded its global
footprint to 45 countries, underlining the Company s
growing presence in international markets. The Company
also targets a significant increase in lube sales by 2028,
with a sharper focus on value-added services, customised
solutions and enhanced customer experience across
all touchpoints.

A breakthrough was achieved in institutional sales,
where IndianOil successfully introduced Hydraulic Oil
SERVOHYDREX TH 46 Plus at ONGC s Mehsana and
Ahmedabad units, replacing imported alternatives from
multinational brands. Similarly, the export of AVGAS 100
LL to Pertamina in Indonesia and Padma Oil in Bangladesh
marked an expansion of IndianOil s aviation fuel footprint in
the global arena.

However, in a rapidly evolving retail landscape, agility and
a sharper focus on profitability have become essential.
IndianOil is prioritising growth in market share across key
segments, improving per-pump throughput and significantly
scaling up revenue from its Non-Fuel Retail (NFR) business.
The Company also aims to increase bitumen sales volumes
under its B2B sales portfolio. Additionally, the Company aims
to bolster its logistics through partnerships, both in India and
abroad and doubling growth in marine bunkering by 2028.

Strengthen Customer Focus

Customers have always remained the Company s priority.
As one of the largest customer-facing organisations in the
country, IndianOil serves 3.2 Crore customers daily through
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Academy on Wheels
IndianOil launched four Academy on
Wheels buses - one per region - on
April 22, 2024, equipped with AR/VR,
digital displays and CCTV to deliver
immersive, on-site training to customer
attendants and channel partners.
its retail outlets, refills over 27 Lakh LPG cylinders per day and fuels more than 2,800 flights every day at 130 airports. IndianOil
continues to work round the clock to enhance its services. From expanding service touchpoints to introducing value-added
offerings and leveraging digital platforms, the Company remains committed to delivering convenience, reliability and a superior
service experience.

IndianOil is focused on reinforcing customer-centricity through three broad objectives: becoming the preferred choice for both
retail and institutional customers, expanding its customer base across emerging and high-potential segments and scaling up
innovative offerings that resonate with evolving consumer expectations.

During the year, the Company introduced Chhotu Master , a
compact, BIS-certified LPG cooktop that mounts directly on
the Chhotu (5 kg Free Trade LPG cylinder), eliminating the
need for a regulator or hose. Since its launch, over 48,000
units have been sold. Strengthening the initiative further,
IndianOil inaugurated India s first exclusive Chhotu Shopee
in Ahmedabad - a small-format LPG retail outlet designed to
boost brand visibility and improve last-mile access in high-
footfall locations. Initiatives such as One Team One Goal
- Graahak Vriddhi - Acquire 360 and Academy on Wheels
reflect IndianOil s inclusive, customer-focused approach
aimed at upskilling customer attendants and expanding
its customer base.
Apna Ghar
138 driver-centric
"Apna Ghar facilities
completed under PM 1000
project, achieving 100%
of 2024-25 target
Co-branded Credit Card
Offering fuel cashback
via IndianOil ONE App
ITPS Expansion
Onboarded additional ITPS
vendor to boost network
reliability across ROs.
Fleet Card Simplification
Introduced customer
self-enrolment pilot for
XTRAPOWER Fleet Card
Hyperlocal Outreach
Launched Google-based
listings, Q&A and sentiment
tracking to enhance
digital visibility
XtraRewards Enhancement
Integrated GyFTR aggregator
for wider partner access
and reward redemption
Comprehensive NFR Portal
Streamlined NFR operations
through digital integration of
space, contracts and billing
Highway Networking Revamp
183 dealers identified in Phase
1 to enhance customer-centric
amenities along highways;
target 300 by 2025-26
Customer
Centric
Initiatives
Statutory Reports

Leveraging
its
strong
research
development
capabilities, the Company introduced several high-value
products that reflect its commitment to quality and self-
reliance. After launching India s first FIM Category 2 Racing
Fuels STORM for bikes in 2023-24, the Company unveiled
STORM-X during the 2024-25, a high-octane fuel tailored for
motorsports, at the Madras International Circuit, Chennai.
These initiatives not only strengthen IndianOil s brand in
niche segments but also reflect its innovation-led approach
to premium offerings.
One Team One Goal - Graahak
Vriddhi - Acquire 360
Launched on 1st January 2025, the
initiative unifies efforts across Retail
Sales,
LPG,
Institutional
Business
Lubes
drive
customer
base expansion.

As part of this forward-looking approach, the Company is
broadening its customer-centric initiatives by expanding
product and service offerings, reimagining delivery models and
empowering frontline teams to deliver seamless, high-quality
service experiences. Enhanced feedback mechanisms and
digital-first interactions are being developed to create more
responsive, efficient and cost-effective customer touchpoints.

Cost Leadership

In an increasingly competitive energy market, cost
leadership is crucial, not just for profitability, but also for
sustaining long-term value creation across the supply chain.

Achieving cost competitiveness in LPG operations and
aviation fuelling remains a key priority for IndianOil. The
Company is undertaking a multi-pronged approach to
enhance efficiency in bottling operations and aviation
fuelling by improving productivity, rationalising material
usage and strengthening in-house capabilities for allied
services. These efforts are aimed at significantly reducing
bottling and aviation fuelling costs while ensuring continued
reliable and affordable service to our stakeholders.

IndianOil also aims to gain cost leadership across its
marketing businesses through smarter procurement,
logistics
optimisation,
data-driven
decision-making
and automation. This includes process re-engineering,
digitization and streamlining interfaces across customer
touchpoints to reduce transaction and service costs.

On the infrastructure front, IndianOil is prioritising the
optimisation of repair and maintenance cost (R&M)
across all operations. Through the adoption of predictive
maintenance, smarter material utilisation and advanced
technology-enabled monitoring systems, the Company is
working to boost operational efficiency while maintaining
stringent cost discipline.

Equally important is the Company s resolve to ensure timely
execution of capital projects within approved cost estimates.
Staying on schedule and budget not only enhances returns
but also ensures quicker service to markets and better asset
utilisation. These cost optimisation efforts are integral to
reinforcing IndianOil s competitive edge while aligning with
its broader vision of sustainable and value-driven growth.
5.2. Scaling
up
Through
Strategic
Diversification
and Integration

IndianOil is actively diversifying its portfolio to align with the
evolving energy landscape, ensuring energy security and
access while advancing the energy transition.

In the upstream sector, IndianOil holds a strategic portfolio
of 25 assets, 14 domestic and 11 overseas, including
nine producing fields. In 2024-25, the Company s share of
production rose to 4.45 Mtoe from 4.26 Mtoe during the
previous year, driven by the start of commercial production
from the BK-CBM-2001/1 block in Jharkhand and ramp-up in
Canada s PNW project. In the long run IndianOil aims to scale
up production and is actively pursuing new opportunities
through licensing rounds and farm-in arrangements, both in
India and abroad.

IndianOil is strategically positioned to scale up its
presence in India's high-growth natural gas sector, aiming
to significantly expand its market share and sales volume
in the coming years. The Company aims to increase its
natural gas sales by 2 to 3 times by the end of this decade
through aggressive infrastructure development and market
expansion. To ensure supply security and long-term
competitiveness, IndianOil is entering into strategic LNG
procurement agreements with global players - including 1.2
MMTPA from Abu Dhabi Gas Liquefaction Company for 14
years, 0.8 MMTPA from TotalEnergies for 10 years and a
proposed 1 MMTPA agreement with ADNOC for 15 years.

IndianOil is focused on enhancing the profitability of its
City Gas Distribution (CGD) business. Along with its joint
ventures, IndianOil Adani Gas Private Limited and Green
Gas Limited, the Company has presence in 49 geographical
areas across 115 districts in 21 states and union territories,
positioning IT among India s leading CGD players. On a
standalone basis, IndianOil holds authorisations for 26
geographical areas spanning 78 districts in 11 states and
UTs, all of which are currently operational. The Company
has set a target to ensure all its CGD geographical areas
achieve profitability by 2028.

As part of its forward-looking strategy, IndianOil is also
investing in LNG bunkering, small-scale LNG infrastructure
and the promotion of LNG as a transport fuel. IndianOil has
commissioned six LNG stations, including one for CONCOR.
Additionally, four more LNG stations have been completed
for Petronet LNG. To augment LNG import infrastructure to
support growing demand, IndianOil s joint venture, IndianOil
LNG Private Limited, plans to double the capacity of the
Ennore LNG terminal to 10 MMTPA.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Expanding into New Horizons
To drive strategic growth and pursue
inorganic
expansion,
IndianOil
is
establishing a dedicated M&A Cell, along
with a Trading Desk to strengthen its
commercial capabilities. The Company
is also exploring opportunities in
the data centre segment, leveraging
its existing fibre optic network. In
parallel, IT is evaluating prospects in
the critical minerals space to support
emerging energy technologies and
secure future value chains. To enhance
its global supply chain footprint,
IndianOil plans to develop import-
export-ready infrastructure along the
eastern and western coasts of India,
with a strategic eye on expanding into
high-potential international markets,
especially in Africa and to venture
into shipping business to strengthen
logistics integration.

Forging a Path to Green Growth

With a strategic focus on natural gas, renewables, electric
mobility, biofuels, green hydrogen and nuclear energy, the
Company is positioning itself as a key player in India s
energy transition.

IndianOil is scaling up its renewable energy efforts through
both organic and inorganic means, aiming for 18 GW of
capacity by 2028 and 31 GW by 2030. To drive the ambition
of development of green energy portfolio, the Company
has established a dedicated green energy subsidiary, Terra
Clean Limited (TCL). In the initial phase, TCL would set up
1 GW RE projects which would be further scaled upto 5.3
GW. To further catalyze growth, IndianOil is also exploring
collaboration opportunities with leading Solar entities as
well as Power transmission utilities for joint development of
renewable energy projects.

Under its forward-looking biofuel strategy, IndianOil aims to
deepen its commitment to sustainable mobility by scaling
up ethanol blending and expanding next-generation biofuel
capabilities. E20 (20 percent Ethanol-blended petrol) was
launched nationwide in December 2024, thus achieving a
record 19.1 percent ethanol blending in ESY 2024-25 (Nov
24 - May 25). Ethanol is also being produced from the
Company s 2G Ethanol plant at Panipat. SATAT (Sustainable
Alternative Towards Affordable Transportation) remains
a key focus area for IndianOil, as the Company takes the
lead in implementing this Government of India initiative by
facilitating the establishment of CBG plants by entrepreneurs
to supply Compressed Biogas to its retail outlets and direct
customers. In parallel, IndianOil is setting up 30 CBG plants
through joint ventures and aims to achieve a Compressed
Biogas production capacity of 50 KTPA by 2028. In line
with the upcoming 2027 CORSIA mandate, IndianOil is
spearheading India s Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
roadmap with the country s first commercial-scale SAF plant
(86.8 KTPA) being set up at Panipat, using ethanol feedstock
and LanzaJet s Alcohol-to-Jet technology. Additionally,
SAF-blended ATF production is planned targeting 30 KTPA
of neat SAF with up to 5 percent co-processing of Used
Cooking Oil (UCO) - positioning IndianOil as a frontrunner in
green aviation fuel. In line with the National Green Hydrogen
Mission, the Company is setting up a 10 KTPA electrolyser-
based green hydrogen plant at its Panipat Refinery.

IndianOil is rapidly expanding its footprint in the electric
mobility sector, with its EV charging network already
exceeding 13,600 stations across the country. As part of its
forward-looking strategy, the Company is now intensifying
efforts in battery-swapping technologies. In partnership
with Sun Mobility Pte Ltd, Singapore, IndianOil established
a 50:50 joint venture - Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited
(ISEPL) in July 2024 to lead its battery-swapping initiatives.
After deploying 222 Quick Interchange Stations (QIS) in
2024-25, bringing the total network to 865 QIS by March
2025, ISEPL aims to accelerate this momentum with a
target of installing an additional 1,800 QIS in 2025-26.

As part of its niche yet growing portfolio, IndianOil s
Explosives and Cryogenics businesses are advancing
steadily in scale and capability. The Explosives segment
continued to strengthen its presence with the commissioning
of a new plant at Neyveli, Tamil Nadu, while greenfield
projects in Telangana and Maharashtra are underway to
support future expansion. As India s rising power demand
is expected to drive higher coal production, the segment
is well-positioned for growth, with increasing demand
for explosives. IndianOil s Cryogenics business achieved
key milestones in 2024-25, including export orders and a
landmark government contract and is now evolving into a
total LNG solutions provider. With a new manufacturing unit
at Dindori coming up, the Cryogenic business is set to tap
into emerging opportunities in clean fuel infrastructure.
5.3. Steering Towards Sustainability and Net-Zero

In alignment with international commitments, India has
set a target to achieve Net-Zero emissions by 2070. As the
nation s largest energy Company, IndianOil is contributing
to this goal by aiming to achieve Net-Zero operational
emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2046, marking 100 years of
India s independence.
Statutory Reports

Innovation through Research & Development

IndianOil is accelerating technology integration and
innovation to offer cleaner energy solutions, unlock new
value, boost self-reliance and future-proof its operations.
Central to this effort is the IndianOil R&D Centre, a key driver
of product and process innovation across the energy value
chain, enhancing competitiveness in existing sectors while
enabling growth in emerging ones. The R&D function is also
being repositioned as a strategic profit centre, focused on
innovation-led revenue and value creation.

To reduce reliance on foreign licensors, IndianOil has
strengthened its in-house refining and catalyst technology
capabilities. Highlights include successful field trials of
the i-ZN22 PP catalyst at Paradip Refinery and increasing
market traction for XtraFlo DRA, enhancing pipeline
efficiency. The in-house-developed INDScan iPIG tool has
assessed over 4,500 Km of pipelines in 2024, significantly
boosting infrastructure integrity.

Product innovation is addressing future mobility demands,
with specialised offerings like Servo Futura eV Grease
and Servo Futura eV Trans 75W-90 for electric vehicles.
High-performance fuels such as STORM-X, along with
nano-additized products like Propane Plus and XtraBoost,
reflect IndianOil s adaptability to evolving consumer needs.
In nanotechnology, the NanoKoat-I coating offers robust
corrosion protection for coastal and harsh environments.

Looking ahead, IndianOil is also integrating innovation
with sustainability. The commercial rollout of Surya Nutan
solar cookstoves has commenced through empanelled
vendors, with carbon financing support via a partnership
with EKI Energy Services Ltd. Trials of 15 fuel cell buses, are
underway on designated routes in Delhi-NCR and Vadodara,
marking a step toward cleaner public transport solutions.

To fuel long-term innovation, IndianOil R&D is establishing
a second New Energy Centre in Faridabad, focused on
Alternative & Renewable Energy, Corrosion Research,
Nanotechnology and Synthetic Biology. Additionally, its
Start-up Funding Scheme has incubated 42 start-ups to date,
generating 86 IPRs, underscoring IndianOil s commitment
to building a vibrant energy innovation ecosystem.

Digitalisation for Operational Excellence

IndianOil continued to make significant strides in its
digital transformation journey during the year, reinforcing
operational efficiency, data-driven decision-making, demand
forecasting and efficient supply chain management.

A major milestone was migrating the Integrated Refinery
Accounting System (IRAS) to the public cloud, improving
scalability, uptime and data security. Tools like the I-Pulse
Portal and real-time dashboards have enabled smarter
decision-making. Meanwhile, automation via Robotic
Process Automation (RPA) has streamlined processes
across LPG, retail, logistics and network expansion. These
advancements underscore IndianOil s digital excellence and
operational resilience.

A suite of data-driven digital initiatives is reshaping
operations - ranging from AI-based demand forecasting and
SMART terminal systems for streamlined inventory and fuel
Isomerisation Bench Scale Unit at IndianOil R&D Centre
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

handling, to drone-based surveillance for enhanced pipeline
safety. Tools like the Integrated Planning Optimisation
Management System (IPOMS) are enabling enterprise-wide
planning and operational efficiency.
6.
CHARTING
THE
FUTURE
TRANSLATING
STRATEGY INTO ACTION

The fast-changing dynamics of the global energy ecosystem,
characterized by technological disruption, Decarbonisation
imperatives and shifting consumer expectations require
greater agility and sharper focus. To stay aligned with
these shifts, IT is essential to regularly reassess long-
term strategies. Accordingly, IndianOil has introduced
Project SPRINT, a transformational medium-term strategy
that outlines ambitious, results-oriented targets to be
achieved by 2028.

Project SPRINT is not merely a roadmap but a strategic
shift towards a future-ready IndianOil. IT focuses on six core
dimensions: Strengthening core businesses, Propelling cost
optimisation to boost profitability, Reinforcing customer-
centricity, Integrating technology and innovation, Nurturing
leadership and talent and Transitioning towards cleaner
energy. This initiative aims to streamline operations, enhance
efficiency, prepare for shifts in the energy sector and building
a high-performance, agile organisational culture.

IndianOil envisions Project SPRINT as a bridge between
today s realities and tomorrow s possibilities. IT enables
the Company to pivot decisively, from being a traditional
oil major to a modern, integrated energy enterprise, while
staying true to its core value of Nation-First and delivering
value to all stakeholders. As IndianOil continues to
implement its SPRINT strategy, the focus is on sustaining
growth while navigating a rapidly evolving energy landscape.
Key operational challenges include managing large-scale
projects, maintaining capital discipline, optimising costs,
strengthening
customer
engagement and
balancing
growth with profitability amid rising competition and
market volatility. Expanding market presence across both
traditional and transition energy segments remains central
to the Company s medium- and long-term vision.

To address emerging challenges and translate the SRPINT
strategy into action, IndianOil has put suitable enablers
in place across financial, operational, human capital and
technological domains. On the financial front, the Company
is aligning capital allocation with shifting business priorities
through forward-looking investment evaluation frameworks
and identifying projects that offer the highest strategic
value. A structured asset monetization plan is also being
advanced to unlock value from underutilized assets and
reinvest in high-growth areas. Human capital development
remains a core focus, with an emphasis on reskilling and
upskilling the workforce to prepare for future challenges and
on strengthening leadership capabilities to steer complex
transitions. IndianOil is also promoting a culture of agility,
empowerment and responsiveness, while adopting new-
age processes and work practices to remain competitive
in a dynamic business environment. Technology and digital
capabilities are being expanded through an integrated
roadmap that combines IT, AI and automation to drive
operational efficiency, accelerate growth and enable the
energy transition. Strategic digital interventions and the
deployment of robust infrastructure are aimed at enhancing
decision-making, improving customer experience and
streamlining core functions. In research and development,
IndianOil is repositioning R&D as a strategic growth
engine, focused on delivering tangible business value
and supporting its low-carbon transition objectives.
To foster innovation and scale impact, the Company is
also strengthening collaboration through synergies and
partnerships across industries and academia. These efforts
are further reinforced by strict adherence to safety protocols
and standard operating procedures, ensuring that safety
remains integral to every process and decision.

Together, these enablers are reinforcing IndianOil s
commitments to respond swiftly to change, drive
operational excellence and unlock long-term value. Backed
by strong leadership and a clear commitment to sustainable
growth, the Company is on the pathway to increase its share
in the country s primary energy mix from 9 percent today to
12.5 percent by 2050, while also working towards achieving
Net-Zero operational emissions by 2046.
7.
RISKS AND CONCERNS

In today's volatile global environment, organisations are
contending with an increasingly intricate and interconnected
risk landscape. The Russia-Ukraine conflict, now into its
third year of ramifications, continues to disrupt energy
supply chains and commodity markets. These geopolitical
tensions coupled with ongoing conflicts in the Middle
East and rising protectionist trade policies have triggered
widespread inflationary pressures, capital volatility in
emerging economies and growing concerns around food
and energy security.

Simultaneously, climate change-induced extreme weather
events, tightening environmental regulations and the
accelerating push toward Net-Zero are reshaping the
operating context for energy companies globally.

Against this backdrop, energy security has re-emerged as
a critical national imperative. As India s foremost energy
provider, IndianOil recognizes its strategic responsibility
in ensuring uninterrupted and diversified energy access.
To reinforce this, the company is enhancing its refining
flexibility to process a broader array of crude types while de-
risking supply dependencies by expanding its crude basket.
Significant steps were taken to enlarge the crude oil basket
by diversification and 15 new crude oil grades from different
geographies were added during the year. The crude basket
of your Company now contains 268 grades from different
regions like Africa, Middle East, America, Russia etc.

In navigating this complex terrain, IndianOil has adopted
a proactive and integrated approach to enterprise risk
management. Recognizing that risks are no longer isolated
but systemically linked, the Company continuously identifies,
evaluates and mitigates critical threats across economic,
Statutory Reports

operational,
financial,
environmental and
regulatory
domains. Its risk management architecture integrates top-
down strategic oversight with bottom-up business unit
engagement, covering enterprise-level exposures as well as
functional and project-specific vulnerabilities.

The company s key risk vectors include:

N
Macroeconomic risks from commodity price volatility,
global inflation and supply-chain instability;

N
Financial risks related to forex fluctuations and interest
rate movements impacting debt obligations;

N
Competitive threats from incumbents and disruptive
technologies in clean energy and electric mobility;

N
Operational risks from plant outages, logistics
bottlenecks, or labour unrest;

N
Cyber and physical security risks, particularly amid
rising digitalisation and geopolitical cyber threats;

N
Brand and reputational risks tied to stakeholder trust
and public perception;

N
Environmental risks from stricter emission norms,
resource constraints and compliance costs;

N
Policy and regulatory risks, including shifts in taxation,
ESG mandates and investment norms; and

N
Energy transition risks, especially the potential for
disorderly shifts that could destabilize supply-demand
balance or expose the company to stranded asset risks.

Amidst intensifying global and domestic regulatory
emphasis on sustainability reflected in initiatives such
as the revised Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Reporting (BRSR) framework in India, IndianOil has
proactively expanded its risk management framework to
integrate Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
considerations. This includes the quantification of Scope
1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, assessment of
water usage footprints and readiness for more rigorous
ESG disclosures. These endeavours underscore IndianOil s
steadfast commitment to fostering resilient, sustainable
and responsible growth in an evolving global landscape.
8.
FINANCIAL REVIEW

The Standalone Financial Performance of the Company and the various Segments are summarised below:
₹in Crore
Particulars
Variation
Revenue from Operations
8,45,513
8,66,345
-20,832
EBITDA
39,898
74,182
-34,284
Profit Before Tax
15,882
52,344
-36,462
Profit After Tax
12,962
39,619
-26,657
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
33,170
68,097
-34,927
Borrowings
1,34,466
1,16,496
17,970
Revenue from Operations (Segment-wise)
Petroleum
7,73,632
8,03,127
-29,495
Petrochemicals
27,982
26,187
1,795
Gas
42,211
35,215
6,996
Other Businesses*
1,688
1,816
-128
Earnings before Interest & Tax (EBIT) (Segment Wise)^
Petroleum
17,960
55,177
-37,217
Petrochemicals
-440
-344
-96
Gas
1,427
Other Businesses*
-160
-423
Other unallocable (expenditure)/income-net ^
5,827
4,050
1,777
*Other Businesses comprises of Oil & Gas Exploration Activities, Explosives & Cryogenic Business and Wind Mill & Solar Power Generation.
^Includes exceptional item also.

Standalone Financial Performance

At the beginning of 2024-25, the benchmark Indian Basket
crude oil prices remained elevated, trading in the range of
USD 88 to USD 91 per barrel. However, prices softened
during the year and closed around $76 per barrel by end of
the year. The average crude price during the year stood at
USD 79/bbl, as against USD 83/bbl in the previous year.

Product crack spreads witnessed substantial volatility during
the year, driven by fluctuating global market dynamics.
Notably, the Motor Spirit (MS) and High-Speed Diesel (HSD)
crack spreads experienced significant variation, averaging
USD 3/bbl and USD 11/bbl respectively in 2024-25,
compared to USD 7/bbl and USD 19/bbl in 2023-24.

The Company s average normalised Gross Refining Margin
(GRM) for 2024-25 stood at USD 4.53/bbl, compared to
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

USD 11.44/bbl in the previous year and the average reported
GRM was USD 4.80/bbl, compared to USD 12.05/bbl in
2023-24. Given the Company s inland refinery locations
and corresponding inventory levels, the impact of inventory
gains or losses becomes more pronounced in a volatile
pricing environment and contributed to the observed
variation in reported margins during the year.

Revenue from Operations was ₹8,45,513 Crore in 2024-25
as compared to ₹8,66,345 Crore in the previous financial
year. The decrease in revenue can be primarily attributed to
reduction in retail selling prices of petrol, diesel and LPG in
the month of March 2024. In view thereof, the Asset Turnover
Ratio also declined from 1.99 times to 1.81 times as Revenue
from Operations has decreased during current year.

The Net Profit for 2024-25 was ₹12,962 Crore as compared
to ₹39,619 Crore during previous year. The decrease in
profitability during current year was mainly on account of
decrease in refining margins, under-recoveries on sale of
LPG and higher exchange losses during the current year as
compared to previous year. As a result, Company's EBITDA
margin (4.50%), Operating Profit margin (2.11%) and Net
Profit margin (1.53%) significantly decreased as compared
to 8.56%, 6.34% and 4.57% respectively in the last year.

The Company s Current Ratio remained broadly stable
during 2024-25, reflecting a consistent and balanced
position between current assets and current liabilities. The
average inventory holding period during the year stood at
approximately 47 days, while the average collection period
was around 7 days, as compared to 48 days and 6 days,
respectively, in the previous financial year. These figures
indicate no significant deviation in the Company s working
capital cycle and continue to reflect effective management
of operational liquidity.

Increase in borrowings due to high capex commitments and
low internal accruals led to the increase in the Company's
Debt-to-Equity ratio from 0.66 times at the end of previous
financial year to 0.75 times at the end of current financial year.
Further, Interest Coverage Ratio & Debt Service Coverage
Ratio also decreased from 9.08 & 2.17 times to 4.02 & 1.07
times. Company s Return on Average Capital Employed and
Return on Average Net Worth also registered a decrease
from 20.17% & 29.75% to 7.10% & 8.69% respectively.

During the year, Company paid the final dividend of
₹9,640.08 Crore for 2023-24. The Company's Earnings
Per Share (EPS) for the year 2024-25 stood at ₹9.41 as
compared to ₹28.77 in previous year. The Board of Directors
has recommended a dividend of ₹3.00 per equity share
(amounting to payout of ₹4,131.47 Crore) for 2024-25,
subject to approval by the members of the Company in the
Annual General Meeting (AGM)

Detailed financial indicators and ratios for the last five
years are provided in the section Performance at a Glance
forming part of the Integrated Annual Report.

Group Financial Performance

The Group's Revenue from Operations for the year amounted
to ₹8,59,363 Crore as compared to ₹8,81,235 Crore in the
previous year. The Net Profit for group for current year is
₹13,789 Crore from ₹43,161 Crore in previous year due to
same factors which contributed to decreased profitability
on standalone basis. The information on contribution
by each of the group company is provided in Note 46 of
Consolidated Financial Statements.

The detailed financial performance of the material
subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates is provided in
Note 33A and 33B of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
During the year, the subsidiaries Chennai Petroleum
Corporation Limited reported Net Profit of ₹214 Crore and
Total Comprehensive Income of ₹205 Crore; and Lanka IOC
PLC reported Net Profit of Sri Lankan Rupees 1,115 Crore and
a Total Comprehensive Income of Sri Lankan Rupees 1,188
Crore, which, after adjustments as per Ind AS, translated to
Net Profit of ₹354 Crore and Total Comprehensive Income
of ₹420 Crore. The Joint Ventures, Indian Synthetic Rubber
Private Limited achieved Net Profit of ₹376 Crore and Total
Comprehensive Income of ₹376 Crore; IndianOil Petronas
Private Limited achieved Net Profit of ₹328 Crore and Total
Comprehensive Income of ₹328 Crore;
9.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS - PROCESS
EXCELLENCE

The Company has put in place Internal Control Systems
comprising rules, policies and procedures that not only
provide direction and increase efficiency but also strengthen
the adherence to policies, while ensuring smooth and
efficient business processes. The Company has laid
down various policies as well as detailed manuals, which
cover almost all the aspects of the business. The internal
processes and policies are reviewed from time to time
to align them with the changing business requirements.
organisational-level controls, operational-level controls,
anti-fraud controls and general IT controls have been put
in place to ensure that business operations are carried out
efficiently and effectively and chances of errors/frauds are
minimised. The internal control systems are commensurate
with the size and operations of the Company. The Company
has an independent Internal Audit Department, headed by
an Executive Director, who reports to the Chairman. The
Department has officers from Finance as well as other
technical functions. The audit assignments are carried
out as per the Annual Audit Programme approved by the
Chairman and the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit
carries out extensive audit throughout the year covering
every business process. The Statutory Auditors are also
required to issue the Independent Auditor s Report on the
Internal Financial Controls over financial reporting for the
Company under clause (i) of sub-section 3 of section 143
of the Companies Act, 2013. The report issued thereupon
is attached to the Standalone and Consolidated Financial
Statutory Reports

Statements respectively. The Audit Committee carries out a
detailed review of the Financial Statements and deliberations
with the Internal Auditors and Statutory Auditors before the
same is recommended to the Board for approval.
10. HUMAN RESOURCES

The Company always believes in holistic and meaningful
employee engagement and development of its human
resources. The Company engages with employees to tap
their potential for the growth of its business. The challenges
surrounding the present competitive and dynamic business
scenario can be best mitigated by a workforce that is
motivated, adaptive to change, innovative and quick in
learning. Learning forms an integral part of the growth
and enrichment of the workforce. Integrated HR practices
through focused recruitment, career path and learning
and development have contributed to the future readiness
of the workforce. The Company is making continuous
focused investments in upskilling its talent and capability
building across all levels. Curated programs to ensure future
readiness in technology and renewables are developed for
employees at junior, mid and senior levels of management.
The Company has a structured and robust succession
planning framework for the identification and development
of talent for the leadership pipeline. The Company has
not only groomed several visionary leaders who led and
transformed the Company over the years, but also groomed
leaders for both public and private sectors.
11. IR CLIMATE - COLLABORATIVE VALUE

The industrial relations (IR) climate in the Company has
traditionally been harmonious. A collaborative IR climate
has been maintained in the Company over the years. The
Company ensures that changes in its business environment,
strategy & business models, the resultant impact on the
current business and the people, along with future plans
are regularly shared with the collectives and their views
and suggestions are taken into consideration. Regular
structured meetings are held between the management
and the collectives to discuss and deliberate on issues like
productivity, welfare and the need to build a responsive
and responsible organisation. The collectives have always
steadfastly supported the management in overcoming
challenges faced by the Company.

As of March 31, 2025, the employee strength of the Company
stood at 29,941, which comprised 18,740 executives and
11,201 nonexecutives, including 2,663 women employees.
12. OTHER INFORMATION

The details regarding the Company s CSR activities,
environment
protection
conservation
initiatives,
technology absorption and adoption efforts, renewable
energy initiatives, foreign exchange earnings & outgo,
energy conservation, etc., are provided in the Directors
Report and its Annexures.
13. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

The information and statements in the Management s
Discussion & Analysis regarding the objectives, expectations
or anticipations may be forward-looking within the meaning
of applicable securities, laws and regulations. The actual
results may differ materially from the expectations. Various
critical factors that could influence the operations of the
Company include global and domestic demand and supply
conditions affecting the selling price of products, input
availability and prices, changes in Government of India
regulations/tax laws, economic developments within the
country and factors such as litigation and industrial relations.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Independent Auditors Report
To
The Members of Indian Oil Corporation Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited (the Company ), which
comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and notes to the financial statements,
including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the Standalone
Financial Statements ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view
in conformity with Indian Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules 2015, as amended and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as
at March 31, 2025, and profit including other comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under
section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the
Audit of the standalone financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ), together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters
described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:
Key Audit Matters
Auditors response to Key Audit Matters
Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Asset
There are areas where management judgement impacts the
carrying value of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets,
and their respective depreciation/amortisation rates. These include
the decision to capitalise or expense costs; the annual asset life
review; the timeliness of the capitalisation of assets and the use of
management assumptions and estimates for the determination or the
measurement and recognition criteria for assets retired from active
use. Due to the materiality in the context of the Balance Sheet of the
Company and the level of judgement and estimates required, we
consider this to be as area of significance.
(Refer Note No. 2 & 3 to the Standalone Financial Statements)
We assessed the controls in place over the fixed asset cycle, evaluated
the appropriateness of capitalisation process, performed tests of
details on costs capitalised, the timeliness of the capitalisation of
the assets and the de-recognition criteria for assets retired from
active use.
In performing these procedures, we reviewed the judgements made
by management including the nature of underlying costs capitalised;
determination of realizable value of the assets retired from active
use; the appropriateness of assets lives applied in the calculation of
depreciation/amortisation; the useful lives of assets prescribed in
Schedule II to the Act and the useful lives of certain assets as per
the technical assessment of the management. We observed that the
management has regularly reviewed the aforesaid judgements and
there are no material changes.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Key Audit Matters
Auditors response to Key Audit Matters
Provision for Direct Taxes
The Company has uncertain direct tax positions including matters
under dispute which involves significant judgment relating to the
possible outcome of these disputes in estimation of the provision for
income tax. Because of the judgement required, this area is considered
as a key audit matter.
(Refer Note No. 7 to the Standalone Financial Statements)
Our audit procedures involved assessment of the management s underlying
assumptions in estimating the tax provision and the possible outcome of
the disputes taking into account the legal precedence, jurisprudence and
other rulings in evaluating management s position on these uncertain
direct tax positions. We have also assessed the disclosures made by the
company in this regard in standalone financial statements
Provisions, Contingencies and Litigations
The Company is involved in various taxes and other disputes for which
final outcome cannot be easily predicted and which could potentially
result in significant liabilities. The assessment of the risks associated
with the litigations is based on complex assumptions, which require
the use of judgement, and such judgement relates, primarily, to the
assessment of the uncertainties connected to the prediction of the
outcome of the proceedings and to the adequacy of the disclosures
in the standalone financial statements. Because of the judgement
required, the materiality of such litigations and the complexity of the
assessment process, this area is considered as a key audit matter.
(Refer Note No. 18, 36B & 49.5 to the Standalone Financial Statements)
Our audit procedures in response to this Key Audit Matter included,
among others,

Assessment
relevant
controls
implemented to identify legal and tax litigations and pending
administrative proceedings.

Assessment of assumptions used in the evaluation of potential
legal and tax risks performed by the legal and tax department of
the Company considering the legal precedence and other rulings
in similar cases.

Inquiry with the legal and tax departments regarding the status
of the most significant disputes and inspection of the key
relevant documentation.

Analysis of opinion received from the experts wherever available.

Review of the adequacy of the disclosures in the notes to the
standalone financial statements.
Investments in Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which
are valued at cost have been adjusted for impairment losses in line
with Ind AS 36 Impairment of assets . In case there is an indication
of possible impairment, the Company carries out an impairment test
by comparing the recoverable amount of the investments determined
according to the value in use method and their carrying amount. The
valuation process adopted by management is complex and is based
on a series of assumptions, such as the forecast cash flows, the
appropriate discounting rate and the growth rate. These assumptions
are, by nature, influenced by future expectations regarding the
evolution of external market.
Since judgement of the management is required to determine
whether there is indication of possible impairment and considering
the subjectivity of the estimates relating to the determination of the
cash flows and the key assumptions of the impairment test, the area
is considered as a key audit matter.
(Refer Note No. 4 to the Standalone Financial Statements)
With reference to this key audit matter, we considered the following:

Comparing the carrying amount of investments with financial
statements of investee companies to identify whether their net
assets value, being an approximation of their minimum recoverable
amount, were in excess of their carrying amount.

Market capitalization in case of listed entities in which investments
have been made.

Certain entities where carrying value of Investments is less than
the Net Assets Value due to being in the construction stage and
have not begun commercial operations.
Based on the information and explanations obtained as above, we
concluded that the Management s judgement regarding indication
of impairment in certain investments during the year is appropriate.
Where there is indication of impairment, we examined the approach
taken by management to determine the value of the investments,
analysed the methods and assumptions applied by management
to carry out the impairment test and the reports obtained from the
experts in valuation.
The following audit procedures were adopted:

identification and understanding of the significant controls
implemented by the Company over the impairment testing process;
analysis of the reasonableness of the principal assumptions made
to estimate their cash flows, and obtaining other information from
management that we deemed to be significant;

analysis of actual data of the year and previous years in comparison
with the original plan, in order to assess the nature of variances
and the reliability of the planning process;

assessment of the reasonableness of the discount rate
and growth rate;

Verification of the mathematical accuracy of the model used to
determine the value in use of the investments.
We also examined the adequacy of the information provided by the
Company about the impairment test and its consistency with the
requirements of Ind AS 36.
Financial Statements

Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditors Report Thereon
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board s Report including Annexures to Board s Report, Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance, but does not include the Standalone Financial Statements and our
auditors reports thereon.
The above referred information is expected to be made available to us after the date of this audit report.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above
when IT becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Standalone
Financial Statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read other information, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter
to those charged with governance and take appropriate actions necessitated by the circumstance and the applicable laws and regulations.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these
standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, total comprehensive income,
changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and
detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the
standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company s financial reporting process.
Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement
when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has
adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness
of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditors report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors report. However, future events
or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
our auditors report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
The standalone financial statements include the Company s proportionate share (relating to Jointly controlled operations of E&P
activities, wherein the company is not an operator) in assets J1,023.46 Crore and liabilities J298.28 Crore as at March 31, 2025 and
total revenue of J262.94 Crore, expenditure of J234.90 crore and profit before tax of J28.04 Crore for the year ended on that date
and in items of the statement of cash flow and related disclosures contained in the enclosed standalone financial statements. Our
observations thereon are based on unaudited statements from the operators to the extent available with the Company in respect
of 24 Blocks (out of which 7 Blocks are relinquished) in India and overseas and have been certified by the management. Our
opinion in respect thereof is solely based on the management certified information. According to the information and explanations
given to us by the Company s management, these are not material to the Company.

We have also placed reliance on technical/ commercial evaluations by the management in respect of categorisation of wells as
exploratory, development and dry well, allocation of cost incurred on them, liability under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP)
and nominated blocks for under-performance against agreed Minimum Work Programme.
The Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2024 were jointly audited by M/s. Khandelwal
Jain & Co., M/s. K G Somani & Co LLP, M/s. Komandoor & Co LLP and M/s. S R B & Associates, and they had expressed an
unmodified opinion on Standalone Financial Statements vide their report dated April 30, 2024.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central Government of India in terms of
sub- section (11) of Section 143 of the Act, we give in the Annexure A a statement on the matters specified in the paragraphs 3
and 4 of the said Order, to the extent applicable.
2.
We are enclosing our report in terms of Section 143 (5) of the Act, on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the
Company as we considered appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us, in the Annexure B on the
directions issued by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India.
3.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as IT appears from our
examination of those books.

The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity
and the Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.

In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act.

As the company is a Government Company, in terms of notification no. G.S.R. 463(E) dated 5th June 2015, issued by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the sub-section (2) of section 164 of the Act is not applicable to the company.

With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of the
Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in Annexure C .
Financial Statements

As the company is a Government Company, in terms of notification no. G.S.R. 463(E) dated 5th June 2015, issued by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the sub-section (16) of section 197 of the Act is not applicable to the company

With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit
and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:

The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone financial
statements-Refer Note 36B and 49.5 to the standalone financial statements.

The Company has made provision, as required under the applicable law or Indian accounting standards, for material
foreseeable losses, if any, on long term contracts including derivative contracts - Refer Note 18 to the standalone

There has been no delay in transferring the amount, required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Company.

The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity
( Intermediaries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether,
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the
Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign
entity ( Funding Parties ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii)
of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.

As stated in Note 31 to the standalone financial statements:

The final dividend paid by the Company during the year in respect of the same declared for the previous year is in
compliance with section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to payment of dividends.

The Board of Directors of the Company has proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval
of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123
of the Act to the extent IT applies to declaration of dividend.

Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software for maintaining
its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the
audit trail has been preserved by the company as per the statutory requirements for record retention
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZN7875
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVR7606
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPV4428
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKB6533
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Annexure A to the Independent Auditors Report
Annexure referred to in Independent Auditors Report to the members of Indian Oil Corporation Limited on the standalone financial
statements for the year ended March 31, 2025
To the best of our information and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that:
(A)
The Company has generally maintained proper records showing full particulars including quantitative details and
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment including Right of Use assets.

(B)
The Company has generally maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.

There is a regular programme of physical verification of all Property, Plant and Equipment, other than LPG cylinders and
pressure regulators with customers, over a period of three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size
of the Company and the nature of its Property, Plant and Equipment. In our opinion and as per the information given by the
Management, the discrepancies observed were not material and have been appropriately accounted for in the books.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the Company,
the title/ lease deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee, and the lease
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the financial statements are held in the name of the
Company. The details of exceptions are given in Appendix A to this report.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and
Equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible assets during the year.

According to the information and explanations given to us, no proceeding has been initiated or is pending against the
Company for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules
made thereunder.
According to the information and explanations given to us, the inventory (excluding inventory lying with third parties, inventory
under joint operations and material in transit) has been physically verified by the management during the year and in our
opinion, the frequency of verification is reasonable. In our opinion the coverage and the procedure of such verification by the
management is appropriate. As explained to us, no discrepancy of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventory
was noticed on physical verification of inventories as compared to the book records.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess
of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks and financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. Also, the
quarterly returns/statements filed by the Company with such banks and financial institutions are materially in agreement
with the books of account of the Company.
(iii) (a)
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has granted loans or provided
advances in the nature of loans, or stood guarantee during the year to the following entities. However, the Company has not
provided any Security during the year to Subsidiary, Joint Venture, Associates & Others.
(in J Crore)
Particulars
Guarantees
Loans
Advances in nature
of Loans
Aggregate amount granted/provided during the year:
-
Subsidiary
4,067.45
151.92
-
Joint Ventures
224.00
-
Others
-
828.38
108.24
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in
respect of above cases:
-
Subsidiary
4,037.09
151.92
-
Joint Ventures
224.00
-
Others
-
778.85
47.94
Financial Statements

Name of the Parties
Relation with
Aggregate amount of
Loans or advances in
the nature of Loans
granted during the year
Aggregate overdue
amount settled by
renewal or extension or
by fresh loans granted
to same parties
(in J Crore)
Percentage of the
aggregate to the total
loans or advances in
the nature of loans
granted during the year
Indian Oil Adani
Ventures Limited
Joint Venture
Nil
10.00
No new loan provided
Petronet Vadinar Kandla
Associate
Nil
110.90
No new Loan provided

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the investments made, guarantees provided,
security given and the terms and conditions of the grant of all loans and advances in the nature of loans and guarantees
provided are not prejudicial to the Company s interest.

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the schedule of repayment of principal and
payment of interest with respect to loans and advances in the nature of loans, has been stipulated and the repayments or
receipts are generally regular.

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there are no material amounts which are
overdue for more than 90 days.

According to the information and explanations given to us, in respect of the following two Companies, where the loan or
advance in the nature of loan granted which have fallen due during the year, have been renewed or extended or fresh loans
granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to the same parties,

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, no such cases are found where the Company
has granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or
period of repayment.
(iv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is exempted from the provisions of
section 186 of the Act (except section 186(1) of the Act) as IT is engaged in the business of providing infrastructure facilities as
provided under Schedule-VI of the Act. The Company has complied with the provisions of Section 185 and 186 (1) of the Act,
wherever applicable.
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, during the year, the Company has not accepted
deposits from the public in terms of the provisions of sections 73 to 76 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance of
Deposits) Rules,2014, as amended and other relevant provisions of the Act or under the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of
India and no deposits are outstanding at the year-end except old cases under dispute aggregating to ₹0.01 Crore, where we are
informed that the Company has complied with necessary directions. According to information and explanation provided to us no
order has been passed by the company law board or National Company law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any Court or any
other tribunal.
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the accounts and records maintained by the Company pursuant to the Rules made by the Central
Government for the maintenance of cost records under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act, read with Companies (Cost
Records & Audit) Rules, 2014, as amended and we are of the opinion that prima facie the prescribed accounts and records have
been made and maintained. We have not, however, made detailed examination of the records with a view to determine whether
they are accurate and complete.
(vii) (a)
According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has been regular in depositing with appropriate
authorities undisputed statutory dues, including provident fund, employee s state insurance, income tax, value added tax,
goods and services tax, excise duty, cess and other statutory dues applicable to IT. Further, no undisputed amounts payable
in respect of provident fund, employee s state insurance, income tax, value added tax, goods and services tax, cess and
any other statutory dues were in arrears, as at March 31, 2025, for a period of more than six months from the date they
become payable.

The disputed statutory dues that have not been deposited on account of matters pending before appropriate authorities are
annexed in Appendix B to this report.
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no transactions which were not recorded in the books of
account and have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act,
1961 (43 of 1961).
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Nature of Fraud
No. of
instances
Amount Involved till
March 31, 2025
(J In Crore)
1.
Fictitious payments / fraudulent claims by employees
2.55
2.
Excess claims by contractors, vendors and customers
26.03
3.
Pilferage and Inflated stock loss booked by employees
102.06
(ix) (a)
According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other
borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank
or financial institution or government or any government authority.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has applied the term loans for the purpose for which
loans were obtained.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the Balance Sheet of the Company
as at year end i.e., March 31, 2025, we report that funds raised on short-term basis to the extent of ₹61,296.25 Crore have
been used for long-term purposes. During the year, funds raised on short-term basis have been used for long-term purposes
to the extent of ₹12,977.72 Crore.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person
on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates, or joint ventures.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge
of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures, or associate companies.
(x)
According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not raised moneys by way of initial public offer
or further public offer (including debt instruments) during the year.

According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private
placement of shares, convertible debentures (fully, partially or optionally) during the year and therefore provisions of Section
42 and 62 of the Act are not applicable to the Company.
(xi) (a)
No fraud by the Company has been noticed or reported during the year. However, we have been informed by the management
that following frauds on the Company have been noticed and reported during the year, details of which are as under:

No report has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT- 4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014 with the Central Government during the year and upto the date of this report. However, we are in the process of
complying with the provisions of section 143(12) of the Act with respect to the fraud reported under sub-clause (a) above.

According to the information and explanations given to us, no whistle blower complaints were received by the Company
(xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company and therefore,
the reporting under Clause 3 (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given by the management, all transactions during the year with
the related parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable and the details have been disclosed in
the standalone financial statements, as required by the applicable Indian accounting standards.
Financial Statements

(xiv) (a)
In our opinion and based on our examination, the Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and
nature of its business.

We have considered the internal audit reports of the Company issued till date, for the period under audit.
(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash
transactions specified under section 192 of the Act with directors, or persons connected with directors and therefore, reporting
under clause (xv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, the reporting under Clause 3(xvi)(a), 3(xvi)(b), 3(xvi)(c) is not applicable. Further in
respect of reporting requirements under sub-clause (d), we report that there is no Core Investment Company in the Group.
(xvii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not incurred cash losses in the
financial year 2024-25 and in the immediately preceding financial year 2023-24.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly clause 3(xviii) is not applicable.
(xix) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates
of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements,
our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date
of the audit report that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of Balance Sheet as and when they
fall due within a period of one year from the Balance Sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future
viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither
give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) (a)
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, in respect to other than ongoing projects ,
there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to the Funds specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act,
2013 within a period of six months of the expiry of the financial year in compliance with second proviso to sub-section (5) of
section 135 of the Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable for the year.

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, with respect to ongoing projects , there are no
unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a special account, within a period of thirty days from the end of the
financial year in compliance with section 135(6) of the Act.
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZN7875
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVR7606
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPV4428
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKB6533
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Reporting as per Companies (Auditor s Report) Order 2020
Immovable Property not held in the name of the Company
Appendix - A
Gross
Carrying
Value
(J Crore)
Whether
Period held-
Freehold
A
Freehold Land
CTMPL RCP land
at Reddimangudii
0.003
Nalluswamy
Ramar
No
30-05-2005
Purchase price of the private- government
land parcel has not been fixed by State
Government.
Freehold Land
0.02
RAMAVATHI/
LEGAL HEIRS
No
20-03-1995
Title Appeal has been filed before Jharkhand
High Court. Approval for the same is under
Freehold Land*
0.00
RAMAVATHI/
LEGAL HEIRS
No
28-04-1995
Title Appeal has been filed before Jharkhand
High Court. Approval for the same is under
Freehold Land*
0.00
Not available
No
01-01-1959
Title Deed is not available or found. Re-
generation of title deed is in process for
making an application to Sub registrar.
Freehold Land
0.10
Bharat Petroleum
Limited (BPCL)
No
01-10-1990
The land has been registered in the name of
BPCL. BPCL has demarcated 77,540.00 Sqm
of land in the name of IOCL.
Freehold Land
0.52
Kerala state
Government
(GCDA)
No
31-03-2003
Retail sales dept is following up with Govt.
Secretary and GCDA for registration.
Freehold Land
5.77
Indian Railways
No
31-03-1994
The said land had been exchanged with
railways for construction of railway siding and
the same had not been registered. However
a person had disputed the title in the court
claiming that they have registered documents
to portion of the land (400 Sq.Yards) . Pending
the decision of the Railways and the legal
case, IOC is unable to go ahead with the
registration of land.
Freehold Land
7.88
Bharat Petroleum
No
31-05-2019
IOC, BPC & HPC are developing a common
user facility at Meramundali with BPC as
lead partner. Land was purchased by BPC in
its name and as per the CUF agreement the
ownership land should be transferred to all the
partner as per there share in CUF. Now BPCL
is in the advance stage for transferring the
ownership to both partners.
Freehold Land*
0.00
Burmah Oil
Company Limited
No
31-03-2022
Mutation is pending.
Freehold Land
0.46
Central
Government
No
16-06-1994
The title is in the name of Central Government
(with possession in the name of Indian
Oil). The matter is being taken up with the
Teshildar & DC, Panipat for correction in the
mutation.
Freehold Land
0.13
APIIC
No
18-01-1997
4 plots in Industrial park Kakinada were
allotted to IOCL for setting up of LPG Godown
and Showroom. However, after few years,
APIIC intimated the cancellation of 3 plot
allotments due to non utilizations of the plots
along with refund. IOCL is taking up the issue
with APIIC for withdrawal of cancellation order.
Financial Statements

Appendix - A
Gross
Carrying
Value
(J Crore)
Whether
Period held-
Land allotted by
Govt. of Assam
0.16
Government of
Assam
No
Land measuring 60.50 Acre not registered in
the name of IOCL, GR for which follow is being
made with the government
Land Freehold-
Refinery
0.20
Government of
Bihar
No
Govt. of Bihar instituted a certificate case
against Barauni Refinery for realization of
the additional cost of Registration charges
towards stamp and registration fee for the
conveyance deed executed by Govt. of Bihar
in favour BR. The matter related to the claim
of District Authorities, for additional cost of
Registration charges, is pending with the
Honble High Court, Patna.
Land-Freehold
0.40
GIDC & Others
No
Transfer execution pending
Land
1.14
No
27-05-2024
Transfer of Land in the name of IOCL is under
Chittoor Colony
Land
0.24
T.V.Subramanyam
Reddy (Late)
No
12-03-2012
As per Court order Ref O.S. NO 18 of 2017
dated 30.12.2024, IOCL (plaintiff) does not
have the right and title of the Land. The Court
order is in favour of the defendant.
Freehold Land
0.82
Not Available
No
21-05-2014
Permanent alienation is pending from the
Government Authorities with the condition
that "IOCL shall pay the land value as fixed by
the Govt, duly deducting the amount already
deposited by them".
Freehold Land
1.15
Ministry of
Defence
No
01-08-1990
Title deed execution under process.
Freehold Land
0.02
Railways
No
31-12-2012
The discussion for title deed with Railways is
ongoing.
Total
19.01
B
Freehold
Building
Freehold Building
15.86
Govt. of West
Bengal
No
26-07-1989
The executed deed was not registered after
taking over the building. Mutation of this plot
of Land & Building is not available.
Freehold Building
0.01
M/s Bonny
Enterprise
No
01-04-1984
No one from Bonny Enterprise is traceable.
Probably Bonny enterprise is closed.
Therefore, Title Deed cannot be executed. We
are paying the Municipal Tax regularly and are
also in possession of Flats since inception.
Freehold Building
0.04
M/s Bonny
Enterprise
No
16-05-1983
Freehold Building
(3 cases)
0.05
M/s Bonny
Enterprise
No
29-04-1985
Freehold Building
0.06
Mukund
Constructions
No
29-02-1984
Matter under Litigation for execution of sale
deed
Total
16.02
ROU assets
A
Leasehold Land
ROU - Leasehold
Land (3 cases)
0.08
Tata Iron and
Limited (TISCO)
No
14-11-1996
British Govt. Embargo from State Govt. over
ROU - Leasehold
Land
0.01
Tata Iron and
Limited (TISCO)
No
14-12-1996
British Govt. Embargo from State Govt. over
ROU - Leasehold
Land
0.05
Tata Iron and
Limited (TISCO)
No
19-11-1996
British Govt. Embargo from State Govt. over
ROU - Leasehold
Land (16 cases)
34.34
Indian Air Force
No
29-08-2011
AFS Umbrela Agreement/MOU, but no
individual Agreement for various AFS
Locations
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Appendix - A
Gross
Carrying
Value
(J Crore)
Whether
Period held-
ROU - Leasehold
Land
22.67
Tuticorin Port
Trust
No
31-07-1998
The lease agreement not yet signed due
to dispute with Tuticorin Port Trust on
incorporation of MGT clause.
ROU - Leasehold
Land
0.78
SAIL
No
10-02-2016
Lease renewal SD and premium has been
paid and renewal is under process
ROU - Leasehold
Land
0.23
SAIL
No
09-05-2004
Lease renewal SD and premium has been
paid and renewal is under process
Land -
Leasehold
18.45
Government of
Uttar Pradesh
No
Approval for lease deed & execution is pending
at the level of Department of Industries, UP
Govt., Lucknow.
Land of Calico
Mill, Baroda
31.99
Gujarat Industrial
Development
Corporataion
No
Case is pending in High Court
Land at Jobra
Barrage Water
Intake Facility
32.37
Government of
Orissa
No
Transfer of land in name of IOCL is under
ROU Leasehold
land
8.69
Not available
No
31-12-2016
Transfer of land in name of IOCL is under
ROU - Leasehold
Land
35.89
Not available
No
14-02-2024
Lease deed execution under process.
ROU - Leasehold
Land
0.32
Tuticorin Port
Trust
No
31-07-1998
The lease agreement not yet signed due
to dispute with Tuticorin Port Trust on
incorporation of MGT clause
ROU - Leasehold
Land
35.12
Not available
No
14-02-2024
Total
220.99
B
Leasehold
Building
NBCC_Type VI
Flats & Parking_
Kidwai Nagar
19.32
NBCC
No
11-10-2018
Urban Affairs
NBCC
Commercial
Space
216.56
NBCC
No
10-08-2018
Urban Affairs
NBCC_Building_
Type V Flats
16.71
NBCC
No
25-09-2019
Urban Affairs
Total
252.59
Investment
Property
-
Non-Current
Assets held for
sale
-
Grand Total
508.61
Particulars
Gross Carrying value (in J)
Freehold Land
Nalluswamy Ramar
30,000
Freehold Land
Ramavathi/ Legal heirs
25,540
Freehold Land
Not Available
24,416
Freehold Land
*Following values are not reflected above due to rounding off:
Financial Statements

Disputed Statutory Dues
Appendix - B
Name of the Statute
Nature of Dues
Forum Where Dispute is pending
Gross
Amount
Amount Paid
under Protest
Amount (net
of deposits)
Period to which the
Amount relates
(J Crore)
(J Crore)
(J Crore)
(Financial Years)
CENTRAL EXCISE
ACT, 1944
CENTRAL EXCISE
Supreme Court
100.95
10.00
90.95
1989 to 2007
High Court
466.33
0.18
466.15
1996 to 2016
Tribunal
4,829.12
6.12
4,823.00
1987 to 2022
Revisionary Authority
-
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
0.28
-
0.28
1996 to 2017
Total
5,396.68
16.30
5,380.38
CUSTOMS ACT,
CUSTOMS DUTY
Supreme Court
17.03
4.05
12.98
1992 to 2002
High Court
0.21
-
0.21
2002 to 2016
Tribunal
85.85
0.02
85.83
2000 to 2013
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
5.06
-
5.06
1998 to 2012
Total
108.15
4.07
104.08
SALES TAX/ VAT
LEGISLATIONS
SALES TAX/ VAT/
TURNOVER TAX
Supreme Court
152.61
18.57
134.04
1986 to 2010
High Court
857.37
105.20
752.17
1989 to 2024
Tribunal
3,444.24
411.12
3,033.12
1984 to 2023
Revisionary Authority
85.00
-
85.00
1979 to 2018
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
260.36
45.61
214.75
1995 to 2022
Total
4,799.58
580.51
4,219.07
INCOME TAX ACT,
INCOME TAX
Supreme Court
-
High Court
-
Tribunal
3,815.62
903.56
2,912.06
2011 to 2017
Revisionary Authority
-
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
2,687.59
490.47
2,197.12
2007 to 2021
Total
6,503.21
1,394.03
5,109.18
FINANCE ACT,
SERVICE TAX
Supreme Court
-
High Court
1.76
-
1.76
2003 to 2012
Tribunal
300.70
0.41
300.29
2006 to 2017
Revisionary Authority
-
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
4.29
0.10
4.19
2006 to 2017
Total
306.75
0.51
306.24
STATE
LEGISLATIONS
ENTRY TAX
Supreme Court
3.08
-
3.08
1991 to 2002
High Court
5,609.99
54.15
5,555.84
1999 to 2015
Tribunal
26.00
6.88
19.12
2009 to 2014
Revisionary Authority
1.44
0.20
1.24
1999 to 2013
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
1.26
0.89
0.37
1998 to 2005
Total
5,641.77
62.12
5,579.65
The IGST
Act, 2017
GST
Supreme Court
66.22
-
66.22
2018 to 2019
High Court
247.67
1.15
246.52
2017 to 2024
Tribunal
16.20
0.58
15.62
2017 to 2021
Revisionary Authority
-
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
203.12
3.80
199.32
2017 to 2023
Total
533.21
5.53
527.68
OTHER
CENTRAL / STATE
LEGISLATIONS
OTHERS
COMMERCIAL
TAX etc.
Supreme Court
12.03
0.25
11.78
2005 to 2011
High Court
58.31
0.57
57.74
2001 to 2023
Tribunal
-
Revisionary Authority
-
Appellate Authority (Below Tribunal)
14.01
-
14.01
2005 to 2024
Total
84.35
0.82
83.53
GRAND TOTAL
23,373.70
2,063.89
21,309.81
Note: Dues include penalty and interest, wherever applicable.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Annexure B to the Independent Auditors Report
(Referred to in Paragraph 2 under Other legal and regulatory requirements of our report of even date)
Directions
Action Taken
Impact on
standalone
statements
1.
Whether the company has system in place to process all
the accounting transactions through IT system? If yes, the
implications of processing of accounting transaction outside
IT system on the integrity of the accounts along with the
financial implications, if any, may be stated.
The Company has a robust ERP system (SAP)
to process all the accounting transactions
through IT system.
Nil
2.
Whether there is any restructuring of an existing loan or
cases of waiver/write-off of debts/loans/interest etc. made
by a lender to the company due to the company s inability to
repay the loan? If yes, financial impact may be stated whether
such case are properly accounted for? (In case, lender is a
government Company).
The Company has been regular in discharging
its principal and interest obligations on various
loans during 2024-25. Therefore, there are no
cases of restructuring of any loan or cases
of waiver/ write off of debts/ loans/ interest
etc. made by any lender due to the company s
inability to repay the loan.
Nil
3.
Whether funds (grants / subsidy etc.) received/receivable
for specific schemes from Central/State Government or its
agencies were properly accounted for /utilized as per its term
and conditions? List the cases of deviation.
The Company has properly accounted for/
utilized funds (grants / subsidy etc.) received/
receivable for specific schemes from central/
state Government or its agencies, as the case
may be, as per its term and conditions
Nil
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZN7875
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVR7606
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPV4428
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKB6533
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
Financial Statements

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Compliance Certificate
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZN7875
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVR7606
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPV4428
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKB6533
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
We have conducted audit of annual account of Indian Oil Corporation Limited for the year ended March 31, 2025 in accordance with the
direction/sub-directions issued by the C&AG of India under Section 143(5) of the Companies Act 2013 and certify that we have complied
with all the Direction/Sub-Direction issued to us.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section
3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act )
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited ( the
Company ) as of March 31, 2025, in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year
ended on that date.
Management s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control
with reference to standalone financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company s
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial
Reporting (the Guidance Note ) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls with reference to
standalone Financial Statement and both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements were established and maintained and if such
controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to
standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditors judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
Company s internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone financial statements
A company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the standalone financial statements.
Annexure C to the Independent Auditors Report
Annexure referred to in Independent Auditors report of even date to the members of Indian Oil Corporation
Limited on the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025
Financial Statements

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements to
future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to standalone financial statements may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial
statements in place and such internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements were operating effectively
as at March 31, 2025 based on the internal financial control with reference to standalone financial statements established by the
Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZN7875
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVR7606
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPV4428
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKB6533
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Revised Independent Auditors Report
To the Members of Indian Oil Corporation Limited
Revision in Independent Auditors Report dated April 30, 2025, on Standalone Financial Statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited for
the year ended on March 31, 2025
Indian Oil Corporation Limited ( the Company ), being a Government Company, the Comptroller & Auditor General of India (C&AG) had
carried out supplementary audit of the Company pursuant to provisions of Section 143 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Upon Supplementary audit, the C&AG has issued one comment under section 143(6)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 on our Report as
Statutory Auditors of the Company with respect to Para (iii) (a) of Annexure A to our Audit report dated April 30, 2025.
Pursuant to the comment made by C&AG, we hereby make consequent revision in our audit report dated April 30, 2025 at Para (iii) (a)
of Annexure A to the aforesaid audit report on Standalone Financial Statements of the Company and making necessary changes in
the said clause.
The revised Para (iii) (a) of Annexure A to our audit report dated April 30, 2025, on standalone financial statements of the Company,
should now be read as under:
(iii) (a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has granted loans or provided
advances in the nature of loans, or stood guarantee during the year to the following entities. However, the Company has not provided
any Security during the year to Subsidiary, Joint Venture, Associates & Others.
(in J Crore)
Particulars
Guarantees
Loans
Advances in
nature of Loans
Aggregate amount granted/provided during the year:
-
Subsidiary
4,067.45
151.92
-
Joint Ventures
-
Others
-
828.38
108.24
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of
above cases:
-
Subsidiary
4,037.09
151.92
-
Joint Ventures
-
Others
-
778.85
47.94
Except for the above, there is no change in our audit report and audit opinion on standalone financial statements of the Company for
the year ended March 31, 2025.
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIWAE9391
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBXT5221
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN:25065025BMNQSH8086
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKF5544
Place: Mumbai
Date: July 17, 2025
Place: New Delhi
Date: July 17, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Date: July 17, 2025
Place: New Delhi
Date: July 17, 2025
Financial Statements

Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non-current Assets
a) Property, Plant and Equipment
1,82,388.60
1,77,618.95
b) Capital Work-in-Progress
2.1
73,453.16
57,024.23
c) Intangible Assets
3,461.98
3,247.80
d) Intangible Assets Under Development
3.1
2,761.14
2,041.41
e) Financial Assets

Investments
60,901.17
61,557.28

ii) Loans
2,907.25
2,464.72

iii) Other Financial Assets
412.71
505.64
f) Income Tax Assets (Net)
1,532.28
1,799.10
g) Other Non-Current Assets
6,088.96
4,889.23
3,33,907.25
3,11,148.36
Current Assets
a) Inventories
1,05,611.92
1,12,507.49
b) Financial Assets

Investments
10,016.03
9,530.90

ii) Trade Receivables
17,813.00
12,779.41

iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents
263.17
464.28

iv) Bank Balances other than above
252.84
366.18

v) Loans
502.21
470.68

vi) Other Financial Assets
5,114.97
5,504.25
c) Current Tax Assets (Net)
724.49
-
d) Other Current Assets
5,602.71
4,340.40
1,45,901.34
1,45,963.59
Assets Held for Sale
191.75
128.67
1,46,093.09
1,46,092.26
Total Assets
4,80,000.34
4,57,240.62
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity Share Capital
13,771.56
b) Other Equity
1,64,905.30
1,62,943.42
1,78,676.86
1,76,714.98
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
a) Financial Liabilities

Borrowings
51,529.04
41,367.53

ii) Lease Liabilities
6,772.07
6,528.11

iii) Other Financial Liabilities
199.43
233.11
b) Provisions
884.00
917.63
c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
18,252.55
16,637.10
d) Other Non-Current Liabilities
4,418.73
4,048.95
82,055.82
69,732.43
Standalone Financial Statements
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Place: New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025
Standalone Financial Statements
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Current Liabilities
a) Financial Liabilities

Borrowings
82,936.50
75,128.21

ii) Lease Liabilities
3,130.19
2,842.83

iii) Trade Payables

A. Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
1,412.16
1,410.52

B. Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and Small
Enterprises
50,955.86
50,090.44

iv) Other Financial Liabilities
57,035.22
55,640.06
b) Other Current Liabilities
14,307.33
14,684.39
c) Provisions
9,490.40
10,090.13
d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
-
906.63
2,19,267.66
2,10,793.21
Total Equity and Liabilities
4,80,000.34
4,57,240.62
Material Accounting Policies, Estimates & Judgements
1A & 1B
Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements
Financial Statements

Particulars
Revenue From Operations
8,45,512.61
8,66,345.38
II. Other Income
4,963.84
4,780.82
III. Total Income (I+II)
8,50,476.45
8,71,126.20
IV. Expenses

Cost of Materials Consumed
3,99,521.58
3,90,525.63

Excise Duty
89,562.99
91,996.79

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
2,62,418.33
2,54,631.78

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock in trade and
(919.37)
1,904.83

Employee Benefits Expense
10,363.66
11,079.56

Finance Costs
8,731.59
7,327.79

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment on

a) Property, Plant and Equipment
15,040.96
14,343.55

b) Intangible Assets
243.18
166.05
15,284.14
14,509.60
Impairment Loss (including reversal of impairment loss) on Financial Assets
143.43
268.19
Net Loss on de-recognition of Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
46.70
3.90
Other Expenses
51,279.08
46,533.92
Total Expenses (IV)
8,36,432.13
8,18,781.99
V. Profit / (Loss) before Exceptional Items and Tax (III-IV)
14,044.32
52,344.21
VI. Exceptional Items (Refer Note 49, S. No. 2)
1,838.02
-
VII. Profit / (Loss) before Tax (V+VI)
15,882.34
52,344.21
VIII. Tax Expense

Current Tax
1,409.87
11,615.24

[includes H(139.94) crore (2024: H44.84 crore) relating to prior years]

Deferred Tax
1,510.90
1,110.13
IX. Profit / (Loss) for the Year (VII-VIII)
12,961.57
39,618.84
X. Other Comprehensive Income

A
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(1,341.83)
14,456.17

A
(ii) Income Tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit
or loss
(81.10)
(970.48)

B
(i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
110.12
(197.59)

B
(ii) Income Tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit
or loss
(46.60)
68.12
XI. Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (IX+X) (Comprising Profit/
(Loss) and Other Comprehensive Income for the Year)
11,602.16
52,975.06
Standalone Financial Statements
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
XII. Earnings per Equity Share (J)

(1) Basic
9.41
28.77

(2) Diluted
9.41
28.77
Face Value Per Equity Share (H)
Material Accounting Policies, Estimates & Judgements
1A & 1B
Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Place: New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025
Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements
Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
A
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Profit / (Loss) before Tax
15,882.34
52,344.21
Adjustments for
Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment on Property, Plant & Equipment and
Intangible Assets
15,284.14
14,509.60
Loss/(Profit) on Assets sold or written off (Net)
26.81
(38.26)
Amortisation of Capital Grants
(66.30)
(31.23)
Provision for Probable Contingencies (net)
(22.64)
(48.13)
Fair Value loss/(gain) on financial instruments classified as fair value through profit
and loss
(6.30)
(128.41)
(157.71)
(328.11)
Derecognition of Financial Assets and Advances & Claims written off
72.45
5.25
Provision for Doubtful Advances, Claims and Stores (net)
(50.43)
146.31
Impairment Loss on Financial Assets (Net)
143.43
268.19
Loss/(gain) on Derivatives
(61.95)
(84.09)
Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans through OCI
91.97
(46.14)
Exchange Loss/ (Gain) on Borrowings and Lease Liabilities
568.39
1,141.59
Interest Income
(1,468.06)
(1,828.29)
Dividend Income
(3,201.16)
(2,277.42)
Finance costs
8,731.59
7,327.79
Amortisation and Remeasurement (Net) of PMUY Assets
(80.05)
(306.35)
19,804.18
18,282.30
Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes (1+2)
35,686.52
70,626.51
Change in Working Capital (excluding Cash & Cash Equivalents)
Trade Receivables & Other Assets
(6,856.88)
1,216.48
Inventories
6,862.71
1,302.27
Trade Payables & Other Liabilities
275.43
5,589.87
Change in Working Capital
281.26
8,108.62
Cash Generated From Operations (3+4)
35,967.78
78,735.13
Less : Taxes paid
2,797.32
10,638.53
Net Cash Flow generated from / (used in) Operating Activities (5-6)
33,170.46
68,096.60
B
Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment
621.15
610.75
Purchase of Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Assets
(4,398.93)
(4,284.68)
Expenditure on Construction Work in Progress
(29,095.35)
(30,924.39)
Proceeds from Sale of Investments
6,217.31
5,118.51
Investment in subsidiaries
(705.36)
(110.56)
Purchase of Other Investments
(6,695.26)
(4,266.31)
Receipt of government grants (Capital Grant)
17.04
1.72
Interest Income received
1,576.95
1,875.92
Dividend Income on Investments
3,201.16
2,277.42
Net Cash Flow generated from / (used in) Investing Activities
(29,261.29)
(29,701.62)
Net Cash Flow From Financing Activities
Proceeds from Long-Term Borrowings
25,451.21
343.61
Repayments of Long-Term Borrowings
(21,668.40)
(17,286.37)
Payments of Lease Liabilities
(2,957.07)
(2,803.78)
Proceeds from/(Repayments of) Short-Term Borrowings
12,909.08
(137.09)
Interest paid
(8,202.75)
(7,388.58)
Dividend paid
(9,642.35)
(11,021.81)
Net Cash Flow generated from / (used in) Financing Activities
(4,110.28)
(38,294.02)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Standalone Financial Statements
Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
Net Change in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)
(201.11)
100.96
E1 Cash & Cash Equivalents as at end of the year
263.17
464.28
In Current Account
219.00
449.10
Bank Balances with Non-Scheduled Banks
35.77
12.91
Cheques, Drafts in hand
7.17
1.31
Cash in Hand, Including Imprest
1.23
0.96
E2 Less: Cash & Cash Equivalents as at the beginning of year
464.28
363.32
In Current Account
449.10
354.15
In Fixed Deposit - Maturity within 3 months
-
0.47
Bank Balances with Non-Scheduled Banks
12.91
2.74
Cheques, Drafts in hand
1.31
5.41
Cash in Hand, Including Imprest
0.96
0.55
Net Change in Cash & Cash Equivalents (E1 - E2)
(201.11)
100.96
Notes
1.
Significant non-cash movements in investing and financing activities during the year include:

acquisition of assets by way of lease (net of upfront premium)
3,805.00
3,303.66

unrealised exchange loss/ (gain) on borrowings and lease liabilities
1,816.06
883.55

Fair Value and Other Non-Cash Changes
(854.76)
13.06
2.
Statement of Cash Flows is prepared using Indirect Method as per Indian Accounting Standard-7: Statement of Cash Flows.
3.
Trade Payables & Other Liabilities under Change in Working Capital includes impact of the Exceptional Items, amounting to
₹1,838.02 Crore, shown in the Statement of Profit & Loss.

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Place: New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025
Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year
13,771.56
Changes during the year
-
Balance at the end of the year
13,771.56
Particulars
Reserve and Surplus
Retained Earnings
Bond Redemption Reserve
Opening Balance as at April 1, 2023
1,03,809.72
1,013.20
Profit / (Loss) for the Year
39,618.84
-
Other Comprehensive Income
(34.53)*
-
Total Comprehensive Income
39,584.31
-
Transfer from Bond Redemption Reserve
1,013.20
(1,013.20)
Appropriation towards Interim Dividend
(6,886.04)
-
Appropriation towards Final Dividend
(4,131.58)
-
Appropriation towards Insurance Reserve (Net)
(13.75)
-
Closing Balance as at March 31, 2024
1,33,375.86
-
Profit / (Loss) for the Year
12,961.57
-
Other Comprehensive Income
68.82*
-
Total Comprehensive Income
13,030.39
-
Appropriation towards Final Dividend
(9,640.28)
-
Appropriation towards Insurance Reserve (Net)
(14.41)
-
Closing Balance as at March 31, 2025
1,36,751.56
-
A. Equity Share Capital
B. Other Equity
* Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
Sd/-
A. S Sahney
Chairman
DIN-10652030
Sd/-
Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
DIN- 10310088
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/ N500377
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Place: New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Reserve and Surplus
Items of Other Comprehensive Income
Total
Capital Reserve
Insurance Reserve
Fair value of Equity
Instruments
Fair value of Debt
Instruments
Cash Flow Hedge
Reserve
183.08
311.42
15,540.77
(10.88)
138.67
1,20,985.98
-
39,618.84
-
13,520.22
6.98
(136.45)
13,356.22
-
13,520.22
6.98
(136.45)
52,975.06
-
(6,886.04)
-
(4,131.58)
-
13.75
-
183.08
325.17
29,060.99
(3.90)
2.22
1,62,943.42
-
12,961.57
-
(1,491.75)
65.64
(2.12)
(1,359.41)
-
(1,491.75)
65.64
(2.12)
11,602.16
-
(9,640.28)
-
14.41
-
183.08
339.58
27,569.24
61.74
0.10
1,64,905.30
Sd/-
Kamal Kumar Gwalani
Company Secretary
ACS-13737
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/ S200034
Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to Financial Statements
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
CORPORATE INFORMATION

The financial statements of "Indian Oil Corporation
Limited ( the Company or IOCL ) are for the year ended
March 31, 2025.

The Company is a public limited company incorporated
and domiciled in India. Its shares are listed on Bombay
Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange in India. The
registered office of the Company is located at Indian Oil
Bhavan, G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg, Bandra (East), Mumbai.

Indian Oil is India's flagship Maharatna national oil company
with business interests straddling the entire hydrocarbon
value chain - from refining, pipeline transportation &
marketing, to exploration & production of crude oil & gas,
petrochemicals, gas marketing, alternative energy sources
and globalisation of downstream operations.

The financial statements have been approved for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors
passed in its meeting held on April 30, 2025.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1.
Basis of preparation and statement of compliance
1.1 The financial statements have been prepared on accrual basis
and in accordance with the applicable Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under Section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) read with the Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules and other relevant provisions of
the Act and Rules thereunder, as amended from time to time.
1.2 The financial statements have been prepared on a historical
cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities
which have been measured at fair value:

-
Derivative financial instruments,

-
Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value (refer serial no. 16 of accounting policies
regarding financial instruments) and

-
Plan assets related to employee benefits (refer serial no.
12 of accounting policies regarding employee benefits)
1.3 The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (₹)
which is Company s presentation and functional currency
and all values are rounded to the nearest Crores (up to two
decimals) except when otherwise indicated.
2.
Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) and
Intangible Assets
2.1. Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
2.1.1 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) are stated in the
Balance Sheet at cost, less any accumulated depreciation
and accumulated impairment losses (if any), except
freehold land which are carried at historical cost.
2.1.2 Technical know-how / license fee relating to plants/
facilities and specific software that are integral part of
the related hardware are capitalized as part of cost of the
underlying asset.
2.1.3 Spare Parts are capitalized when they meet the definition
of PPE, i.e., when the Company intends to use these for a
period exceeding 12 months.
2.1.4 Environment responsibility related obligations directly
attributable to projects is recognized as project cost on
the basis of progress of project or on actual incurrence,
whichever is higher.
2.1.5 On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to continue
with the carrying value of all of its PPE recognized as at April
1, 2015 measured as per the previous GAAP and use that
carrying value as the deemed cost of the PPE.
2.2. Capital Work in Progress (CWIP)
2.2.1 Expenditure incurred on assets under construction
(including a project) is carried at cost under CWIP.
2.2.2. Construction Period Expenses

Revenue expenses exclusively attributable to projects
incurred during construction period are capitalized.

Borrowing cost incurred during construction period on loans
specifically borrowed and utilized for projects is capitalized on
quarterly basis up to the date of capitalization.

Borrowing cost, if any, incurred on General Borrowings used
for projects is capitalized at the weighted average cost of all
borrowings other than those mentioned above. The amount of
such borrowings is determined on quarterly basis after setting
off the amount of internal accruals.
2.2.3. Capital Stores

Capital Stores are valued at weighted average cost.
Specific provision is made for likely diminution in value,
wherever required.
2.3. Intangible Assets & Amortisation
2.3.1 Technical know-how / license fee relating to production
process and process design are recognized as Intangible
Assets and amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of
the underlying plant/ facility.
2.3.2 Expenditure incurred in research phase is charged to
revenue and that in development phase, unless IT is of
capital nature, is also charged to revenue.
2.3.3 Cost incurred on computer software/licenses purchased/
developed resulting in future economic benefits, other
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
than specific software that are integral part of the
related hardware, are capitalized as Intangible Asset and
amortised over a period of three years beginning from the
month in which such software/ licenses are capitalized.
However, where such computer software/ license is
under development or is not yet ready for its intended use,
accumulated cost incurred on such items are accounted as
Intangible Assets Under Development .
2.3.4 Right of ways with indefinite useful lives as per Petroleum
and Minerals Pipelines Act, 1962, are not amortised but
tested for impairment annually at the cash-generating unit
level. The assessment of indefinite life is reviewed annually
to determine whether the indefinite life continues to be
supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite
to finite is made on a prospective basis.
2.3.5 Intangible Assets acquired are measured on initial
recognition at cost. The cost of Intangible Assets acquired
in a business combination is based on its fair value at the
date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, Intangible
Assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation
and accumulated impairment losses. In case of internally
generated intangibles, development cost is recognized as
an asset when all the recognition criteria are met.
2.3.6 Intangible Assets are amortised over the useful life on
straight line basis and assessed for impairment whenever
there is an indication that the Intangible Asset may be
impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
method for an Intangible Asset are reviewed at the end
of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful
life or the expected pattern of consumption of future
economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to
modify the amortisation period or method, as appropriate,
and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The
amortisation expense on intangible assets is recognized in
the Statement of Profit and Loss unless such expenditure
forms part of carrying value of another asset.
2.3.7 On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to
continue with the carrying value of all of its Intangible
Assets recognized as at April 1, 2015 measured as per the
previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed
cost of the Intangible Assets.
2.3.8 Amortisation is charged pro-rata on monthly basis on
assets, from/upto the month of capitalization/ sale, disposal
or classified to Asset held for disposal.
2.4. Depreciation
2.4.1 Cost of PPE (net of residual value) excluding freehold land
is depreciated on straight-line method as per the useful life
prescribed in Schedule II to the Act except in case of the
following assets:

Useful life based on technical assessment

N
15 years for Plant and Equipment relating
to Retail Outlets (other than storage tanks
and related equipment), LPG cylinders and
pressure regulators

N
10 years for Dispensing Unit

N
25 years for solar power plant

N
Certain assets of R&D Centre (15-25 years)

N
Certain assets of CGD business, (Compressor /
Booster Compressor and Dispenser - 10 years,
Cascade - 20 years)

N
Moulds used for the manufacturing of the
packaging material for Lubricants- 5 years

N
In other cases, like Spare Parts etc. (2-30 years)

In case of specific agreements e.g., enabling assets
etc., useful life as per agreement or Schedule II to the
Act, whichever is lower.

In case of immovable assets constructed on leasehold
land, useful life as per Schedule-II to the Act or lease
period of land (considering renewable / likely renewable
period over and above the contractual lease period
considered for the leases), whichever is lower, and

In case where useful life is mandated as per the other
relevant statute or any of the regulation.

The Company depreciates components of the main asset
that are significant in value and have different useful lives
as compared to the main asset separately. The Company
depreciates spares over the life of the spare from the date IT
is available for use.
2.4.2 Depreciation is charged pro-rata on monthly basis on assets,
from/up to the month of capitalization/ sale, disposal or
classified to Asset held for disposal.
2.4.3 Residual value is determined considering past experience
and generally the same is between 0 to 5% of cost
of assets except:

In case of Steel LPG cylinder and pressure regulator,
residual value is considered at 25% and in case of fibre
composite LPG cylinder, residual value is considered
at 10% based on estimated realisable value

In case of catalyst with noble metal content,
residual value is considered based on the cost of
metal content and

In few cases residual value is considered based on
transfer value agreed in respective agreement.
2.4.4 PPE, other than LPG Cylinders and Pressure Regulators,
costing upto ₹5,000/- per item are depreciated fully in
the year of capitalization. Further, spares, components
like catalyst excluding noble metal content and major
overhaul/ inspection are also depreciated fully over their
respective useful life.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
2.4.5 The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation
of PPE are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted
prospectively, if appropriate.
3.
Leases

The Company assesses at contract inception whether
a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
a period of time in exchange for consideration.
3.1 Leases as Lessee (Assets taken on lease)

The Company applies a single recognition and measurement
approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
leases of low-value assets. The Company recognizes lease
liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
representing the right to use the underlying assets.
3.1.1. Lease Liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Company
recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value
of lease payments to be made over the contractual lease
term, for which enforceable rights is available. In calculating
the present value of lease payments, the Company uses the
incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
date, if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
determinable. After the commencement date, the amount
of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
interest and reduced for the lease payments made.
3.1.2. Right-of-use Assets

The Company recognizes right-of-use (ROU) assets at the
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured
at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
liabilities. Perpetual Right of use (ROU) assets related to land
are not depreciated but tested for Impairment loss, if any.
3.1.3 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Company applies the short-term lease recognition
exemption to its short-term leases of Property, Plant and
Equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of
12 months or less from the commencement date and do
not contain a purchase option). IT also applies the lease of
low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are
considered of low value and is not intended for sublease.
Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value
assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term or another systematic basis if that basis
is more representative of the pattern of the lessee s benefit.
3.2 Leases as Lessor (assets given on lease)
3.2.1 When the Company acts as lessor, IT determines at the
commencement of the lease whether IT is a finance lease
or an operating lease. Rental income from operating lease
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
relevant lease except where another systematic basis
is more representative of the time pattern of the benefit
derived from the asset given on lease.

All assets given on finance lease are shown as receivables
at an amount equal to net investment in the lease. Principal
component of the lease receipts is adjusted against
outstanding receivables and interest income is accounted
by applying the interest rate implicit in the lease to the
net investment.
3.2.2 When the Company is an intermediate lessor IT accounts for
its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately.
IT assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with
reference to the ROU asset arising from the head lease, not
with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a
short-term lease to which the Company applies the short-
term lease exemption described above, then IT classifies the
sub-lease as an operating lease.
4.
Impairment Of Non-Financial Assets (Also Refer
Para 14 For Impairment Of E&P Assets)

The Company assesses, at each reporting date, whether
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for
an asset is required, the Company estimates the asset s
recoverable amount. An asset s recoverable amount is the
higher of an asset s or cash-generating unit s (CGU) fair
value less cost of disposal and its value in use. Impairment
loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds recoverable amount.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
In determining fair value less cost of disposal, recent market
transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions
can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.
These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples,
quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or other
available fair value indicators.

The Company bases its impairment calculation on detailed
budgets and forecast calculations, which are prepared
separately for each of the Company's CGUs to which the
individual assets are allocated. These budgets and forecast
calculations generally cover a period of 15 years. For longer
periods, a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to
project future cash flows after the fifteenth year. To estimate
cash flow projections beyond periods covered by the most
recent budgets/forecasts, the Company extrapolates cash
flow projections in the budget using a steady or declining
growth rate for subsequent years, unless an increasing rate
can be justified.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
5.
Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition
or construction of the qualifying asset are capitalized as
part of the cost of such asset. Capitalization of borrowing
costs is suspended when active development activity on
the qualifying assets is interrupted other than on temporary
basis and charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss
during such extended periods. All other borrowing costs are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period
in which the same are incurred.
6. Foreign Currency Transactions
6.1 Transactions in foreign currency are initially recorded at
spot exchange rates prevailing on the date of transactions.
6.2 Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies (such as
cash, receivables, payables etc.) outstanding at the end of
reporting period, are translated at exchange rates prevailing
on that date.
6.3 Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currency,
(such as PPE, intangible assets, equity investments, capital/
revenue advances other than expected to be settled in cash
etc.) are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date
of the transaction, other than those measured at fair value.

Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on
translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is
treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the
change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation differences
on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognized in Other
Comprehensive Income (OCI) or the Statement of Profit and
Loss are also recognized in OCI or the Statement of Profit
and Loss, respectively).
6.4 Any gains or losses arising due to differences in exchange
rates at the time of translation or settlement are accounted
for in the Statement of Profit and Loss either under the head
foreign exchange fluctuation or interest cost to the extent
regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs as the case
may be, except those relating to loans mentioned below.

Exchange differences on long-term foreign currency loans
obtained or re-financed on or before March 31, 2016 relating
to acquisition of depreciable assets are adjusted to the
carrying cost of the assets and depreciated over the balance
life of the assets.
7.
Inventories
7.1. Raw Materials & Work in Progress
7.1.1 Raw materials including crude oil are valued at cost
determined on weighted average basis or net realisable
value, whichever is lower. Work in Progress is valued at raw
materials cost-plus processing cost as applicable or net
realisable value, whichever is lower. Crude oil in Transit is
valued at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower.
7.1.2 Initial cost of inventories includes the transfer of gains and
losses on qualifying cash flow hedges, recognized in OCI, in
respect of the purchases of raw materials.
7.2. Finished Products and Stock in Trade
7.2.1 Finished Products and Stock in Trade, other than lubricants,
are valued at cost determined on First in First Out basis
or net realisable value, whichever is lower. Cost of Finished
Products internally produced is determined based on raw
materials cost and processing cost.
7.2.2 Lubricants are valued at cost on weighted average basis or
net realisable value, whichever is lower. Cost of lubricants
internally produced is determined based on cost of inputs
and processing cost.
7.2.3 Imported products in transit are valued at cost or net
realisable value whichever is lower.
7.3. Stores and Spares
7.3.1. Stores and Spares (including Chemicals, packing Containers
i.e. empty barrels, tins etc.) are valued at weighted average
cost. Specific provision is made in respect of identified
obsolete stores & spares and chemicals for likely diminution
in value. Further, a provision @ 5% of cost is also made on
the balance stores and spares (excluding barrels, tins, stores
in transit, chemicals/catalysts, crude oil, and own products)
towards likely diminution in the value.
7.3.2 Stores and Spares in transit are valued at cost.
8.
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities & Contingent
Assets
8.1. Provisions

Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, IT
is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
8.2. Decommissioning Liability

Decommissioning costs are provided at the present value
of expected cost to settle the obligation using estimated
cash flows and are recognized as part of the cost of the
particular asset. The cash flows are discounted at a
current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the
decommissioning liability. The unwinding of the discount is
expensed as incurred and recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as a finance cost. The estimated future cost
of decommissioning is reviewed annually and adjusted as
appropriate. Changes in the estimated future cost or in the
discount rate applied are adjusted in the cost of the asset.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
8.3. Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
8.3.1 Show-cause notices issued by various Government
Authorities are generally not considered as obligations.
When the demand notices are raised against such show
cause notices and are disputed by the Company, these are
classified as disputed obligations.
8.3.2 The treatment in respect of disputed obligations is as under:

a provision is recognized in respect of present
obligations where the outflow of resources is probable
as per 8.1 above.

all other cases are disclosed as contingent liabilities
unless the possibility of outflow of resources is remote.
8.3.3 A contingent asset is disclosed where an inflow of economic
benefits is probable.
8.3.4 Contingent liabilities/assets are disclosed on the basis of
judgment of the management/independent experts and
reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to reflect the current
management estimate.
9.
Revenue

Revenue from Contracts with Customers
9.1 Revenue is recognized when control of the goods or
services are transferred to the customer at an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to
be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

The Company has generally concluded that IT is the principal
in its revenue arrangements, except a few agency services,
because IT typically controls the goods or services before
transferring them to the customer.

The Company considers whether there are other promises
in the contract that are separate performance obligations to
which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated
(e.g., customer loyalty points). In determining the transaction
price for the sale of products, the Company considers the
effects of variable consideration, the existence of significant
financing
components,
non-cash
consideration
consideration payable to the customer (if any).
9.2 Revenue from the sale of petroleum products, petrochemical
products, Crude and gas are recognized at a point in time,
generally upon delivery of the products. The Company
recognizes revenue over time using input method (on the
basis of time elapsed) in case of non-refundable deposits
from dealers and service contracts. In case of construction
contracts, revenue and cost are recognized by measuring
the contract progress using input method by comparing the
cost incurred and total contract cost.
9.3 The Company has assumed that recovery of excise duty
flows to the Company on its own account. This is for the
reason that IT is a liability of the manufacturer which forms
part of the cost of production, irrespective of whether the
goods are sold or not. Since the recovery of excise duty
flows to the Company on its own account, revenue includes
excise duty.

However, Sales Tax/ Goods and Services Tax (GST) and
Value Added Tax (VAT) is not received by the Company on
its own account. Rather, IT is tax collected on value added
to the product by the seller on behalf of the government.
Accordingly, IT is excluded from revenue.
9.4. Variable consideration

The Company provides volume rebates to certain customers
once the quantity of products purchased during the period
exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates are
offset against amounts payable by the customer. The volume
rebates/ cash discount give rise to variable consideration. To
estimate the variable consideration for the expected future
rebates/ cash discount, the Company applies the most likely
amount method for contracts with a single-volume threshold
and the expected value method for contracts with more than
one volume threshold. The selected method that best predicts
the amount of variable consideration is primarily driven by the
number of volume thresholds contained in the contract and
accordingly, the Company recognizes a refund liability for the
expected future rebates with suitable adjustments in revenue
from operations.
9.5. Loyalty Points

The Company operates various loyalty point schemes.
The transaction price allocated to customer loyalty points
is based on their relative estimated standalone selling
price and the same is reduced from revenue from sale
of goods. While estimating standalone selling price of
customer loyalty points, the likelihood of exercising the
option is adjusted. Wherever the Company is acting as
an agent in this arrangement, the Company recognize the
revenue on net basis.
10. Excise Duty

Excise duty is accounted on the basis of both, payments
made in respect of goods cleared and provision made for
goods lying in stock. Value of stock includes excise duty
payable / paid on finished goods, wherever applicable.
11. Taxes On Income
11.1. Current Income Tax

Provision for current tax is made as per the provisions of
the Income Tax Act, 1961. The tax rates and tax laws used
to compute the amount are those that are enacted or
substantively enacted, at the reporting date.

Current income tax relating to items recognized outside
profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss (either in
other comprehensive income or in equity). Management
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with
respect to applicable tax regulations which are subject to
interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
11.2. Deferred Tax
11.2.1 Deferred tax is provided using the Balance Sheet method
on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured based on tax rates (and
tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted
at the reporting date.
11.2.2 Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit
or loss is recognized outside profit or loss (either in other
comprehensive income or in equity).
12. Employee Benefits
12.1 Short Term Benefits

Short Term Employee Benefits are accounted for in the
Statement of Profit and Loss for the period during which the
services have been rendered.
12.2. Post-Employment Benefits and Other Long Term
Employee Benefits

The Company s contribution to the Provident Fund is
remitted to separate trusts established for this purpose
based on a fixed percentage of the eligible employee s
salary and charged to the Statement of Profit and
Loss/CWIP. Shortfall, if any, in the fund assets, based
on the Government specified minimum rate of return,
is made good by the Company and charged to the
Statement of Profit and Loss/CWIP.

The Company operates defined benefit plans
Gratuity,
Post-Retirement
Medical
Benefits,
Resettlement, Felicitation Scheme and Ex-gratia. The
cost of providing such defined benefits is determined
using the projected unit credit method of actuarial
valuation made at the end of the year. Out of these
plans, Gratuity and Post-Retirement Medical Benefits
are administered through respective Trusts.

Obligations on other long term employee benefits
viz leave encashment and Long Service Awards are
provided using the projected unit credit method of
actuarial valuation made at the end of the year. Out of
these obligations, leave encashment obligations are
funded through qualifying insurance policies made
with insurance companies.

The Company also operates a defined contribution
scheme for Pension benefits for its employees
and the contribution is remitted to a separate
Trust/Corporate NPS.
12.3 Remeasurements

Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and
losses and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts
included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability),
are recognized immediately in the Balance Sheet with a
corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in the period in which
IT occurs. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or
loss in subsequent periods. Remeasurements in respect of
other long-term benefits are recognized in the Statement of
13. Grants
13.1. Grant relating to Assets (Capital Grants)

In case of grants relating to depreciable assets, the cost
of the asset is shown at gross value and grant thereon is
treated as Deferred income which are recognized as "Other
Operating Revenues" usually in the Statement of Profit
and Loss over the period and in the proportion in which
depreciation is charged.
13.2. Grant related to Income (Revenue Grants)

Revenue grants are recognized in the Statement of Profit
and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
the entity recognizes as expenses the related cost for which
the grants are intended to compensate.

Subsidy and budgetary support towards under recoveries
are recognized in Revenue from Operations as per
schemes notified by Government from time to time, subject
to final adjustments, wherever applicable.

Revenue grants are generally recorded under Other
Operating Revenues , except north east excise duty
exemption which is netted off with the related expense.
13.3 When loans or similar assistance are provided by
governments or related institutions, with an interest rate
below the current applicable market rate or NIL interest
rate, the effect of this favourable interest is regarded as
a government grant. The loan or assistance is initially
recognized and measured at fair value and the government
grant is measured as the difference between the initial
carrying value of the loan and the proceeds received. The
loan is subsequently measured as per the accounting policy
applicable to financial liabilities. Classification of the grant is
made considering the terms and condition of the grant i.e.
whether grants relates to assets or otherwise.
14. Oil & Gas Exploration Activities
14.1 Pre-acquisition Cost

Expenditure incurred before obtaining the right(s) to
explore, develop and produce oil and gas are expensed as
and when incurred.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
14.2 Exploration Stage

Acquisition cost relating to projects under exploration
are initially accounted as Intangible Assets under
Development . The expenses on oil and gas assets that is
classified as intangible includes acquired rights to explore
and exploratory drilling cost.

Cost of Survey and prospecting activities conducted in the
search of oil and gas are expensed as exploration cost in the
year in which these are incurred.

If the project is not viable based upon technical feasibility
and commercial viability study, then all cost relating to
Exploratory Wells are expensed in the year when determined
to be dry. If the project is proved to be viable, then all cost
relating to drilling of Exploratory Wells shall be continued to
be presented as Intangible Assets under Development .
14.3 Development Stage

Acquisition cost relating to projects under development
stage are presented as Capital Work-in-Progress .

When a well is ready to commence commercial production,
the capitalized cost corresponding to proved developed
oil and gas reserves is reclassified as Completed wells/
Producing wells from Capital Work-in-Progress/ Intangible
Assets under Development to the gross block of assets.
Examples of Oil and Gas assets that might be classified as
Tangible Assets include development drilling cost, piping
and pumps and producing wells.
14.4. Production Phase

Production cost include pre-well head and post-well head
expenses including depreciation and applicable operating
cost of support equipment and facilities are expensed off.

Depletion is calculated using the Unit of Production method
based upon proved and developed reserves.
14.5. Abandonment Phase

In case of development / production phase, abandonment
/ decommissioning amount is recognized at the present
value of the estimated future expenditure. Any change
in the present value of the estimated decommissioning
expenditure other than the unwinding of discount is adjusted
to the decommissioning provision and the carrying value of the
corresponding asset. The unwinding of discount on provision
is charged in the Statement of Profit and Loss as finance costs.
14.6. Impairment of E&P Assets
14.6.1 Impairment testing in case of Development and
producing assets

In case of E&P related development and producing
assets, expected future cash flows are estimated using
management s best estimate of future oil and natural gas
prices, production volumes, proved & probable reserves
volumes and discount rate. The expected future cash
flows are estimated on the basis of value in use concept.
The value in use is based on the cash flows expected to be
generated by the projected oil or gas production profiles up
to the expected dates of cessation of production of each
producing field, based on current estimates of proved and
probable reserves and on reasonable & supportable fiscal
assumptions that represent management s best estimate
of the range of economic conditions that will exist over the
remaining useful life of the asset. Management takes a
long-term view of the range of economic conditions over the
remaining useful life of the asset and, are not based on the
relatively short-term changes in the economic conditions.
However, impairment of exploration and evaluation assets
is to be done in line with para-14.6.2.
14.6.2 Impairment in case of Exploration and Evaluation assets

Exploration and Evaluation assets are tested for impairment
where an indicator for impairment exists. In such cases, while
calculating recoverable amount, in addition to the factors
mentioned in 14.6.1, management s best estimate of total
current reserves and resources are considered (including
possible and contingent reserve) after appropriately
adjusting the associated inherent risks. Impairment loss
is reversed subsequently, to the extent that conditions for
impairment are no longer present.
14.6.3. Cash Generating Unit

In case of E&P Assets, the Company generally considers a
project as cash generating unit. However, in case where the
multiple fields are using common production/transportation
facilities and are sufficiently economically interdependent
the same are considered to constitute a single Cash
Generating Unit.
14.7 The Company accounts for jointly owned oil and gas assets,
in which IT is non-operator and holds only participating
interest, based on the accounting estimates and judgements
adopted by operator of the assets.
15. Current Versus Non-Current Classification

The Company uses twelve months period for determining
current and non-current classification of assets and
liabilities in the balance sheet.
16. Financial Instruments
16.1. Financial Assets

Initial recognition and measurement

All Financial Assets are recognized initially at fair value plus,
in the case of financial assets not recorded at fair value
through profit or loss, transaction cost that are attributable
to the acquisition of the Financial Asset. However, trade
receivables that do not contain a significant financing
component are measured at transaction price. Transaction
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
assets measured at fair value through profit or loss are

Subsequent measurement

For the purpose of subsequent measurement, Financial
Assets are classified in four categories:

N
Financial Assets at amortised cost

N
Debt Instruments at fair value through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)

N
Equity Instruments at fair value through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)

N
Financial Assets and derivatives at fair value through
profit or loss (FVTPL)
16.1.1. Financial Assets at Amortised Cost

A Financial Asset is measured at the amortised cost if both
the following conditions are met:

The asset is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual
cash flows, and

Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal
amount outstanding.

Financial Assets are subsequently measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any
discount or premium on acquisition and fees or cost that
are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is
included in finance income in the profit or loss. The losses
arising from impairment are recognized in the profit or loss.
Apart from the same, any income or expense arising from
remeasurement of financial assets measured at amortised
cost, in accordance with Ind AS 109, is recognized in the
Statement of Profit and Loss. This category generally
applies to trade and other receivables.
16.1.2. Debt Instrument at FVTOCI

A Debt Instrument is classified as at the FVTOCI if both of
the following criteria are met:

The objective of the business model is achieved both
by collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
financial assets, and

The asset s contractual cash flows represent solely
payments of principal and interest (SPPI).

Debt Instruments included within the FVTOCI category are
measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair
value. Fair Value movements are recognized in the Other
Comprehensive Income (OCI). However, the Company
recognizes interest income, impairment losses & reversals
and foreign exchange gain or loss in the Statement of Profit
and Loss. On derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or
loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified from the
Equity to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest earned
whilst holding FVTOCI Debt Instrument is reported as
interest income using the EIR method.
16.1.3. Equity Instrument

Equity Shares in Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and
Associates at Cost

Investments in Equity Shares of Subsidiaries, Joint
Ventures and Associates are accounted for at cost in
the financial statements and the same are tested for
impairment in case of any indication of impairment.

Share Warrants in Joint Ventures at FVTOCI

Investments in Share Warrants of Joint Ventures are
measured at fair value and the Company has made an
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes in
the fair value in Other Comprehensive Income.

Equity Investments in entities other than Subsidiaries,
Joint Ventures and Associates at FVTOCI

All such equity investments are measured at fair value
and the Company has made an irrevocable election to
present subsequent changes in the fair value in Other
Comprehensive Income. There is no recycling of the
amounts from OCI to the Statement of Profit and Loss,
even on sale of investments.

Dividend income is recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss when the Company s right to receive
dividend is established.
16.1.4. Debt Instruments and Derivatives at FVTPL

FVTPL is a residual category for Debt Instruments. Any
debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for
categorisation as at amortised cost or as FVTOCI, is
classified as at FVTPL.

This category also includes derivative financial instruments
entered into by the Company that are not designated as
hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by
Ind AS 109.Debt Instruments included within the FVTPL
category are measured at fair value with all changes
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest
income on such instruments has been presented under
interest income.
16.1.5. Impairment of Financial Assets

The Company applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model
for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on
the financial Assets that are measured at amortised cost
e.g., loans, debt securities, deposits, trade receivables
and bank balance.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognized
during the period is recognized as expense /income/ in
the Statement of Profit and Loss. In the Balance Sheet,
ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral part
of the measurement of those assets in the Balance Sheet.
The allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the
asset meets write-off criteria, the Company does not reduce
impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount.

Simplified Approach

The Company follows simplified approach for recognition
of impairment loss allowance on Trade Receivables. The
application of simplified approach does not require the
Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, IT recognizes
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each
reporting date, right from its initial recognition.

As a practical expedient, the Company uses a provision
matrix to determine impairment loss allowance on portfolio
of its trade receivables. The provision matrix is based on its
historically observed default rates over the expected life of
the trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking
estimates. At every reporting date, the historical observed
default rates are updated and changes in the forward-
looking estimates are analysed. On that basis, the Company
estimates provision on trade receivables at the reporting date.

General Approach

For recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets,
the Company determines that whether there has been a
significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition.
If credit risk has not increased significantly, 12-months ECL
is used to provide for impairment loss. However, if credit
risk has increased significantly, lifetime ECL is used. If, in a
subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves
such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk
since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognizing
impairment loss allowance based on 12-months ECL.

Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses resulting from all
possible default events over the expected life of a financial
instrument. The 12-months ECL is a portion of the lifetime
ECL which results from default events that are possible
within 12 months after the reporting date.
16.2. Financial Liabilities
16.2.1 Initial recognition and measurement

All Financial Liabilities are recognized initially at fair value
and, in the case of liabilities subsequently measured at
amortised cost, they are measured net of directly attributable
transaction cost. In case of Financial Liabilities measured at
fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial liabilities are

The Company s Financial Liabilities include trade and
other payables, loans and borrowings and derivative
financial instruments.
16.2.2. Subsequent measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their
classification, as described below:

Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through
the Statement of Profit and Loss. This category also
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the
Company that are not designated as hedging instruments
in hedge relationships as defined by Ind AS 109.

Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Financial Liabilities at amortised cost

Financial Liabilities that are not held-for-trading and
are not designated as at FVTPL are measured at
amortised cost at the end of subsequent accounting
periods. The carrying amounts of financial liabilities
that are subsequently measured at amortised cost are
determined based on the effective interest method.
Gains and losses are recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss when the liabilities are derecognized
as well as through the EIR amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account
any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
or cost that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR
amortisation is included as finance costs in the

Financial Guarantee Contracts

Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company
are those contracts that require a payment to be made
to reimburse the holder for a loss IT incurs because the
specified debtor fails to make the payment when due
in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantee contracts are recognized initially
as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction cost
that are directly attributable to the issuance of the
guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at
the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined
as per impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 and the
amount initially recognized less cumulative income
recognized in accordance with principles of Ind AS 115.
16.3. Derivative Instrument- Initial recognition / subsequent

Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized
at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is
entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value.
The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value of
derivatives depends on the designation or non- designation
of derivative as hedging instruments. Derivatives are carried
as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as
financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
16.3.1 Derivative that are designated as Hedge Instrument

The Company generally designates the whole contract as hedging
instrument, and these hedges are accounted for as cash flow
hedges. At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company
documents the hedge relationship to which the Company wishes
to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective,
strategy for undertaking the hedge, the hedging/ economic
relationship, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the
risk being hedged, hedge ratio and how the entity will assess the
effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument s fair value in
offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item s fair value
or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of these
derivatives is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income
and accumulated under the heading Cash Flow Hedge
Reserve within Equity. The fair value changes relating to
the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the
Statement of Profit and Loss. Amounts previously recognized
in OCI and accumulated in equity relating to effective portion
are reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in the periods
when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same
line item as the recognized hedged item or treated as basis
adjustment if a hedged forecast transaction subsequently
results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or non-
financial liability. When a forecasted transaction is no longer
expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss accumulated
in equity is transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
16.3.2 Derivatives that are not designated as Hedge Instrument

The Company enters into certain derivative contracts to
hedge risks which are not designated as hedges. Such
contracts are accounted for at fair value through the
Statement of Profit and Loss and are included in the Other
Income or Other Expenses as Gain on Derivatives or Loss on
Derivatives respectively.
17. Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents in the Balance Sheet comprise
cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an
original maturity of three months or less, which are subject
to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank overdraft
(negative balance in Account) is shown under short term
borrowings under Financial Liabilities & Positive balance in
that account is shown in Cash & Cash Equivalents.
18. Treasury Shares

Pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation, IOC Shares
Trust has been set up by IOCL for holding treasury shares
in relation to IBP and BRPL mergers. The shares held by IOC
Shares Trust are treated as treasury shares.

Own equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury
shares) are recognized at cost and deducted from equity.
No gain or loss is recognized in the Statement of Profit
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
and Loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
Company s own equity instruments.
III. NEW
STANDARDS/
AMENDMENTS
AND
OTHER CHANGES EFFECTIVE APRIL 1,2024 OR
THEREAFTER

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 to
notify new standards or amend the existing standards and
the such notifications during the Financial Year 2024-25
are as follows:

N
Vide Notification G.S.R. 492 (E) dated 12th August
2024, in which Ind AS 104 on Insurance Contract was
omitted and the new Indian Accounting Standard (Ind
AS) 117 on Insurance Contracts has been notified.
Insurance contract is defined by the Ind AS 117
as A contract under which one party (the issuer)
accepts significant insurance risk from another party
(the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the
policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the
insured event) adversely affects the policyholder. . The
Company does not have any contract falling under the
definition of Insurance contract and hence impact of
the new Ind AS is not material.

N
Vide Notification G.S.R. 554(E) dated 9th September 2024,
amendments have been made in Indian Accounting
Standard (Ind AS) 116 on Leases with reference to the
Sale and Lease back transactions. These transactions
are where an entity (the seller-lessee) transfers an asset
to another entity (the buyer-lessor) and leases that
asset back from the buyer-lessor. The Company does
not have any contract falling under the category of Sale
and Lease back transactions and hence the impact of
the amendment is not material.

N
Vide Notification G.S.R. 602(E) dated 28th September
2024, amendments have been made to enable
insurer or insurance company to provide its financial
statement as per Ind AS 104 for the purposes of
consolidated financial statements by its parent or
investor or venturer till the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority notifies the Ind AS 117 and to
revive Ind AS 104 for this purpose.

As the Company is not an insurer or and insurance
company the amendment does not have any
material impact.
IV. NEW STANDARDS/ AMENDMENTS ISSUED BUT
NOT YET EFFECTIVE

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015
to notify new standards or amend the existing standards.
During the year no new standard or modification in existing
standard has been notified which will be applicable from
April 1, 2025, or thereafter.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 1B: ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES & JUDGEMENTS
The preparation of the Company s financial statements requires
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets
and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the
disclosure of contingent liabilities. These include recognition
and measurement of financial instruments, estimates of useful
lives and residual value of Property, Plant and Equipment and
Intangible Assets, valuation of inventories, measurement of
recoverable amounts of cash-generating units, measurement of
employee benefits, actuarial assumptions, provisions etc.
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could
result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the
carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.
The Company continually evaluates these estimates and
assumptions based on the most recently available information.
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized prospectively
in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the
estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.
A. JUDGEMENTS

In the process of applying the Company s accounting
policies, management has made the following judgements,
which have the significant effect on the amounts recognised
in the financial statements:

Materiality

Ind AS requires assessment of materiality by the Company
for accounting and disclosure of various transactions in the
financial statements. Accordingly, the Company assesses
materiality limits for various items for accounting and
disclosures and follows on a consistent basis. Overall
materiality is also assessed based on various financial
parameters such as Gross Block of assets, Net Block of
Assets, Total Assets, Revenue and Profit Before Tax. The
materiality limits are reviewed and approved by the Board.

Intangible Asset under Development

Acquisition costs and drilling of exploratory well costs are
capitalized as intangible asset under development and are
reviewed at each reporting date to confirm that exploration
drilling is still under way or work has been determined /
under way to determine that the discovery is economically
viable based on a range of technical & commercial
considerations and for establishing development plans
and timing, sufficient / reasonable progress is being made.
If no future activity is planned on reasonable grounds
/ timeframes, Intangible asset under development and
property acquisition costs is written off. Upon start of
production from field and recognition of proved reserves,
cost carried as intangible asset under development is
transferred to producing properties. Also refer Note-34 for
related disclosures.

Contingencies

Contingent liabilities may arise from the ordinary course
of business in relation to claims against the Company,
including legal, contractor, land access and other claims.
By their nature, contingencies will be resolved only when
one or more uncertain future events occur or fail to occur.
The assessment of the existence, and potential quantum, of
contingencies inherently involves the exercise of significant
judgement and the use of estimates regarding the outcome
of future events.
ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key
sources of estimation at the reporting date, that have a
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
financial year, are described below.

Existing circumstances and assumptions about future
developments, however, may change due to market changes
or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the
Company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions
when they occur.

Defined benefit plans/ Other Long term employee
benefits

The cost of the defined benefit plans and other long term
employee benefit plans are determined using actuarial
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various
assumptions that may differ from actual developments in
the future. These include the determination of the discount
rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due to
the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-
term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive
to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are
reviewed at each reporting date.

The parameter most subject to change is the discount
rate. The management considers the interest rates of
government securities based on expected settlement period
of various plans.

Further details about various employee benefit obligations
are given in Note 35.

Fair value measurement of financial instruments

When the fair values of financial assets and financial
liabilities recorded in the Balance Sheet cannot be measured
based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value
is measured using valuation techniques including the
Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model based on level-2 and
level-3 inputs. The inputs to these models are taken from
observable markets where possible, but where this is not
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair
values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such
as price estimates, volume estimates, rate estimates etc.
Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the
reported fair value of financial instruments. Also refer Note 39
for further disclosures of estimates and assumptions.

Impairment of Financial Assets

The impairment provisions for trade receivables are made
considering simplified approach based on assumptions
about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Company
uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting
the inputs to the impairment calculation based on the
Company s past history and other factors at the end of
each reporting period. In case of other financial assets,
the Company applies general approach for recognition of
impairment losses wherein the Company uses judgement in
considering the probability of default upon initial recognition
and whether there has been a significant increase in credit
risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
Also refer Note-40 for impairment analysis and provision.

Income Taxes

The Company uses estimates and judgements based on the
relevant facts, circumstances, present and past experience,
rulings, and new pronouncements while determining the
provision for income tax. A deferred tax asset is recognised
to the extent that IT is probable that future taxable profit
will be available against which the deductible temporary
differences and tax losses can be utilised.
NOTE - 1B: ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES & JUDGEMENTS (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 2: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Current Year
Particulars
Land -
Freehold
Plant and
Equipment
Office
Equipments
Transport
Equipment
Furniture
& Fixtures
Railway
Sidings
Sewage and
Water Supply
System
Producing
Properties
(E&P Blocks)
Right of
Use Assets
(ROU)
Total
(Refer
A&D)
(Refer
B&D)
(Refer D)
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at April 01, 2024
3,877.38
25,304.83
1,98,717.19
3,156.09
113.97
2,910.37
319.40
1,318.35
199.92
16,015.42
2,51,932.92
119.26
172.83
3,358.89
322.16
12.33
87.67
2.33
1.84
-
3,981.11
8,058.42
Transfers from Capital work-in-
-
2,164.45
9,480.13
388.24
1.72
546.30
53.63
0.56
292.84
-
12,927.87
Disposals/ Deductions/
Transfers/ Reclassifications*
(0.84)
(97.21)
(1,168.77)
(159.15)
52.81
(26.23)
(0.19)
(2.81)
-
(2,631.94)
(4,034.33)
Gross Block as at March 31, 2025
3,995.80
27,544.90
2,10,387.44
3,707.34
180.83
3,518.11
375.17
1,317.94
492.76
17,364.59
2,68,884.88
DEPRECIATION &
AMORTISATION
Depreciation & Amortisation as at
April 01, 2024
-
6,930.83
57,281.34
1,963.98
61.10
1,595.10
113.50
407.13
85.64
5,773.86
74,212.48
Depreciation & Amortisation
-
1,289.41
9,656.86
484.33
40.76
261.08
20.54
51.43
27.76
3,239.14
15,071.31
Disposals/ Deductions/
Transfers/ Reclassifications
-
(26.54)
(533.33)
(125.84)
9.16
(27.11)
(0.15)
(0.21)
-
(2,251.05)
(2,955.07)
Depreciation & Amortisation
as at March 31, 2025
-
8,193.70
66,404.87
2,322.47
111.02
1,829.07
133.89
458.35
113.40
6,761.95
86,328.72
IMPAIRMENT
Impairment Loss as at April 01, 2024
-
98.39
-
3.10
101.49
Impairment Loss during the year
-
63.36
-
4.81
68.17
Impairment Loss reversed during
-
-2.09
-
-0.01
-2.10
Impairment Loss as at March
31, 2025
-
159.66
-
7.90
167.56
Net Block as at March 31, 2025
3,995.80
19,351.20
1,43,822.91
1,384.87
69.81
1,689.04
241.28
859.59
379.36
10,594.74
1,82,388.60
Particulars
Land -
Freehold
Plant And
Equipment
Office
Equipments
Transport
Equipment
Furniture
& Fixtures
Railway
Sidings
Sewage and
Water Supply
System
Producing
Properties
(E&P Blocks)
Right of
Use Assets
(ROU)
Total
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at April 01, 2023
3,829.68
21,817.90
1,77,538.22
2,730.08
106.63
2,378.98
316.17
1,309.60
199.26
14,616.20
2,24,842.72
62.28
179.24
3,283.22
361.68
6.05
80.45
2.38
0.66
-
3,464.63
7,440.59
Transfers from Capital work-in-
-
3,413.79
18,537.05
318.16
3.25
465.06
2.32
8.13
0.66
-
22,748.42
Disposals/ Deductions/
Transfers/ Reclassifications*
(14.58)
(106.10)
(641.30)
(253.83)
(1.96)
(14.12)
(1.47)
(0.04)
-
(2,065.41)
(3,098.81)
Gross Block as at March 31,
3,877.38
25,304.83
1,98,717.19
3,156.09
113.97
2,910.37
319.40
1,318.35
199.92
16,015.42
2,51,932.92
DEPRECIATION &
AMORTISATION
Depreciation & Amortisation as at
April 01, 2023
-
5,760.03
47,962.70
1,681.98
53.60
1,381.68
94.06
355.90
75.66
4,728.92
62,094.53
Depreciation & Amortisation
-
1,183.17
9,564.25
430.35
8.49
227.48
19.44
51.24
9.98
2,930.52
14,424.92
Disposals/ Deductions/
Transfers/ Reclassifications
-
(12.37)
(245.61)
(148.35)
(0.99)
(14.06)
-
(0.01)
-
(1,885.58)
(2,306.97)
Depreciation & Amortisation
as at March 31, 2024
-
6,930.83
57,281.34
1,963.98
61.10
1,595.10
113.50
407.13
85.64
5,773.86
74,212.48
IMPAIRMENT
Impairment Loss as at April 01,
-
98.39
-
3.10
101.49
Impairment Loss during the year
-
Impairment Loss as at March
31, 2024
-
98.39
-
3.10
101.49
Net Block as at March 31, 2024
3,877.38
18,374.00
1,41,337.46
1,192.11
52.87
1,315.27
205.90
911.22
114.28
10,238.46
1,77,618.95
Previous Year
*Include adjustments on account of assets classified as held for sale in accordance with Ind AS 105
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Freehold Land includes H1.61 crore (2024: H1.61 crore) lying vacant due to title disputes/ litigation.

Out of the Freehold land measuring 1364.01 acres at Mathura and Agra regions, land measuring 50 acres (approx) has been
acquired by NHAI as a part of the NH2 widening project for which the determination of value of compensation is pending.
Accordingly, the value of land amounting to H1.18 crore is continued to be included in Freehold land.

Freehold Land of 490 acres at Guwahati Refinery includes land parcel of approx. 32.39 acres (Costing H0.05 crore) on which
public roads, drains etc. have been constructed by PWD, Govt. of Assam.

Freehold Land includes H41.75 crore of compensation paid in respect of land at Panipat Refinery as per District and High
court orders of earlier dates, which was later quashed by subsequent High Court order dated 18.12.2019. Since, the process
of recovery of compensation already paid, has been stayed by Hon'ble Supreme Court vide order dated 21.09.2020, necessary
adjustment shall be made in the cost of the land upon actual recovery, if any.
Buildings include H0.01 crore (2024: H0.01 crore) towards 1605 (2024: 1605) nos. of shares in Co-operative Housing Societies
towards membership of such societies for purchase of flats.

Includes Roads, Bridges etc. (i.e. Assets other than Building) of Gross block amounting to H6207.6 crore (2024: H6699.32
crore) and net block amounting to H3420.8 crore (2024: H3538.55 crore).
Depreciation and amortisation for the year includes H96.42 crore (2024: H81.37 crore) relating to construction period expenses
shown in 'Note - 2.2'
Land and Buildings (Including ROU Asset) includes Gross Carrying Value of H508.61 crore (2024: H933.03 crore) in respect of which
Title/ Lease Deeds are pending for execution or renewal. (Refer Note - 48)
Impairment assessment has been carried out at period end by comparing the recoverable amount with the carrying value of assets
under respective CGUs, as per Ind AS 36. Given the uncertainity over realisation of electricity tariffs and variations in Capacity
Utilization Factor of some windmill assets, impairment loss of H68.17 crore (2024: NIL) and impairment reversal of H2.10 crore
(2024: NIL) has been recognized, based on its value in use computed considering a discounting rate of 9.80%.
During the year, Useful life of DEF Plant has been reviewed and changed from 25 years to 15 years. The impact on account of this
change is increase in depreciation charge by H5.66 crore in FY 2024-25 which will be offset over future periods in the Statement
of Profit & Loss.
During the year, Useful life of Optical Fibre Cable have been reviewed and changed from 13 years to 18 years. The impact on
account of this change is reduction in depreciation charge by H11.91 crore in FY 2024-25 which will be offset over future periods
in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
For further details regarding ROU Assets, refer 'Note - 36'.
In accordance with the requirements prescribed under Schedule II to Companies Act, 2013, the Company has adopted useful lives
as prescribed in that schedule except in some cases as per point no. 2.4.1 of material accounting policies (Note-1).

Details of assets given on operating lease included in Property, Plant and Equipment:
NOTE - 2: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Contd..)
Asset Particulars
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation &
Amortisation
Accumulated
Impairment
Loss
W.D.V. as at
March 31, 2025
W.D.V. as at
March 31, 2024
Land - Freehold
10.21
-
10.21
7.47
ROU Asset (Land - Leasehold)
217.18
62.89
-
154.29
70.00
Buildings
118.39
35.08
-
83.31
84.37
Plant and Equipment
381.21
89.97
-
291.24
159.31
Office Equipment
11.46
10.04
-
1.42
3.15
Furniture
2.31
1.12
-
1.19
0.64
Drainage,Sewage & Water Supply
-
1.40
Total
740.76
199.10
-
541.66
326.34
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 2: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Contd..)
Asset Particulars
Exchange Fluctuation
Borrowing Cost
Buildings
-
(0.15)
24.74
66.94
Plant and Equipment
-
(8.55)
339.11
1,017.84
Office Equipments
-
1.73
7.40
Furniture & Fixtures
-
0.01
0.48
Railway Sidings
-
3.32
-
Drainage, Sewage & Water Supply
-
(0.34)
-
Total
-
(9.04)
368.91
1,092.66
Asset Particulars
Temporarily Idle
Retired from Active Use and
not classified as Held for Sale
Immovable Assets
constructed on short-term
leases *
Land - Freehold
3.44
3.09
0.46
-
Land - Leasehold
0.03
0.54
-
Buildings
13.11
10.14
12.44
11.33
339.29
493.46
Plant and Equipment
204.45
195.91
125.49
174.82
-
Office Equipments
0.08
0.05
0.07
0.08
-
Furniture & Fixtures
0.48
0.50
0.34
0.38
-
Railway Sidings
-
5.62
0.07
-
Total
221.59
210.23
144.42
187.14
339.29
493.46
Asset Particulars
Name of Joint Owner*
Gross
Block
Accumulated
Depreciation &
Amortisation
Accumulated
Impairment
Loss
W.D.V. as at
W.D.V. as at
Land - Freehold
HPCL, BPCL
9.08
-
9.08
9.65
ROU Asset (Land - Leasehold)
BPCL
0.05
0.01
-
0.04
Buildings
HPCL, BPCL, Others
69.21
26.27
-
42.94
47.10
Plant and Equipment
HPCL, BPCL, RIL, Others
68.20
32.36
-
35.84
38.03
Office Equipments
BPCL
0.49
0.13
-
0.36
0.46
Railway Sidings
HPCL, BPCL
15.13
9.27
-
5.86
9.62
Drainage, Sewage & Water Supply HPCL, BPCL, GSFC
0.45
0.14
-
0.31
0.32
Total
162.61
68.18
-
94.43
105.22

Details of Company's share of Jointly Owned Assets included in Property, Plant and Equipment:

* HPCL: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd., BPCL: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd., GSFC: Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd., RIL: Reliance
Industries Limited

Additions to Gross Block Includes

Carrying Value of temporarily idle assets/ assets retired from active use and not classified as held for sale/ immovable
assets constructed on short-term leases included in Property, Plant and Equipment:

* Includes leases for which agreement are yet to be entered or due for renewal.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 2.1: CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS
Current Year
Particulars
Construction
Work in Progress
- Tangible Assets
Capital
Stores
Capital Goods
in Transit
Construction
Period Expenses
Total
Refer A
Refer B
43,836.51
8,839.27
1,705.82
2,888.56
57,270.16
27,839.62
4,629.82
1,926.22
-
34,395.66
-
1,812.69
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment (Note 2)
(12,927.87)
-
(12,927.87)
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment - Direct
Addition
-
(8.03)
-
(8.03)
Transfer to Statement of Profit and Loss
(8.83)
-
(8.83)
663.10
(5,043.25)
(1,750.19)
(733.51)
(6,863.85)
59,402.53
8,425.84
1,873.82
3,967.74
73,669.93
Provision for Capital Losses
(192.28)
(24.49)
-
(216.77)
59,210.25
8,401.35
1,873.82
3,967.74
73,453.16
Particulars
Construction
Work in Progress
- Tangible Assets
Capital
Stores
Capital Goods
in Transit
Construction
Period Expenses
Total
Refer A
Refer B
34,370.10
8,490.41
1,126.11
3,426.39
47,413.01
29,047.47
4,614.50
1,940.15
-
35,602.12
-
1,399.11
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment (Note 2)
(22,748.42)
-
(22,748.42)
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment - Direct
Addition
-
(28.92)
-
(28.92)
Transfer to Statement of Profit and Loss
(2.25)
(0.01)
-
(2.26)
3,169.61
(4,265.63)
(1,331.52)
(1,936.94)
(4,364.48)
43,836.51
8,839.27
1,705.82
2,888.56
57,270.16
Provision for Capital Losses
(190.17)
(55.76)
-
(245.93)
43,646.34
8,783.51
1,705.82
2,888.56
57,024.23
Previous Year
Includes H258.86 crore (2024: H461.21 crore) towards Capital Expenditure relating to ongoing Oil & Gas Exploration &
Production activities
Includes H482.86 crore (2024: H678.92 crore) towards Stock lying with Contractors
Ageing of Capital Work in Progress
Particulars
Amount of CWIP for a period of
Total
Current Year
Projects in Progress
35,309.36
22,103.21
9,913.21
5,718.10
73,043.88
17.91
168.17
272.88
167.09
626.05
Total
35,327.27
22,271.38
10,186.09
5,885.19
73,669.93
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
30,390.64
18,964.96
5,430.84
2,113.36
56,899.80
153.80
42.31
1.79
172.46
370.36
Total
30,544.44
19,007.27
5,432.63
2,285.82
57,270.16
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 2.1: CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS (Contd..)
Particulars
Current Year
Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
-
351.49
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
-
8,459.00
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
-
1,634.98
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
8,168.43
-
RLNG Infrastructure at Haldia Refinery
124.73
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
770.18
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
18,851.51
-
Additional Storage Tanks at Paradip Refinery
155.29
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
1,106.06
-
Installation of Standby SRU Train along with Incinerator at
Paradip Refinery
317.24
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid
(PTA) Project at Paradip Refinery
-
7,160.47
-
New Mundra-Panipat Crude Oil Pipeline
6,165.19
-
Augmentation of Salaya Mathura Crude Oil Pipeline System
813.70
2.39
-
Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru Natural Gas Pipeline
-
527.70
-
Cryogenics Expansion Project Dindori MIDC
185.95
-
Chennai POL Jetty
764.01
-
Grass Root POL Terminal At Vallur, Chennai
493.31
-
New Lube Complex at Chennai
873.02
-
Vizag Terminal Revamping
116.86
-
Construction Of New Mirzapur Terminal
-
153.16
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
60.41
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
163.74
-
AA/ONDSF/UMATARA/2018
42.64
-
GABON SHAKTHI
-
0.02
-
CBG Gorakhpur Plant
143.95
-
New R&D Campus-IOTDDC
-
1,107.33
-
Other Projects *
2,667.35
126.74
4.13
1.02
Total
41,213.39
20,293.44
4.13
1.04
-
80. TPH Petcoke Fired Boiler Project at Guwahati Refinery
-
119.47
-
Asanur PPN Section of Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru
Natural Gas Pipeline
-
276.73
-
CBR Asanur Pipeline and its hook up with existing Chennai
Trichy Madurai Product Pipeline
-
143.43
-
Other Projects *
2.21
-
83.91
Total
2.21
-
623.54
Completion Schedule of Capital Work in Progress for Projects where Completion is Overdue or Cost has Exceeded its
Original Plan
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Completion Schedule of Capital Work in Progress for Projects where Completion is Overdue or Cost has Exceeded its
Original Plan
NOTE - 2.1: CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS (Contd..)
Particulars
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
277.12
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
7,922.17
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
2,366.90
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
-
5,712.84
-
RLNG Infrastructure at Haldia Refinery
127.48
-
2G Ethanol Project at Panipat Refinery
622.28
-
148.02
-
Catalyst Plant at Panipat Refinery
166.96
-
PX-PTA Expansion at Panipat Refinery
363.21
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
95.13
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
-
9,305.46
-
Additional Storage Tanks at Paradip Refinery
434.99
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
1,588.60
-
Installation of Standby SRU Train along with Incinerator at
Paradip Refinery
267.02
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid
(PTA) Project at Paradip Refinery
-
5,867.45
-
Infrastructure for R-LNG Utilization Project at Paradip Refinery
138.85
-
30 Haldia-Barauni Crude oil pipeline and conversion of
existing 18 Haldia-Barauni section to Product & Gas service
138.34
-
Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru Natural Gas Pipeline
716.85
-
Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline
602.66
-
Augmentation of Salaya Mathura Crude Oil Pipeline
System
783.49
-
Lube Complex at Amullavoyal
715.71
-
Chittoor LPG Bottling Plant
118.96
-
POL Terminal at Malkapur
257.39
-
Vizag Terminal Revamping
114.13
-
Khordha Bottling Plant
118.39
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
302.06
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
-
142.02
-
New R&D Campus
-
758.91
-
Other Projects *
2,496.01
149.57
-
0.48
Total
20,787.59
22,031.38
-
0.48
-
80. TPH Petcoke Fired Boiler Project at Guwahati Refinery
-
120.38
-
Other Projects *
12.67
-
81.91
Total
12.67
-
202.29
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Note - 2.2: CONSTRUCTION PERIOD EXPENSES (NET) DURING THE YEAR
Particulars
Employee Benefit Expenses
355.33
406.50
Repairs and Maintenance
3.09
2.29
Consumption of Stores and Spares
0.01
Power & Fuel
37.82
21.93
Rent
(0.81)
7.66
Rates and Taxes
0.83
2.18
Travelling Expenses
26.02
29.27
Communication Expenses
0.70
1.41
Printing and Stationery
0.55
0.52
Electricity and Water Charges
128.48
18.89
Bank Charges
0.12
0.76
Technical Assistance Fees
2.55
1.40
Finance Costs
A
1,204.11
842.96
Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment on

Property, Plant and Equipment
96.42
81.37

Intangible Assets
0.08
-
Start Up/ Trial Run Expenses (net of revenue)
29.78
(15.07)
Others
31.88
76.36
Total Expenses
1,916.96
1,478.44
Less : Recoveries
104.27
79.33
1,812.69
1,399.11
A. Rate of Specific borrowing eligible for capitalisation is 1.08% to 8.13% (2024: 1.08% to 8.04%)
NOTE - 3: INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Current Year
Particulars
Right of Way
(Refer B)
Licenses
Computer
Software (Refer C)
Total
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at April 01, 2024
1,548.68
2,143.35
656.58
4,348.61
111.09
2.45
31.97
145.51
Transfers from Intangible Assets under Development
-
214.02
109.61
323.63
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers / Reclassifications
-
(15.63)
(22.22)
(37.85)
Gross Block as at March 31, 2025
1,659.77
2,344.19
775.94
4,779.90
AMORTISATION
Amortisation as at April 01, 2024
23.93
611.52
465.36
1,100.81
0.16
124.90
118.20
243.26
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers / Reclassifications
(0.01)
(7.91)
(18.23)
(26.15)
Amortisation as at March 31, 2025
24.08
728.51
565.33
1,317.92
Net Block as at March 31, 2025
1,635.69
1,615.68
210.61
3,461.98
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Right of Way
(Refer B)
Licenses
Computer
Software (Refer C)
Total
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at April 01, 2023
1,457.02
1,825.34
491.22
3,773.58
91.66
27.14
28.95
147.75
Transfers from Intangible Assets under Development
-
291.85
139.86
431.71
Deductions / Transfers / Reclassifications
-
(0.98)
(3.45)
(4.43)
Gross Block as at March 31, 2024
1,548.68
2,143.35
656.58
4,348.61
AMORTISATION
Amortisation as at April 01, 2023
23.64
514.15
397.07
934.86
0.29
97.40
68.36
166.05
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers/ Reclassifications
-
(0.03)
(0.07)
(0.10)
Amortisation as at March 31, 2024
23.93
611.52
465.36
1,100.81
Net Block as at March 31, 2024
1,524.75
1,531.83
191.22
3,247.80
Previous Year
NOTE - 3: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Contd..)
There are no internally generated Intangible Assets.
Amortisation for the year includes H 0.08 crore (2024: Nil) relating to construction period expenses shown in Note 2.2
Net Block of Intangible Assets with indefinite useful life
Particulars
At March 31, 2025
At March 31, 2024
Right of Way
1,633.51
1,522.43

Right of way for laying pipelines are acquired on a perpetual basis.
Details of Company's share of Jointly Owned Assets included in the above:
Asset Particulars
Name of Joint Owner*
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation &
Amortisation
W.D.V. as at
W.D.V. as at
Computer Software
HPCL, BPCL
3.73
2.25
1.48
2.41
Total
3.73
2.25
1.48
2.41
Particulars
Total
2,511.20
910.37
Transfer to Intangible Assets (Note 3)
(323.63)
86.19
3,184.13
Provision for Loss
(422.99)
2,761.14

* HPCL: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd., BPCL: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.
NOTE - 3.1: INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT
Current Year
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 3.1: INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT (Contd..)
Intangible assets under development are mainly in the nature of Exploration & Production Blocks and Licences & Computer Softwares.
Amount above includes H317.4 crore (2024:H273.34 crore) towards Capital Expenditure (Net) relating to ongoing Oil & Gas Exploration
& Production activities.
Ageing of Intangible Assets under Development
Particulars
Amount of Intangible Assets under Development for a period of
Total
Current Year
Projects in Progress
981.36
283.86
376.29
1,093.84
2,735.35
5.65
39.96
-
403.17
448.78
Total
987.01
323.82
376.29
1,497.01
3,184.13
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
352.53
343.73
106.77
1,228.53
2,031.56
0.70
-
0.28
478.66
479.64
Total
353.23
343.73
107.05
1,707.19
2,511.20
Completion Schedule of Intangible Assets under Development for Projects where Completion is Overdue or Cost has
Exceeded its Original Plan
Particulars
Current Year
i) Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
-
15.01
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
-
151.60
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
-
212.99
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
273.11
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
66.66
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
386.37
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
92.37
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid
(PTA) Project at Paradip Refinery
-
195.68
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
14.50
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
25.25
-
GABON-SHAKTHI
-
188.12
-
AA-ONHP-2018/5
-
5.43
-
Area-95/96, Libya
-
84.07
-
Others *
13.20
-
Total
804.80
641.94
-
277.62
Particulars
Total
2,242.72
403.45
Transfer to Intangible Assets (Note 3)
(431.71)
296.74
2,511.20
Provision for Loss
(469.79)
2,041.41
Previous Year
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 3.1: INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT (Contd..)
Particulars
-
Residue Upgradation Project at Mathura Refinery
-
132.21
-
Farsi, Iran
-
126.26
-
GK-OSN-2009/1
-
0.28
-
RJ-ONHP-2019/3
-
5.33
-
RJ-ONHP-2019/2
-
12.72
-
RJ-ONHP-2018/2
-
15.93
-
Others *
-
136.94
Total
-
429.67
Particulars
Previous Year
i) Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
15.01
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
151.60
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
226.92
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
-
207.77
-
2G Ethanol Plant at Panipat Refinery
10.32
-
0.35
-
PX/PTA Expansion at Panipat Refinery
144.57
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
66.38
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
-
383.32
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
96.26
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid
(PTA) Project at Paradip Refinery
-
195.68
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
30.86
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
-
25.25
-
Shakthi Gabon
-
173.72
-
Others *
21.66
2.55
-
Total
697.55
880.95
-
173.72
-
Residue Upgradation Project at Mathura Refinery
-
132.21
-
Farsi, Iran
-
126.26
-
Others *
-
221.16
Total
-
479.63
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS
Particulars
Investment Currency
March 31, 2025
Number
Face Value
Investment Value
(1)
NON-CURRENT INVESTMENTS
Equity Shares
A
In Subsidiaries (At Cost)
Quoted
Indian Rupees
77265200
509.33
Sri Lankan Rupees
400000005
194.13
(Quoted in Colombo Stock Exchange, Sri Lanka)
Unquoted
Indian Oil Mauritius Limited
Mauritian Rupees
4882043
75.67
IOC Middle East FZE
Arab Emirates Dirham
3550500
3.56
IOC Sweden AB
Euro
10234882
2.28
492.78
USD
5763538921
0.01
336.32
Canadian Dollars
1131302435
7,840.35
IOCL Singapore PTE Ltd
USD
1329991988
9,005.34
Indian Rupees
660250000
660.25
Indian Rupees
100000
0.10
Indian Rupees
50000000
50.00
Sub-total: (I)(A)
19167.83
B
In Associates (At Cost)
Quoted
Indian Rupees
187500000
98.75
Unquoted
Indian Rupees
4500000
4.50
Petronet India Limited (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
18000000
0.10
0.18
Indian Rupees
50000000
26.02
Sub-total: (I)(B)
129.45
In Joint Ventures (At Cost)
Unquoted
Indian Rupees
500972175
739.96
Indian Rupees
499200
61.71
Indian Rupees
134000000
134.00
Petronet CI Limited (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
3744000
3.83
Indian Rupees
25292250
51.15
Indian Rupees
25950000
73.28
Naira
2500000
0.05
Indian Rupees
60680000
60.68
Indian Rupees
222861375
222.86
NPCIL-IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited
Indian Rupees
260000
0.26
Indian Rupees
579605012
579.61
Indian Rupees
157820000
157.82
IndianOil-Adani Gas Private Limited
Indian Rupees
718365000
718.37
Indian Rupees
52918750
52.92
Indian Rupees
670125000
670.13
IndianOil LNG Private Limited a
Indian Rupees
-
Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited
Indian Rupees
2642985000
2,642.99
Ratnagiri Refineries & Petrochemicals Limited
Indian Rupees
100000000
100.00
Indian Rupees
230560000
241.76
Indian Rupees
1529000000
1,529.00
Indian Rupees
30000000
30.00
Indian Rupees
14937500
14.94
Indian Rupees
32720000
32.72
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited
Indian Rupees
12500
0.01
Indian Rupees
48050000
48.05
Indian Rupees
1000000
1.00
Indian Rupees
54150000
54.15
Indian Rupees
185010000
185.01
Sub-total: (I)(C)
8406.26
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Fair Value Adjustment/
Impairment Loss
Carrying Value
Number
Face Value
Investment Value
Fair Value Adjustment/
Impairment Loss
Carrying Value
(2)
(1+2)
(1)
(2)
(1+2)
-
509.33
77265200
509.33
-
509.33
-
194.13
400000005
194.13
-
194.13
-
75.67
4882043
75.67
-
75.67
-
3.56
3000000
2.30
-
2.30
(417.39)
75.39
5256111
2.28
388.47
(333.47)
55.00
-
336.32
5763538921
0.01
336.32
(154.54)
181.78
(1,909.51)
5,930.84
1131302435
7,840.35
(1,909.51)
5,930.84
-
9,005.34
1329991988
9,005.34
-
9,005.34
-
660.25
5000000
5.00
-
5.00
-
0.10
-
50.00
-
(2326.90)
16840.93
18356.91
(2397.52)
15959.39
-
98.75
187500000
98.75
-
98.75
-
4.50
4500000
4.50
-
4.50
-
0.18
18000000
0.10
0.18
-
0.18
(26.00)
0.02
50000000
26.02
(26.00)
0.02
(26.00)
103.45
129.45
(26.00)
103.45
-
739.96
500972175
739.96
-
739.96
-
61.71
499200
61.71
-
61.71
-
134.00
134000000
134.00
-
134.00
(3.83)
-
3744000
3.83
(3.83)
-
51.15
25287250
51.09
-
51.09
-
73.28
25950000
73.28
-
73.28
(0.05)
-
2500000
0.05
(0.05)
-
60.68
60680000
60.68
-
60.68
-
222.86
222861375
222.86
-
222.86
-
0.26
260000
0.26
-
0.26
-
579.61
574925012
574.93
-
574.93
(128.53)
29.29
157820000
157.82
(33.29)
124.53
-
718.37
658865000
658.87
-
658.87
-
52.92
52918750
52.92
-
52.92
-
670.13
560640000
560.64
-
560.64
-
2,642.99
2642985000
2,642.99
-
2,642.99
-
100.00
100000000
100.00
-
100.00
-
241.76
222360000
228.96
-
228.96
-
1,529.00
1529000000
1,529.00
-
1,529.00
-
30.00
30000000
30.00
-
30.00
-
14.94
4187500
4.19
-
4.19
-
32.72
32720000
32.72
-
32.72
-
0.01
12500
0.01
-
0.01
-
48.05
50000
0.05
-
0.05
-
1.00
1000000
1.00
-
1.00
-
54.15
-
185.01
-
(132.41)
8273.85
7921.82
(37.17)
7884.65
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS (Contd..)
Particulars
Investment Currency
March 31, 2025
Number
Face Value
Investment Value
(1)
In Others (Designated at FVTOCI)
Quoted
Indian Rupees
986885142
1,780.12
GAIL (India) Limited
Indian Rupees
163358190
122.52
Indian Rupees
80251650
1,123.52
Unquoted
International Cooperative Petroleum Association,
New York
USD
0.02
Haldia Petrochemical Limited
Indian Rupees
150000000
150.00
Indian Rupees
3693750
3.69
Indian Rupees
0.77
Vadodara Enviro Channel Limited b
Indian Rupees
-
Shama Forge Co. Limited c (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
100000
-
In Consumer Cooperative Societies
Barauni d
Indian Rupees
-
Guwahati e
Indian Rupees
-
Mathura f
Indian Rupees
-
Haldia g
Indian Rupees
-
In Indian Oil Cooperative Consumer Stores Limited,
Delhi h
Indian Rupees
-
Sub-total: (I)(D)
3180.64
Sub-total: (I)
30884.18
Share Warrants (Designated at FVTOCI)
In Joint Ventures
Unquoted
IndianOil LNG Private Limited (Refer Note C.4)
3665000000
9.99
3,661.34
Sub-total: (II)
3661.34
Preference Shares (At FVTPL)
A
In Subsidiary Companies
Unquoted
Indian Rupees
-
6.65% Cum. Redeemable Non Convertible
Preference Shares
B
In Others
Unquoted
Shama Forge Co. Limited i (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
-
9.5% Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares
Sub-total: (III)
-
Total Non Current Investments (I+II+III)
34,545.52
CURRENT INVESTMENTS
Preference Shares (At FVTPL)
A
In Subsidiary Companies
Unquoted
Indian Rupees
500000000
500.00
6.65% Cum. Redeemable Non Convertible
Preference Shares
Sub-total: (I)
500.00
Government Securities (At FVTOCI)
Quoted
Oil Marketing Companies GOI Special Bonds
(Refer Note B)
Indian Rupees
3167200
10000
3,167.20
9.15% Govt Stock 2024
Indian Rupees
-
7.35% Govt.Stock 2024
Indian Rupees
-
7.26% Govt.Stock 2033
Indian Rupees
1530267
10000
1,563.83
7.18% Govt.Stock 2037
Indian Rupees
1000000
10000
1,026.96
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
Indian Rupees
1434863
10000
1,483.15
7.26% Govt.Stock 2032
Indian Rupees
478389
10000
492.59
7.18% Govt.Stock 2033
Indian Rupees
500000
10000
511.67
7.10% Govt.Stock 2034
Indian Rupees
500000
10000
511.25
7.41% Govt.Stock 2036
Indian Rupees
500000
10000
519.79
Sub-total: (II)
9,276.44
Total Current Investments (I+II)
9,776.44
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Fair Value Adjustment/
Impairment Loss
Fair Value
Number
Face Value
Investment Value
Fair Value Adjustment/
Impairment Loss
Fair Value
(2)
(1+2)
(1)
(2)
(1+2)
22,534.75
24,314.87
986885142
1,780.12
24,673.33
26,453.45
2,867.59
2,990.11
163358190
122.52
2,835.08
2,957.60
1,980.21
3,103.73
53501100
1,123.52
2,087.88
3,211.40
-
0.02
-
0.02
464.40
614.40
150000000
150.00
511.20
661.20
11.79
15.48
3693750
3.69
9.67
13.36
-
0.77
-
0.77
-
100000
-
27858.74
31039.38
3180.64
30117.16
33297.80
25373.43
56257.61
29588.82
27656.47
57245.29
982.22
4,643.56
3665000000
9.99
3,661.34
157.60
3,818.94
982.22
4643.56
3,661.34
157.60
3,818.94
-
500000000
500.00
(6.95)
493.05
-
500.00
(6.95)
493.05
26,355.65
60,901.17
33,750.16
27,807.12
61,557.28
(0.65)
499.35
-
(0.65)
499.35
-
37.39
3,204.59
6729510
10000
6,729.51
39.41
6,768.92
-
1960000
10000
2,242.91
(190.46)
2,052.45
-
695000
10000
704.04
5.49
709.53
44.62
1,608.45
-
27.25
1,054.21
-
68.99
1,552.14
-
8.70
501.29
-
11.17
522.84
-
22.06
533.31
-
20.06
539.85
-
240.24
9,516.68
9,676.46
(145.56)
9,530.90
239.59
10,016.03
9,676.46
(145.56)
9,530.90
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS (Contd..)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Aggregate carrying value of quoted investments
31,210.92
33,424.66
9,516.68
9,530.90
Aggregate market value of quoted investments
42,132.64
45,738.17
9,516.68
9,530.90
Aggregate carrying value of unquoted investments
29,690.25
28,132.62
499.35
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments
2,485.31
2,460.69
Followings are not reflected above due to rounding off:-
(Amount in J)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
a
45,000
b
Vadodara Enviro Channel Limited
Barauni Consumer Cooperative Societies
2,500
e
Guwahati Consumer Cooperative Societies
2,500
f
Mathura Consumer Cooperative Societies
2,000
g
Haldia Consumer Cooperative Societies
16,630
h
Indian Oil Cooperative Consumer Stores Limited, Delhi
3,750
Name of the Entity
Number of shares
Amount
Unquoted Investment
Investment in Equity Shares
IOC Middle East FZE
550500
1.26
IOC Sweden AB*
4978771
104.31
IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Limited*
655250000
655.25
100000
0.10
50000000
50.00
0.06
4680000
4.68
Indian Oil Adani Gas Private Limited*
59500000
59.50
Kochi Salem Pipelines Private Limited*
109485000
109.49
8200000
8.20
10750000
10.75
48000000
48.00
185010000
54.15
54150000
185.01
Deemed Investment (in lieu of financial guarantee given):
-
4.60
Note: A
During the year New investments as well as additional investments were made, as per details below :
*Includes shares issued during the year against advances for investments given in the previous years to IOC Sweden AB of H104.31 crore, IOC Global Capital
Management IFSC Limited of H1.25 crore, Kochi Salem Pipelines Private Limited of H76.99 crore and Indian Oil Adani Gas Private Limited of H9.50 crore.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Face Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
Face Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
7.26% Govt.Stock 2033
1,166.64
1,192.23
1,226.24
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2037
490.00
503.21
516.56
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
500.00
516.83
540.87
-
7.26% Govt.Stock 2032
178.00
183.28
186.52
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2033
500.00
511.67
522.84
-
7.10% Govt.Stock 2034
500.00
511.25
533.31
-
9.15% Govt. Stock 2024
-
6.00
6.84
6.28
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Face Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
Face Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
7.26% Govt.Stock 2033
339.60
347.05
356.95
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2037
500.00
513.48
527.11
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
500.00
516.83
540.87
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
415.00
428.97
448.92
-
7.26% Govt.Stock 2032
286.87
295.38
300.60
-
7.41% Govt.Stock 2036
464.08
482.45
501.06
-
Nature of Bond
March 31, 2025
No. of Bonds
Face Value
Amount
Investment Value
Amount
Carrying Value
Amount
1. Current investment

8.00% GOI Special Bonds 2026
189270
189.27
191.86

6.90% GOI Special Bonds 2026
2977930
2,977.93
3,012.73

Total Current Investments
3167200
3,167.20
3,204.59
Note: B
Investment in Oil Marketing Companies GOI Special Bonds consists of
Note: C - Other Disclosures
Following Government Securities pledged in favour of Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL) for Loans through Tri-party Repo
Segment (TREPS) of CCIL.
Following Government Securities pledged in favour of Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL) for overnight borrowings from
CROMS platform.
Oil Marketing Companies 6.90% GOI Special Bonds 2026 of investment value H 494.70 crore (Carrying value H 500.48 crore) has
been used as collateral against availment of overnight borrowings through CROMS platform of CCIL.
6.65% Cumulative Redeemable Non-Convertible Preference Shares, having a face value of H500 crore (Fair value H499.35 crore),
are due for redemption on 30th September 2025.
During the year, Oil India Limited has allotted 2,67,50,550 equity shares as fully paid-up bonus shares.
All the investments are fully paid up.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 5: LOANS
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Loans
A
To Related Parties

Secured, Considered Good
0.16
0.15
0.03
0.02

Unsecured, Considered Good
B
168.63
0.10
5.25
15.48

Credit Impaired
110.90
-
279.69
111.15
5.28
15.50

Less : Allowance for Doubtful Loans
110.90
-
168.79
0.25
5.28
15.50
To Others

Secured, Considered Good
1,518.60
1,277.51
168.71
149.76

Unsecured, Considered Good
1,396.88
1,367.26
365.26
342.79

167.74
200.24
45.49
46.70

Credit Impaired
726.20
630.60
242.67
233.49
3,809.42
3,475.61
822.13
772.74

Less: Allowance for Doubtful Loans
1,070.96
1,011.14
325.20
317.56
2,738.46
2,464.47
496.93
455.18
Total
2,907.25
2,464.72
502.21
470.68
A. Includes

1. Due from Directors
0.23
0.25
0.05
0.04

2. Due from Other Officers
7.64
6.56
3.38
2.98
B. Includes Loan to 'Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited' valued at
fair value through Profit or Loss which is valued at NIL
(2024: NIL)
C. Includes provision as per Expected Credit Loss model
and applying experience factor on loans considered
good and those which have significant increase in
Credit Risk
344.76
380.54
82.53
84.07
NOTE - 6: OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(Unsecured, Considered Good at amortised cost unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Security Deposits
To Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
4.00
0.12
To Others

Secured, Considered Good
0.12
0.11
-

Unsecured, Considered Good
325.57
303.99
60.57
50.63

Credit Impaired
-
1.37
1.39
329.69
308.10
62.06
52.14
Less: Allowance for Doubtful Deposits
-
1.37
1.39
329.69
308.10
60.69
50.75
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Income Tax/Current Tax Asset/ (Liability) - Net

Advance payments for Current Tax
15,146.81
9,240.93
724.49
10,740.86

Less : Provisions
13,614.53
7,441.83
-
11,647.49
Income/Current Tax Asset/ (Liability) - Net
1,532.28
1,799.10
724.49
(906.63)
Includes amount relating to Fringe Benefit Tax
3.39
2.04
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Advances for Investments
A

In Subsidiary Companies
-
105.56

In Joint Ventures
80.00
86.49
80.00
192.05
Amount Recoverable from Central/ State Government
-
1,960.94
1,785.75
Derivative Instruments at Fair Value
-
0.62
2.98
Advance to Employee Benefits Trusts/Funds
-
246.64
279.28
Bank Deposits
B
(with original maturity of more than 12 months)
3.01
3.23
0.73
0.93
Receivables on Agency Sales (Related Party)
-
2,313.64
2,866.24
Claims Recoverable
From Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
54.52

Credit Impaired
-
4.24
-
58.76
From Others

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
230.41
219.60

Credit Impaired
-
162.97
223.26
-
393.38
442.86
Less : Provision for Doubtful Claims
-
167.21
227.50
-
284.93
274.12
Others
Unsecured, Considered Good
0.01
2.26
246.78
244.20
Credit Impaired
-
38.87
25.73
0.01
2.26
285.65
269.93
Less: Allowance for Doubtful Asset
-
38.87
25.73
0.01
2.26
246.78
244.20
Total
412.71
505.64
5,114.97
5,504.25
NOTE - 6: OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Contd..)
Represents equity share application money pending allotment. The allotment of equity shares is expected to be made as per
Companies Act, 2013 and other laws as applicable.
Earmarked in favour of Statutory Authorities/ provided as Security to participate in Tender.
NOTE - 7: INCOME TAX/ CURRENT TAX ASSET/ (LIABILITY) - NET
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 8: OTHER ASSETS (NON FINANCIAL)
(Unsecured, Considered Good unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Advances for Capital Expenditure
To Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
10.29
-
10.29
To Others

Secured, Considered Good
1.57
3.30

Unsecured, Considered Good
2,966.87
2,299.06

Unsecured, Considered Doubtful
9.32
2,977.76
2,311.68
Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances
9.32
2,968.44
2,312.65
Advances Recoverable
From Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
1,069.24
1,200.88
135.21
28.87
From Others

Unsecured, Considered Good
871.76
279.37
3,305.49
2,949.47

Unsecured, Considered Doubtful
-
4.86
4.87
871.76
279.37
3,310.35
2,954.34
Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances
-
4.86
4.87
871.76
279.37
3,305.49
2,949.47
1,941.00
1,480.25
3,440.70
2,978.34
Claims Recoverable
A
From Others

Unsecured, Considered Good (Refer Note 49, S. No. 2)
-
1,304.57
482.83

Unsecured, Considered Doubtful
-
62.48
61.90
-
1,367.05
544.73

Less : Provision for Doubtful Claims
-
62.48
61.90
-
1,304.57
482.83
Balance/ Deposits with Government Authorities
Unsecured, Considered Good
-
565.57
584.34
Gold/ Other Precious Metals
-
74.83
92.56
Less: Provision for Diminution in value
-
7.84
15.74
-
66.99
76.82
Deferred Expenses (Refer Note - 39)
1,158.00
1,072.78
111.86
108.70
Prepaid Rentals
21.52
23.55
69.15
74.08
Pre-Spent Corporate Social Responsibility Expenses
(Refer Note - 45)
-
43.87
35.29
Total
6,088.96
4,889.23
5,602.71
4,340.40
A. Includes

1. GST/ Customs/ Excise Duty/ DEPB/ Duty Drawback
Claims which are in the process of being claimed
with the Department.
-
78.27
53.65

2. Claims recoverable from Customs Authorities
pending for final assessment/ settlement.
-
90.06
76.40
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 9: INVENTORIES
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
In Hand

Raw Materials
25,854.54
29,683.05

8,714.77
9,999.21

Finished Products
42,316.15
41,340.19

Stock in Trade
8,183.71
7,941.00

6,838.60
6,106.84

Less : Provision for Losses
310.28
277.42
6,528.32
5,829.42

Barrels and Tins
82.01
90.22
91,679.50
94,883.09
In Transit

Raw Materials
9,082.37
13,815.17

Finished Products
1,358.37
1,182.18

Stock in Trade
3,154.86
2,345.90

336.82
281.15
13,932.42
17,624.40
Total
1,05,611.92
1,12,507.49
Stock in Hand includes stock lying with others-

Raw Materials
290.50
301.30

Finished Products
3,231.74
2,822.93

Stock in Trade
1,674.36
1,454.47

8.55
13.20

Barrels and Tins
0.42
0.55
Amount of write down of inventories carried at NRV and recognised as Expense.
1,212.97
1,005.17
Amount of reversal of write down of inventories recognised as income.
-
1.93
Valuation of inventories are done as per point no. 7 of material accounting policies
(Note-1).
For hypothecation details refer Note-21.
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
From Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
622.39
661.70

Credit Impaired
9.93
9.69
632.32
671.39
From Others

Secured Considered Good
0.70
0.13

Unsecured, Considered Good
17,426.66
12,251.19

Credit Impaired
188.00
192.87
17,615.36
12,444.19
Total
18,247.68
13,115.58
Less : Allowance for Doubtful Debts
A
434.68
336.17
Total
17,813.00
12,779.41
A. Includes provision as per Expected Credit Loss method in line with accounting policy
on good and those which have significant increase in credit risk
236.75
133.61
NOTE - 10: TRADE RECEIVABLES
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Outstanding for following periods
from due date of payment
Total
Less than
6 months-
More than
Current Year
Undisputed Trade Receivables -
31.09
11,348.61
5,024.55
294.02
243.68
104.01
61.72
17,107.68
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables -
-
65.82
iii) Disputed Trade Receivables -
considered good (Refer Note 49, S. No. 3)
2.15
6.25
7.44
244.93
489.64
33.39
158.27
942.07
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables - credit
impaired
0.65
1.86
2.25
4.37
8.83
8.63
105.52
132.11
Total
33.89
11,356.72
5,034.24
543.32
742.15
146.03
391.33
18,247.68
Previous Year
Undisputed Trade Receivables -
30.48
8,541.94
3,458.89
191.14
185.94
155.90
64.50
12,628.79
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables -
-
55.56
0.35
0.31
58.53
114.75
iii) Disputed Trade Receivables -
4.62
12.77
16.21
20.37
38.06
44.65
147.55
284.23
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables - credit
impaired
-
0.15
0.20
87.46
87.81
Total
35.10
8,554.71
3,475.10
267.07
224.50
201.06
358.04
13,115.58
NOTE - 10: TRADE RECEIVABLES (Contd..)
Ageing of Trade Receivables
NOTE - 11: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Bank Balances with Scheduled Banks

In Current Account
219.00
449.10
Bank Balances with Non-Scheduled Banks
35.77
12.91
Cheques, Drafts in hand
7.17
1.31
Cash in Hand, Including Imprest
1.23
0.96
Total
263.17
464.28
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Fixed Deposits
A
12.96
12.38
Earmarked Balances
B
239.27
353.19
Other Bank Balances
0.61
Total
252.84
366.18
A) Includes Fixed Deposits earmarked in favour of Statutory Authorities
12.96
12.38
B). Pertains to

-
Unpaid Dividend
36.34
38.41

-
Fractional Share Warrants
-
0.03

-
Amount received from PM CARES Fund for procurement of Liquid Oxygen
Equipment (pending adjustment of claim amounting to Nil (2024: H41.33 crore)
shown as claims recoverable in Note 6)
-
41.33

-
Grant received from Ministry of Heavy Industries for establishing EVCS at ROs
(Including Interest of H34.04 crore (2024: H16.61 crore) (net of TDS) earned
payable to government)
201.49
271.41

-
Amount received from transporter vendor payable only as per court's directive
1.44
2.00
C) There exists restrictions on repatriation/ utilisation of these balances.
NOTE - 12: BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN ABOVE
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Note
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Freehold land
A
0.64
Building
B
0.55
0.07
Plant and Equipment
126.11
57.69
Office Equipment
0.07
0.19
Transport Equipment
0.24
0.10
Total
127.61
58.69
Disposal Group: Narimanam Marketing Terminal
Freehold land
4.96
Building
12.47
12.97
Plant and Equipment
46.66
52.00
Office Equipment
0.05
Total
64.14
69.98
Total Asset held for sale
191.75
128.67
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Authorized
30,00,00,00,000 (2024: 30,00,00,00,000) Equity Shares of H 10 each
30,000.00
Issued Subscribed and Paid Up
14,12,12,38,383 (2024: 14,12,12,38,383)
14,121.24
Equity Shares of H 10 each fully paid up
Less: Equity Shares held under IOC Shares Trust
349.68
34,96,77,684 (2024: 34,96,77,684)
Equity Shares of H 10 each fully paid up
Total
13,771.56
A. Reconciliation of No. of Equity Shares

Opening Balance
14,12,12,38,383

Shares Issued
-

Closing Balance
14,12,12,38,383
NOTE-13: ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
NOTE - 14: EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
The Company has surplus land at various locations such as LPG Plant, Depots and ROs etc. which is under the process of disposal.
The management intends to sell the land. No impairment was recognised on reclassification of land as held for sale as the
Company expects that the fair value (estimated based on the recent market prices of similar properties in similar locations) less
costs to sell is higher than the carrying amount.
Includes non-current assets retired from active use earlier used in various segments and held for disposal through tendering
process within a year.

During the year the Company has reclassified Assets Held for sale amounting to H 6.04 crore (2024: H 0.07 crore) as Property, Plant
and Equipment/ Other Assets based on the plan for disposal of assets.

During the year, the Company has recognised impairment loss of H 13.57 crore (2024: H 18.30 crore) on write-down of asset to fair
value less costs to sell and the same has been shown in Provision/loss on Other Assets sold or written off under 'Other Expenses'
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (CBRPL) has been incorporated on 6th January 2023 as a Joint Venture
of Indian Oil and Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited each holding 25% equity and balance by seed equity investors, for
construction of new 9 MMTPA refinery at Cauvery Basin Nagapattinam. The JV would be operational upon receipt of approval
by Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) for equity investment in the CBR project by CPCL. The transfer of assets of
the Company's terminal will be taken up thereafter. Accordingly, the land and other facilities held by the Company at Narimanam
Marketing Terminal which are to be transferred to the new Joint Venture, are classified under Disposal Group.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 14: EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL (Contd..)
Name of Shareholder
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Number of
Percentage
of Holding
Number of
Percentage
of Holding
The President of India
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
2,00,58,22,884
14.20
2,00,58,22,884
14.20
Life Insurance Corporation of India Limited
90,80,09,660
6.43
97,77,88,060
6.92
72,83,85,744
5.16
72,83,85,744
5.16
Promoter Name
At the beginning of the year
At the end of the year
% Change during
Number of
% of total shares
Number of
% of total shares
The President of India
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
-
For the period of preceding five years as on the Balance Sheet date, the:
(a) Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up pursuant to contract(s) without
payment being received in cash
Nil
(b) Aggregate number of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares - During FY 2022-23
(July 2022) in ratio of 1:2
4,70,70,79,461
Details regarding shareholding of Promoters as at March 31, 2025
NOTE - 15: OTHER EQUITY
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Retained Earnings
General Reserve
Opening Balance
1,00,656.81
98,893.26
Add: Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
68.82
(34.53)
Add: Transfer from Bond Redemption Reserve
-
1,013.20
Add: Appropriation from Surplus
23,078.77
784.88
1,23,804.40
1,00,656.81
Surplus (Balance in Statement of Profit and Loss)
Balance Brought Forward from Last Year's Account
32,719.05
4,916.46
Profit for the Year
12,961.57
39,618.84
Less: Appropriations

Interim Dividend [including expenses (net of tax)]
-
6,886.04

Final Dividend [including expenses (net of tax)]
9,640.28
4,131.58

Insurance Reserve (Net)
14.41
13.75

General Reserve
23,078.77
784.88

Balance carried forward to next year
12,947.16
32,719.05
Other Reserves
Bond Redemption Reserve
Opening Balance
-
1,013.20
Less: Transfer to General Reserve
-
1,013.20
-
Terms/ Rights attached to Equity Shares

The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of H 10 each and is entitled to one vote per share. In the event
of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company in
proportion to the number of equity shares held.

IOC Shares Trust (Shareholder) has waived its right to receive the dividend w.e.f. 02.03.2020.
Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 15: OTHER EQUITY (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Capital Reserve
183.08
Insurance Reserve
Opening Balance
325.17
311.42
Add: Appropriation from Surplus
20.00
Less : Recoupment of uninsured fire loss
5.59
6.25
339.58
325.17
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
Fair value of Equity Instruments
Opening Balance
29,060.99
15,540.77
(1,491.75)
13,520.22
27,569.24
29,060.99
Fair value of Debt Instruments
Opening Balance
(3.90)
(10.88)
65.64
6.98
61.74
(3.90)
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve
Opening Balance
2.22
138.67
Add: Gain/(Loss) during the year
2.90
(57.76)
Less: Transferred during the year
5.02
78.69
0.10
2.22
Total
1,64,905.30
1,62,943.42
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Retained Earnings

The retained earnings comprises of general reserve and surplus which is used from time to time to transfer profits by appropriations.
Retained earnings is free reserve of the Company and is used for the purposes like issuing bonus shares, buy back of shares and
other purposes (like declaring Dividend etc.) as per the approval of Board of Directors. IT includes the re-measurement of defined
benefit plan as per actuarial valuations which will not be reclassified to statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
Bond Redemption Reserve

As per the Companies Act 2013, a Bond Redemption Reserve is required to be created for all bonds/ debentures issued by the
Company at a specified percentage. This reserve is created out of appropriation of profits and is transferred back to general
reserve on repayment of bonds for which IT is created. In 2019, this requirement was dispensed with in case of public issue/ private
placement of debentures by listed companies to NBFCs, Housing Finance Companies and other listed companies.
Capital Reserve

Capital Reserve was created through business combinations and shall be utilised as per the provisions of the Companies Act 2013.
Insurance Reserve

Insurance Reserve is created by the Company with the approval of Board of Directors to mitigate risk of loss of assets not insured
with external insurance agencies. H20.00 crore is appropriated by the Company every year to this reserve. The reserve is utilised to
mitigate actual losses by way of net appropriation in case any uninsured loss is incurred. Amount of H5.59 crore (2024: H6.25 crore)
has been utilised for recoupment of uninsured losses.
Fair value of Equity Instruments

This reserve represents the cumulative effect of fair value fluctuations of investments made by the Company in equity instruments
of other entities. The cumulative gain or loss arising on such changes are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
and accumulated under this reserve. This will not be reclassified to the statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
Fair value of Debt Instruments

This reserve represents the cumulative effect of fair value fluctuations in debt investments made by the Company to earn
contractual cash flows and which are available for sale. The cumulative gain or loss arising on such changes are recognised
through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and accumulated under this reserve. This amount will be reclassified to the statement
of profit and loss in subsequent periods on disposal of respective instruments.
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve

The cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of gains or losses arising on changes in fair value of
designated portion of hedging instruments entered into for cash flow hedges. The cumulative gain or loss arising on such changes
are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and accumulated under this reserve. Such gains or losses will be
reclassified to statement of profit and loss in the period in which the hedged item occurs/ affects the statement of profit and loss.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS
(At Amortised Cost)
Particulars
Non Current
Current Maturities*
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Secured Loans
Term Loans
From banks
A
1,600.62
-
717.60
-
Total Secured Loans
1,600.62
-
717.60
-
Unsecured Loans
Bonds/ Debentures

Rupee Bonds/ Debentures
B
16,996.93
16,913.38
5,635.84
6,194.01
16,996.93
16,913.38
5,635.84
6,194.01
Term Loans
From Banks/ Financial Institutions

In Foreign Currency Loans
26,151.30
18,518.10
2,652.36
6,146.12

In Rupees
4,000.00
2,750.00
2,017.22
4,036.06
From Government

In Rupees
E
2,780.19
2,351.95
-
32,931.49
23,620.05
4,669.58
10,182.18
Loans from related parties

In Foreign Currency
F
-
834.10
855.30
0.58
Total Unsecured Loans
49,928.42
41,367.53
11,160.72
16,376.77
Total Long-Term Borrowings
51,529.04
41,367.53
11,878.32
16,376.77
* Current maturities are carried to Note - 21: Borrowings - Current
Secured Loans
SBI Term Loan
Particulars
Date of Drawal
Date of Repayment
SBI Term loan of H2316.81 crore
(Charge created in favour of State Bank
of India for providing term loan facility
against escrow account and money
lying therein)
29. March 2025
Term loan shall be repayable in 36 structured monthly
payout of principal and interest over the period of 3
years from the date of drawal. Amount payable shall be
H716.19 crore (FY 2025-26), H770.95 crore (FY 2026-27)
and H829.67 crore (FY 2027-28).
Particulars
Date of Allotment
Coupon Rate
Date of Redemption
Indian Oil 2032 (Series XXIII) 25000
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
17. June 2022
7.79% p.a. payable
annually on 17 June
9 years, 9 months and 26 days
from the deemed date of allotment
i.e. 12 April 2032
Indian Oil 2030 (Series XXVII) 250000
amounting to H2500 crore
06. January 2025
7.25% p.a. payable
annually on 06
January
allotment i.e. 06 January 2030
Indian Oil 2029 (Series XIV) 30000
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
each amounting to H3000 crore
22. October 2019
7.41% p.a. payable
annually on 22
October
10 years from the deemed date of
allotment i.e. 22 October 2029
Indian Oil 2029 (Series XXVI) 250000
amounting to H2500 crore
16. July 2024
7.36% p.a. payable
annually on 16 July
allotment i.e. 16 July 2029
Unsecured Loans
Repayment Schedule of Rupee Bonds/ Debentures
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Date of Allotment
Coupon Rate
Date of Redemption
Indian Oil 2027 (Series XXV) 25000
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
25. November
7.44% p.a. payable
annually on 25
November
allotment i.e. 25 November 2027
Indian Oil 2027 (Series XXIV) 25000
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
06. September
7.14% p.a. payable
annually on 06
September
allotment i.e. 06 September 2027
Indian Oil 2027 (Series XXI) 15000
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
each amounting to H1500 crore
18. February 2022
6.14% p.a. payable
annually on 18
February
allotment i.e. 18 February 2027
Indian Oil 2026 (Series XX) 12902
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
each amounting to H1290.2 crore
25. January 2021
5.60% p.a. payable
annually on 25
January
4 years, 11 months and 29 days
from the deemed date of allotment
i.e. 23 January 2026
Indian Oil 2025 (Series XIX) 20000
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
each amounting to H2000 crore
20. October 2020
5.50% p.a. payable
annually on 20
October
allotment i.e. 20 October 2025
Indian Oil 2025 (Series XVIII) 16250
debenture of Face Value H10,00,000
each amounting to H1625 crore
03. August 2020
5.40% p.a. payable
annually on 03 August
4 years, 8 months and 8 days from
the deemed date of allotment i.e.
11. April 2025
Particulars of Loans
Date of Repayment
USD 100 Million Term Loan - SBI
07. April 2021
USD 100 Million Term Loan - SBI - GS
14. May 2021
USD 125 Million Term Loan from BOB
03. November 2021
USD 125 Million Term Loan from BOB
01. December 2021
USD 300 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2021
Payable immediately after 4 years
USD 250 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2021
USD 220 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2021
Payable immediately after 5 years & 5
months from the date of drawal
USD 300 Million Syndication Loan
13. October 2022
USD 3 Million Greenloan SBI Singapore
07. March 2024
USD 5 Million Greenloan SBI Singapore-2
06. May 2024
USD 4 Million Greenloan SBI Singapore-3
07. August 2024
USD 300 Million ECB Loan from BOB GIFT City
30. September 2024
USD 120 Million SBI NY
11. October 2024
USD 120 Million SBI NY T-2
04. November 2024
USD 300 Million ECB Loan from BOB GIFT City
26. November 2024
USD 60 Million SBI NY T-3
02. December 2024
USD 100 Million ECB Loan from PNB GIFT City
20. December 2024
USD 100 Million ECB Loan from UCO Bank Singapore
20. December 2024
USD 330 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2024
USD 400 Million SBI NY
28. March 2025
Payable immediately after 3 years &
1 month from the date of drawal
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS (Contd..)
Repayment Schedule of Term loans from Banks/ Financial Institutions in Foreign Currency
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS (Contd..)
Repayment Schedule of Term loans from Banks/ Financial Institutions in Rupees
Particulars of Loans
Date of Repayment
EXIM Bank H750 crore Term Loan
30. September 2022
Payable immediately after 7 years
HDFC H1,000 crore Term Loan
06. February 2023
Payable immediately after 3 years
HDFC H1,000 crore Term Loan
31. March 2023
J&K Bank H2,000 crore Term Loan
27. June 2024
South Indian Bank H500 crore Term Loan
15. July 2024
Payable immediately after 35 months
from drawal
IndusInd Bank H750 crore Term Loan
29. July 2024
Particulars of Loans
Date of Repayment
USD 100 Million ECB Loan From IGCMIL
28. March 2024
Payable immediately after 18 months
from the date of drawal.
Repayment Schedule of Unsecured Interest Free Loans from Govt of Odisha

Interest free loan given by Odisha government for 15 years is disbursed in quarterly instalment of H175 crore starting from 1 April
2016 repayable after 15 years. Total loan disbursed till now is H6,300 crore which is repayable after 15 years from the quarter for
which the same is given i.e. in quarterly instalments starting from last week of June 2031 onwards. This loan being interest free
loan is accounted at fair value and accordingly accounting for government grant is done.
Repayment Schedule of Loans from related parties in Foreign Currency
NOTE - 17: OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Liability for Capital Expenditure
19.05
32.10
10,785.67
10,201.64
Liability to Trusts and Other Funds
-
106.36
21.31
Employee Liabilities
-
1,714.63
2,450.11
Liability for Purchases on Agency Basis
-
6,484.58
5,956.80
Unpaid Dividend
-
36.34
38.41
Unpaid Matured Deposits
-
0.01
Derivative Instruments at Fair Value
-
214.18
361.08
Security Deposits
A
137.34
161.33
36,442.92
35,190.82
Others
43.04
39.68
1,250.53
1,419.88
Total
199.43
233.11
57,035.22
55,640.06
A. LPG Deposits classified as current in line with industry
practice and includes:

1. Deposit received towards LPG connection issued
under Pradhan Mantri Ujjawala Yojna (PMUY),
Rajiv Gandhi Gramin LPG Vitrak Yojana (RGGLVY)
and various other schemes of State Government/
Central Government of India. The deposits against
these schemes have been funded from CSR fund
and/or by State Government /Central Government
of India
-
8,129.68
8,064.44

2. Deposit free LPG connections funded by Chennai
Petroleum Corporation Limited.
-
0.52
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Opening
Balance
Addition
Utilization
Reversals
Unwinding of
discount and
changes in the
discount rate
Closing
Balance
Decommissioning Liability - E&P Blocks
16.99
9.57
-
0.26
26.82
Previous Year Total
11.74
5.34
0.29
-
0.20
16.99
Addition includes
Reversal includes
-
capitalized
28.79
0.15
-
included in Raw Material
7.93
-
included in Finance Cost
345.32
-
included in Employee Benefit Expenses
-
46.87
-
included in Other Expenses
232.75
3.11
-
included in Other Comprehensive Income
-
71.83
-
included in Other Operating Revenues
-
22.64
-
included in Exceptional Items
-
1,838.02
Particulars
Opening
Balance
Addition
Utilization
Reversals during
Closing
Balance*
Excise
15.55
-
0.05
15.50
Sales Tax/ GST
2,346.70
49.93
10.37
1,838.20
548.06
Entry Tax
5,530.88
-
5,530.88
Others
4,516.38
564.86
215.57
144.37
4,721.30
Total
12,409.51
614.79
225.94
1,982.62
10,815.74
Previous Year Total
12,029.32
665.13
162.55
122.39
12,409.51
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Provision for Employee Benefits
861.63
904.90
144.34
120.09
Decommissioning Liability
A
22.37
12.73
4.45
4.26
Contingencies for probable obligations
B
-
10,815.74
12,409.51
Less: Deposits
-
1,474.13
2,443.73
-
9,341.61
9,965.78
Total
884.00
917.63
9,490.40
10,090.13
NOTE - 18: PROVISIONS
Decommissioning Liability
Contingencies for Probable Obligation

* Expected timing of outflow is not ascertainable at this stage, the matters being under dispute/ contingent.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 19: DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
The item wise details of Deferred Tax Liabilities (net):
Particulars
As on
01.04.2024
year in the Statement
of Profit and Loss
year in OCI (net)
31.03.2025
Deferred Tax Liability
Related to Plant, Property & Equipment
20,147.85
1,143.01
-
21,290.86
Fair Valuation of Equity Instruments
1,213.79
-
57.95
1,271.74
Total Deferred Tax Liability (A)
21,361.64
1,143.01
57.95
22,562.60
Deferred Tax Assets
Provision on Inventories, Trade Receivable, Loans
and Advance, Investments
1,403.46
23.34
-
1,426.80
Compensation for Voluntary Retirement Scheme
1.07
(0.32)
-
0.75
2,974.38
(263.70)
-
2,710.68
MTM on Hedging Instruments
(0.75)
-
0.71
(0.04)
Fair Value of Debt Instruments
11.62
-
(47.31)
(35.69)
Unused Tax Loss (Long Term Capital Loss)
12.07
37.09
-
49.16
Others
322.69
(164.30)
-
158.39
Total Deferred Tax Assets (B)
4,724.54
(367.89)
(46.60)
4,310.05
Deferred Tax Liability (net) (A-B)
16,637.10
1,510.90
104.55
18,252.55
Particulars
As on
01.04.2023
year in the Statement
of Profit and Loss
year in OCI (net)
31.03.2024
Deferred Tax Liability
Related to Plant, Property & Equipment
18,982.19
1,165.66
-
20,147.85
Fair Valuation of Equity Instruments
231.70
-
982.09
1,213.79
Total Deferred Tax Liability (A)
19,213.89
1,165.66
982.09
21,361.64
Deferred Tax Assets
Provision on Inventories, Trade Receivable, Loans
and Advance, Investments
1,299.08
104.38
-
1,403.46
Compensation for Voluntary Retirement Scheme
1.11
(0.04)
-
1.07
2,919.60
54.78
-
2,974.38
MTM on Hedging Instruments
(46.64)
-
45.89
(0.75)
Fair Value of Debt Instruments
(10.61)
-
22.23
11.62
Unused Tax Loss (Long Term Capital Loss)
14.59
(2.52)
-
12.07
Others
423.76
(101.07)
-
322.69
Total Deferred Tax Assets (B)
4,600.89
55.53
68.12
4,724.54
Deferred Tax Liability (net) (A-B)
14,613.00
1,110.13
913.97
16,637.10
(ii) Reconciliation between the average effective tax rate and the applicable tax rate is as below :
Particulars
%
Profit Before Tax
15,882.34
52,344.21
Tax as per applicable Tax Rate
25.168
3,997.27
25.168
13,173.99
Tax effect of:

Income that are not taxable in determining taxable profit
(5.241)
(832.40)
(1.096)
(573.75)

Expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit
0.971
154.16
0.272
142.61

Variation in allowance/ disallowances considered
(1.605)
(254.99)
(0.112)
(58.84)

Expenses/income related to prior years
(0.881)
(139.94)
0.086
44.84

Difference in tax due to income chargeable to tax at special rates
(0.021)
(3.33)
(0.007)
(3.48)
Average Effective Tax Rate/ Income Tax Expenses
18.391
2,920.77
24.311
12,725.37
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 20: OTHER LIABILITIES (NON FINANCIAL)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Government Grants (refer Note - 46)
3,705.14
3,519.82
365.75
307.61
Statutory Liabilities
-
8,890.19
9,301.06
Advances from Customers
13.39
-
3,804.71
3,694.56
Others
A
700.20
529.13
1,246.68
1,381.16
Total
4,418.73
4,048.95
14,307.33
14,684.39
A. Includes
1. Includes liability towards Fleet Customers
961.22
1,098.02
2. Non-refundable Deposits from Dealers pending amortisation
698.12
527.17
64.96
51.98
NOTE - 21: BORROWINGS - CURRENT
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Secured Loans
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks/ Financial Institutions

In Foreign Currency
2,564.40
2,502.30

In Rupee
A

Working Capital Demand Loan
4,466.59
7,565.08

Cash Credit
177.79
-
7,208.78
10,067.38
From Others

Loans through Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL)
B
6,170.40
5,554.54
Current Maturities of Long-term Debt (Refer Note - 16)
717.60
-
Total Secured Loans
14,096.78
15,621.92
Unsecured Loans
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks/ Financial Institutions

In Foreign Currency
42,701.68
35,982.31

In Rupee
14,977.32
7,147.21
57,679.00
43,129.52
Current Maturities of Long-term Debt (Refer Note - 16)
11,160.72
16,376.77
Total Unsecured Loans
68,839.72
59,506.29
Total Short-Term Borrowings
82,936.50
75,128.21
A. Against hypothecation by way of first pari passu charge on Inventories, Trade
Receivables, Outstanding monies, Receivables, Claims, Contracts, Engagements to
SBI and HDFC Banks. The quarterly returns of current assets filed by the company
with banks are in agreement with the books of account.
B. Against pledging/ collateral of the following to CCIL:

Government Securities including OMC GOI Special Bonds (Refer Note 4)
6,334.89
5,531.00
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises
1,412.16
1,410.52
Dues to Related Parties
1,572.53
1,440.18
Dues to Others
A
49,383.33
48,650.26
Total
52,368.02
51,500.96
A. Includes amount related to Micro and Small enterprises for which payment to be
made to financial institutions in pursuance of bills discounted by them
15.09
1.30
NOTE - 22: TRADE PAYABLES
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Outstanding for following periods
from due date of payment
Total
Less than
More than
Current Year
MSME*
543.74
868.19
-
1,411.93
ii) Others
2,145.71
40,099.09
7,400.53
316.27
274.52
158.52
50,394.64
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME*
0.01
0.22
-
0.23
iv) Disputed Dues - Others
322.01
67.58
6.52
(1.29)
15.67
150.73
561.22
Total
3,011.47
41,035.08
7,407.05
314.98
290.19
309.25
52,368.02
Previous Year
MSME*
452.50
957.85
-
1,410.35
ii) Others
3,356.66
37,821.54
7,867.21
390.30
11.94
17.85
49,465.50
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME*
0.01
0.16
-
0.17
iv) Disputed Dues - Others
285.22
111.35
25.95
4.99
52.00
145.43
624.94
Total
4,094.39
38,890.90
7,893.16
395.29
63.94
163.28
51,500.96
Ageing of Trade Payables
* Micro and Small Enterprises in line with Note - 22: Trade Payables
Note: Generally, undisputed Trade Payables are settled on or before the due dates and amount outstanding beyond due dates are on
account of pending compliance of Contractual/ Statutory requirement by Vendors.
NOTE - 23: REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Particulars
Sale of Products and crude (Net of Discounts)
8,40,842.28
8,61,779.95
Sale of Services
335.98
219.75
Other Operating Revenues (Note "23.1")
4,285.93
4,246.08
8,45,464.19
8,66,245.78
Subsidy From Central/ State Governments
48.42
99.60
Grant from Government of India
-
Total
8,45,512.61
8,66,345.38
Notes
1)
The MoPNG, vide letter dated 30.04.2020 had conveyed to Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) that where Market Determined Price
(MDP) of LPG cylinders is less than its Effective Cost to Customer (ECC), the OMCs will retain the difference in a separate buffer
account for future adjustment. However, as on 31st March 2025, the Company had a cumulative negative buffer of H19,926 crore
(2024: H1,017 crore) as the retail selling price was less than MDP and accordingly, revenue to this extent has not been recognised.
This amount is after adjustment of one-time grant of H10,801 crore provided by Government of India in FY 2022-23 against under-
recoveries on sale of Domestic LPG during FY 2021-22 and FY 2022-23 and cumulative uncompensated cost of H5,460 crore
(2024: H4,796 crore).
2)
Pursuant to the efforts made regularly by the Company, Railway Board has finally amended the Rate Contract with retrospective
effect resulting into increase in revenue from operation of H1,565 crore during the year towards product supplies made in
earlier periods.
NOTE - 23.1: OTHER OPERATING REVENUES
Particulars
Sale of Power and Water
468.08
484.04
Revenue from Construction Contracts
26.72
13.99
157.71
328.11
Provision for Doubtful Advances, Claims and Stores written back
124.60
3.11
NOTE - 22: TRADE PAYABLES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 23.1: OTHER OPERATING REVENUES (Contd..)
Particulars
Provision for Contingencies written back
22.64
48.13
Operating License Fees
1,441.78
1,318.51
Income from Non Fuel Business
419.94
371.54
Commission and Discount Received
8.05
6.79
Sale of Scrap
298.30
323.62
Income from Finance Leases
0.24
0.25
Amortization of Capital Grants
66.30
31.23
Revenue Grants
306.43
288.63
Terminalling Charges
52.30
47.90
Other Miscellaneous Income
892.84
980.23
Total
4,285.93
4,246.08
Particulars
Interest on
A
Financial items

Deposits with Banks
0.96
1.02

Customers Outstandings
371.11
409.63

Oil Companies GOI SPL Bonds/ Other Investments
649.57
989.59

Other Financial Items
366.40
316.65
Total interest on Financial items
1,388.04
1,716.89
Non-Financial items
80.02
111.40
1,468.06
1,828.29
Dividend
B
From Related Parties
1,662.37
1,082.39
From Other Companies
1,538.79
1,195.03
3,201.16
2,277.42
Profit on Assets sold or written off (Net)
-
38.26
Gain on Derivatives
61.95
84.09
Fair value Gain on Financial instruments classified as FVTPL
6.30
128.41
Gain on Remeasurement of PMUY Assets
107.24
336.61
Other Non Operating Income
119.13
87.74
Total
4,963.84
4,780.82
A.1. Includes Tax Deducted at Source
0.80
22.56
A.2. Includes interest received under section 244A of the Income Tax Act.
39.70
79.16
A.3. Include interest on

Current Investments
649.57
968.02

Non-Current Investments
-
21.57
A.4. Total interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) for financial assets:

In relation to Financial Assets classified at amortised cost
738.47
727.30

In relation to Financial Assets classified at FVOCI
649.57
770.41

In relation to Financial Assets classified at FVTPL
-
219.18
B.1. Dividend Income on Non-Current Investments
3,201.16
2,277.42
B.2. Dividend on Non Current Investments Includes Dividend from Subsidiaries
1,319.23
749.90
B.3. Includes Tax Deducted at Source
238.12
180.14
Particulars relating to Revenue Grants are given in Note - 46.
NOTE - 24: OTHER INCOME
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 25: COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
Particulars
Opening Stock
43,498.22
43,426.87
Add: Purchases
3,90,960.27
3,90,596.98
4,34,458.49
4,34,023.85
Less: Closing Stock
34,936.91
43,498.22
Total
3,99,521.58
3,90,525.63
Particulars
Closing Stock
Finished Products
43,674.52
42,522.37
8,714.77
9,999.21
Stock- in - trade
11,338.57
10,286.90
63,727.86
62,808.48
Less: Opening Stock
Finished Products
42,522.37
41,289.44
9,999.21
10,052.40
Stock - in - Trade
10,286.91
13,371.47
62,808.49
64,713.31
Net Increase / (Decrease)
919.37
(1,904.83)
Particulars
Salaries, Wages, Bonus etc
7,411.56
8,351.09
Contribution to Provident & Other Funds
1,463.17
1,257.39
Voluntary Retirement Compensation
0.68
2.02
Staff Welfare Expenses
1,488.25
1,469.06
Total
10,363.66
11,079.56
Particulars
Interest Payments on Financial items

Bank Borrowings
5,224.50
4,289.85

Bonds/Debentures
760.42
1,068.39

Lease Obligations
937.21
860.33

Unwinding of Discount
201.16
169.68

Other financial Items
560.64
189.90
7,683.93
6,578.15
NOTE - 26: CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK-IN-TRADE AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS
NOTE - 27: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Excludes H355.33 crore (2024: H406.5 crore) included in capital work in progress (construction period expenses - Note-2.2) /
intangible assets under development (Note - 3.1) and H25.81 crore (2024: H21.79 crore) included in CSR expenses (Note - 29.1).
Contribution to Provident & Other Funds includes H156.85 crore provision (2024: NIL) towards Provident Fund contribution for
interest shortfall/ losses on portfolio basis.
Disclosure in compliance with Indian Accounting Standard-19 on Employee Benefits is given in Note - 35.
NOTE - 28: FINANCE COSTS
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Consumption
a) Stores, Spares and Consumables
2,760.00
2,800.01
b) Packages & Drum Sheets
579.58
573.73
3,339.58
3,373.74
Power & Fuel
38,049.96
35,315.51
Less : Fuel from own production
26,841.62
26,766.22
11,208.34
8,549.29
Throughput, Processing & Blending Fees, Royalty and Other Charges
1,442.01
1,511.10
Octroi, Other Levies and Irrecoverable taxes
2,577.56
2,467.02
Repairs and Maintenance
Plant & Equipment
5,626.48
4,783.82
ii) Buildings
490.81
423.89
iii) Others
759.20
698.11
6,876.49
5,905.82
Freight, Transportation Charges and Demurrage
16,703.44
16,648.44
Office Administration, Selling and Other Expenses (Note "29.1")
10,602.79
9,394.90
Total
52,750.21
47,850.31
Less: Company's use of own Products and Crude
1,471.13
1,316.39
Total (Net)
51,279.08
46,533.92
Particulars
Interest Payments on Non Financial items

Unwinding of Discount
0.14

Others
A
287.45
523.20
287.59
523.34
Other Borrowing Cost
B
4.55
1.67
Applicable Net (Gain) / Loss on Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation
755.52
224.63
Total
8,731.59
7,327.79
A. Mainly includes

Interest expenses u/s 234B and 234C of Income Tax Act
(107.59)
105.37

Interest on Kandla Port Trust Rental Liability
180.90
167.12
B. Mainly pertains to franking charges, service charges & other indirect expenses on
borrowings.
Total interest expense (calculated using the effective interest method) for financial
liabilities that are not at fair value through profit or loss
7,683.93
6,578.15
NOTE - 28: FINANCE COSTS (Contd..)
NOTE - 29: OTHER EXPENSES
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 29.1: OFFICE, ADMINISTRATION, SELLING AND OTHER EXPENSES
Particulars
Rent
843.46
829.05
Insurance
396.40
431.33
Rates & Taxes
272.37
206.38
Donation
9.50
-
Payment to Auditors

As Auditors
3.51
3.02

Other Services (for issuing other certificates etc.)
1.90
1.83

For reimbursement of expenses
0.36
0.45
5.77
5.30
Travelling & Conveyance
893.08
815.37
Communication Expenses
121.44
79.65
Printing & Stationery
44.42
44.07
Electricity & Water
504.90
468.30
Bank Charges
44.43
35.85
Advance, Claims, CWIP, etc. written off
25.75
1.35
Provision/ Loss on Assets sold or written off (Net)
26.81
-
Technical Assistance Fees
51.24
105.65
Exchange Fluctuation (net)
2,255.18
1,180.96
Provision for Doubtful Advances, Claims, CWIP, Stores etc.
74.17
149.42
Security Force Expenses
1,115.12
1,052.69
Sales Promotion and Publicity
A
917.71
1,433.99
Handling Expenses
967.75
868.34
Exploration & Production Cost
177.32
87.39
Expenses on Construction Contracts
111.84
10.77
Expenses on CSR Activities (Refer Note - 45)
574.46
428.90
Training Expenses
119.06
119.92
Legal Expenses / Payment To Consultants
233.37
236.63
Notices and Announcement
10.68
19.68
Pollution Control Expenses
110.84
101.76
Amortisation and Remeasurement of PMUY Assets
27.19
30.26
Miscellaneous Expenses
668.53
651.89
Total
10,602.79
9,394.90
Particulars
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
91.97
(46.14)
Fair value of Equity Instruments
(1,433.80)
14,502.31
(1,341.83)
14,456.17
Income Tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
(23.15)
11.61
Fair value of Equity Instruments
(57.95)
(982.09)
(81.10)
(970.48)
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value of Debt Instruments
112.95
(15.25)
Gain/(Loss) on Hedging Instruments
(2.83)
(182.34)
110.12
(197.59)
Income Tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value of Debt Instruments
(47.31)
22.23
Gain/(Loss) on Hedging Instruments
0.71
45.89
(46.60)
68.12
Total
(1,359.41)
13,356.22
Includes H58.77 crore (2024: H646.29 crore) towards cost of free hot plates and first refill against LPG connections under PMUY
(Ujjwala 2.0/Ujjwala 2.0 extension) scheme.
NOTE - 30: OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Profit/ (Loss) attributable to Equity holders (H in crore)
12,961.57
39,618.84
Weighted Average number of Equity Shares used for computing Earning Per Share (Basic)
13771560699
Weighted Average number of Equity Shares used for computing Earning Per Share (Diluted)
13771560699
Earnings Per Share (Basic) (H)
9.41
28.77
Earnings Per Share (Diluted) (H)
9.41
28.77
Face value per share (H)
10.00
Particulars
Cash Dividends on Equity Shares declared
Final Dividend
Final Dividend during the current year for previous financial year: H 7.00 per share
(2024: H 3.00 per share )
9,640.09
4,131.47
Interim Dividend
Total Interim Dividend for current financial year: Nil per share (2024: H 5.00 per share ).
-
6,885.78
Total
9,640.09
11,017.25
Proposed Dividend on Equity Shares
Final proposed Dividend for current financial year: H 3.00 per share
(2024: H 7.00 per share)
4,131.47
9,640.09
NOTE-31: DISTRIBUTIONS MADE AND PROPOSED
Notes
1.
349677684 (2024: 349677684) Equity Shares held under IOC Shares Trust (Shareholder) of face value H 349.68 crore (2024: H 349.68
crore) have been netted off from paid up capital. IOC Shares Trust have waived its right to receive the Dividend w.e.f. March 02, 2020
and therefore Dividend on shares held by IOC Shares Trust was neither proposed in the last year nor during the current financial year.
2.
The Company has also incurred expenses on distribution of final dividend amounting to H 0.19 crore (2024: H 0.11 crore) and on
distribution of interim Dividend amounting to NIL (2024: H 0.26 crore) which have been debited to equity.
NOTE-32: EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
Basic and Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to equity holders by the weighted
average number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year.
The following reflects the profit/ (loss) and number of shares used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:
Note
349677684 (2024: 349677684) Equity Shares held under IOC Shares Trust of face value H 349.68 crore (2024: H349.68 crore) have been
excluded from weighted average number of Equity Shares and EPS is computed accordingly.
NOTE-33A: INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Name
Country of Incorporation/
Principal place of business
Equity Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Subsidiaries
India
51.89%
Mauritius
100.00%
Sri Lanka
75.12%
IOC Middle East FZE
UAE
100.00%
IOC Sweden AB
Sweden
100.00%
USA
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Singapore
100.00%
India
100.00%
Mercator Petroleum Limited$
India
100.00%
-
Terra Clean Limited$$
India
100.00%
-
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Name
Country of Incorporation/
Principal place of business
Equity Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Associates
India
12.50%
India
25.00%
Petronet India Limited @
India
18.00%
India
50.00%
Joint Ventures
India
50.00%
India
26.00%
India
50.00%
India
49.99%
India
50.00%
Nigeria
25.00%
Delhi Aviation Fuel Facility (Private) Limited
India
37.00%
India
50.00%
NPCIL IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited
India
26.00%
India
26.00%
India
26.00%
India
50.00%
India
25.00%
Kochi Salem Pipelines Private Limited
India
50.00%
India
45.00%
Petronet CI LTD @@
India
26.00%
IndianOil Ruchi Bio Fuels LLP #
India
50.00%
Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited ##
India
29.67%
Ratnagiri Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited
India
50.00%
India
20.00%
India
50.00%
India
50.00%
India
50.00%
India
49.00%
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited ###
India
25.00%
India
50.00%
India
33.33%
IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited*
India
50.00%
-
Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited**
India
50.00%
-
NOTE-33A: INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Contd..)
$ Mercator Petroleum Limited has been acquired under CIRP in May 2024 as a wholly owned subsidiary with 100% equity.
$$ Terra Clean Limited has been incorporated on 31st May 2024 as a wholly owned subsidiary with 100% equity.
@ Petronet India Limited is a JV amongst Indian Oil, BPCL, HPCL, RIL, NEL, IL&FS, SBI and ICICI. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending with
Official Liquidator since 2018.
@@ Petronet CI Ltd. is a JV amongst Indian Oil, PIL, RIL, NEL and BPCL. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending with Official Liquidator since 2006.
# IndianOil has exited the Joint Venture, IndianOil Ruchi Biofuels LLP (M/s IORB) by giving notice of its exit from the LLP to the other JV partner viz. Ruchi Soya Industries
Limited (M/s Ruchi) as well as to the LLP on December 26, 2018 stating that IT will exit the LLP w.e.f. January 25, 2019. The time frame for completing exit formalities
by M/s Ruchi by filing requisite forms with ROC was within 30 days of notice expiry period (i.e., by February 24, 2019) however the same is still pending and IndianOil's
name is appearing on ROC website as Partner in the said LLP. IT has been informed that M/s Ruchi was under Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process and has been
taken over by Patanjali Ayurveda Limited. All necessary documents have been provided to M/s Ruchi for completing formalities relating to exit of IndianOil from IORB LLP.
## The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 23.11.2022 has accorded in-principle approval for disinvestment of Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited.
### The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 28.03.2024 has accorded in-principle approval for revision in capital structure of CBRPL with 75% equity from
IndianOil and 25% equity from CPCL. Upon IndianOil acquiring the balance 50% equity shares, CBRPL would become a Subsidiary of IndianOil.
* IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited has been incorporated on 21st June 2024 as a Joint Venture of Indian Oil and GPS Renewables Private Limited each
holding 50% equity.
** Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited has been incorporated on 15th July 2024 as a Joint Venture of Indian Oil and SUN Mobility Pvt. Ltd. each holding 50% equity.
Note
Ujjwala Plus Foundation is a joint venture of IOCL, BPCL and HPCL with fund contribution in the ratio of 50:25:25 which was incorporated
as a Company limited by guarantee (without share capital) under section 8 of Companies Act, 2013. The Board of IndianOil at its
meeting held on 14.03.2023 has accorded in-principle approval for closure of Ujjwala Plus Foundation.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Name
Principal place
of Business
Proportion of Ownership Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
E&P BLOCKS
1). AA-ONN-2001/2
A
India
20.00%
2). GK-OSN-2009/1
B
India
25.00%
3). AAP-ON-94/1
India
29.03%
4). AA/ONDSF/UMATARA/2018
India
90.00%
5). BK-CBM-2001/1
India
20.00%
6). NK-CBM-2001/1
India
20.00%
7). FARSI BLOCK IRAN
Iran
40.00%
8). SHAKTHI GABON
Gabon
50.00%
9). AREA 95-96
Libya
25.00%
10). RJ-ONHP-2017/8
India
30.00%
11). AA-ONHP-2017/12
India
20.00%
12). MB/OSDSF/WO5/2021
E
India
30.00%
13). KG/OSDSF/CHANDRIKA/2021
India
30.00%
14). AA-ONHP-2018/3
F
India
30.00%
15). AA-ONHP-2018/5
India
30.00%
16). RJ-ONHP-2018/2
F
India
30.00%
17). RJ-ONHP-2019/2
G
India
30.00%
18). RJ-ONHP-2019/3
G
India
30.00%
NOTE-33B: INTEREST IN JOINT OPERATIONS
Exploration License expired on October 7, 2015. Consortium has requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for
Appraisal phase, however vide letter dated March 6, 2019, IT was opined to carry out Exploration activity instead of Appraisal work.
Accordingly, Operator requested DGH for extension of exploration period. Response from DGH is awaited.
Appraisal period has expired on February 1, 2022. Consortium had requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for
The project s exploration phase under Exploration Service Contract ended on June 24, 2009. National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC)
has signed a Development Service Contract (DSC) for Farzad-B gas field (Farsi field) development with a local Iranian Company.
The Company along with other Indian Consortium partners are in discussion with NIOC on the way forward.
The block is under relinquishment.
Board approved the relinquishment of the block in its meeting dated December 20, 2024. Request for Management committee
meeting towards relinquishment has been submitted to DGH vide letter dt. March 04, 2025. Response from DGH is awaited.
Exploration period has expired on February 28, 2025. Consortium had requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for
Exploration period has expired on March 16, 2025. Consortium had requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for
IOCL share of Financial position of Joint Operations are as under:
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Assets
1,069.75
930.70
PPE ( including Producing Properties)
380.50
114.27
Capital Work in Progress
296.63
493.57
Intangible Asset under Development (Net of Provisions)
317.40
273.33
Other Assets (Net of Provisions)
75.22
49.53
Liabilities & Provisions
314.29
219.25
Liabilities
267.10
197.54
Provisions
47.19
21.71
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Income
262.94
174.26
Sale of Products (Net of Own Consumption)
176.71
173.62
Other Income
86.23
0.64
Expenditure
234.90
114.12
Expenditure written off (incl exploration related)
24.93
-
Other Costs (incl exploration related)
209.97
114.12
Net Results
28.04
60.14
Commitments
2,301.17
2,515.82
Contingent Liabilities
-
12.16
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
(i) Assets
355.73
288.29

-
Intangible Assets under Development
317.40
273.34

-
Capital Work in Progress
0.02
0.09

-
Other Assets
38.31
14.86
(ii) Liabilities
218.92
147.76

-
Provisions
4.45
4.26

-
Other Liabilities
214.47
143.50
(iii) Income
86.16
0.51

-
Other Income
86.16
0.51
(iv) Expenses
131.19
62.62

-
Exploration expenditure written off
21.48
-

-
Other exploration costs
109.71
62.62
(v) Cash Flow

-
Net Cash from/(used) in operating activities
24.15
(54.50)

-
Net Cash from/(used) in investing activities
(11.21)
(72.48)
NOTE-33B: INTEREST IN JOINT OPERATIONS (Contd..)
Note: Including financial position of relinquished blocks.
NOTE-34A: DISCLOSURE RELATING TO EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES
In compliance of Ind-AS-106 on Exploration and Evaluation of Mineral Resources , the disclosure of financial information relating to
activity associated with the exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources (crude oil, natural gas etc.) are as under:
NOTE-34B: OIL AND GAS PRODUCING ACTIVITIES: DISCLOSURES IN RESPECT OF RESERVES
Net Proved Reserves of Crude Oil, Condensate, Natural Gas Liquids and Gas
Assets
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
TMT
Million
Cubic Meter
TMT
Million
Cubic Meter
A). Proved Reserves

Assam AAP-ON-94/1
Beginning
5.65
778.19
10.43
838.26
Addition
49.39
524.01
-
Deduction
-
Production
3.97
53.28
4.78
60.07
Balance
51.07
1,248.92
5.65
778.19

Jharkhand BK-CBM-2001/1
Beginning
-
150.21
-
Addition
-
Deduction
-
Production
-
9.25
-
Balance
-
140.96
-

Total Proved Reserves
51.07
1,389.88
5.65
778.19
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-34B: OIL AND GAS PRODUCING ACTIVITIES: DISCLOSURES IN RESPECT OF RESERVES: (Contd..)
Assets
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
TMT
Million
Cubic Meter
TMT
Million
Cubic Meter
B). Proved developed Reserves

Assam AAP-ON-94/1
Beginning
5.65
778.19
10.43
838.26
Addition
49.39
524.01
-
Deduction
-
Production
3.97
53.28
4.78
60.07
Balance
51.07
1,248.92
5.65
778.19

Jharkhand BK-CBM-2001/1
Beginning
-
Addition
-
135.62
-
Deduction
-
Production
-
9.25
-
Balance
-
126.37
-

Total Proved developed Reserves
51.07
1,375.29
5.65
778.19
Details
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
TMT
Million
Cubic Meter
TMT
Million
Cubic Meter
A). Proved Reserves

India
51.07
1,389.88
5.65
778.19

Total Proved Reserves
51.07
1,389.88
5.65
778.19
B). Proved developed Reserves

India
51.07
1,375.29
5.65
778.19

Total Proved developed Reserves
51.07
1,375.29
5.65
778.19
Net Proved Reserves & Proved developed Reserves of Crude Oil, Condensate, Natural Gas Liquids and Gas on
geographical Basis
Note : During the current year, Block BK-CBM-2001/1 commenced the production of gas. Indian Oil has the participating interest of
20.00% in the block.
Frequency
The Proved and Proved & Developed reserves mentioned above are the provisional numbers based on the estimate provided by the
operator. For the purpose of estimation of Proved and Proved & Developed reserves, Deterministic method has been used by the
operator. The annual revision of Reserve Estimates is based on the yearly exploratory and development activities and results thereof.
NOTE - 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Disclosures in compliance with Ind-AS 19 on Employee Benefits is as under:
Defined Contribution Plans- General Description

Employee Pension Scheme (EPS-95)

During the year, the Company has recognised H23.95 crore (2024: H25.68 crore) as contribution to EPS-95 in the Statement of Profit
and Loss/ CWIP (included in Contribution to Provident and Other Funds in Note - 27/ Construction period expenses in Note-2.2).

Pension Scheme

During the year, the Company has recognised H412.08 crore (2024: H420.32 crore) towards Defined Contributory Employees
Pension Scheme (including contribution in corporate National Pension System) in the Statement of Profit and Loss/ CWIP (included
in Contribution to Provident and Other Funds in Note - 27/ Construction period expenses in Note-2.2).
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Defined Benefit Plans- General Description

Provident Fund

The Company s contribution to the Provident Fund are remitted to the three separate provident fund trusts established for this
purpose based on a fixed percentage of the eligible employee s salary and charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Shortfall of
net income of trust below Government specified minimum rate of return, if any, and loss to the trust due to its investments turning
stressed are being made good by the Company.

Gratuity

Each employee rendering continuous service of 5 years or more is entitled to receive gratuity amount based on completed tenure
of service subject to maximum of H0.20 crore at the time of separation from the Company. Besides, the ceiling of gratuity increases
by 25% whenever IDA rises by 50% with reference to January 01, 2017.

Post Retirement Medical Benefit Facility (PRMBF)

PRMBF provides medical coverage to retired employees and their eligible dependant family members.

Resettlement Benefit

Resettlement benefit is allowed to employees to facilitate them to settle down upon retirement.

Ex gratia Scheme

Ex-gratia is payable to those employees who have retired before January 01, 2007 and either not drawing pension from
superannuation benefit fund (as they superannuated prior to January 01, 1987, i.e. introduction of superannuation benefit fund
scheme in IndianOil) or are drawing a pension lower than the ex gratia fixed for a Grade (in such case differential amount between
pension and ex gratia is paid).

Employees Compensation for injuries arising out of or during the course of employment

Employees covered under the Employees Compensation Act, 1923 who meet with accidents, while on duty, are eligible for
compensation under the said Act. Besides, a lumpsum monetary compensation equivalent to 100 months Pay (BP+DA) is paid
in the event of an employee suffering death or permanent total disablement due to an accident arising out of and in the course of
his employment.

Felicitation of Retired Employees

The Company has a scheme to felicitate retired employees on attaining different age milestones with a token lumpsum amount.
Other Long-Term Employee Benefits - General Description

Leave Encashment

Each employee is entitled to get 8 earned leaves for each completed quarter of service. Encashment of earned leaves is allowed
during service leaving a minimum balance of 15 days subject to maximum accumulation of 300 days. In addition, each employee
is entitled to get 5 sick leaves (in lieu of 10 Half Pay Leave) at the end of every six months. The entire accumulation of sick leave
is permitted for encashment only at the time of retirement. DPE had clarified earlier that sick leave cannot be encashed, though
Earned Leave (EL) and Half Pay Leave (HPL) could be considered for encashment on retirement subject to the overall limit of 300
days. Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MoPNG) has advised the Company to comply with the said DPE Guidelines. However,
in compliance to the DPE guidelines of 1987 which had allowed framing of own leave rules within broad parameters laid down by
the Government and keeping in view operational complications and service agreements the Company had requested concerned
authorities to reconsider the matter. Subsequently, based on the recommendation of the 3rd Pay Revision Committee, DPE in its
guidelines on pay revision, effective from January 01, 2017 has inter-alia allowed CPSEs to frame their own leave rules considering
operational necessities and subject to conditions set therein. The requisite conditions are fully met by the Company.

Long Service Award

On completion of specified period of service with the Company and also at the time of retirement, employees are rewarded with
amounts based on the length of service completed. IT is a mode of recognizing long years of loyalty and faithful service in line
with Bureau of Public Enterprises (currently DPE) advice vide its DO No. 7(3)/79-BPE (GM.I) dated February 14, 1983. On receipt
of communication from MoPNG advising us that the issue of Long Service Award has been made into an audit para in the Annual
Report of CAG of 2019, the Corporation has been clarifying its position to MoPNG individually as well as on industry basis as to
NOTE - 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)
how Long Service Awards are not in the nature of Bonus or Ex-gratia or honorarium and is emanating from a settlement with the
unions under the Industrial Dispute Act as well as with the approval of the Board in line with the DPE s advice of 1983. The matter
is being pursued with MoPNG for resolution. Pending this the provision is in line with Board approved policy.

Leave Fare Allowance (LFA) / Leave Travel Concession (LTC)

LTC is allowed once in a period of two calendar years (viz. two yearly block). An employee has, in any given block period of two
years, an option of availing LTC or encashing the entilements of LFA.
The summarised position of various Defined Benefit Plans recognised in the Statement of Profit & Loss, Balance Sheet and
Other Comprehensive Income are as under

(Figures given in Unbold & Italic Font in the table are for previous year)

Reconciliation of Balance of Defined Benefit Plans
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Defined Obligation at the
19,798.07
2,542.09
8,281.00
114.11
257.04
491.38
19,111.18
2,567.47
7,634.04
113.08
258.19
470.85
Opening Balance Adjustment
12.73
-
6.19
-
Current Service Cost
535.36
54.06
326.78
14.52
-
1.64
645.58
51.24
311.36
15.34
-
1.61
Past Service Cost
-
Interest Cost
1,624.79
183.28
599.54
8.23
18.53
35.58
1,554.67
192.30
574.84
8.47
19.26
35.46
919.39
-
964.32
-
Net Liability transferred In / (Out)
211.90
-
192.62
-
Benefits paid
(2,814.59)
(244.31)
(345.29)
(9.32)
(41.31)
(22.44)
(2,548.21)
(278.37)
(321.65)
(7.51)
(40.92)
(22.46)
(118.70)
6.62
106.13
(9.92)
10.29
(22.56)
(128.28)
9.45
82.41
(15.27)
20.51
5.92
Defined Benefit Obligation at the end
20,168.95
2,541.74
8,968.16
117.62
244.55
483.60
19,798.07
2,542.09
8,281.00
114.11
257.04
491.38

Reconciliation of balance of Fair Value of Plan Assets
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Fair Value of Plan Assets at the
20,130.03
2,555.24
8,261.22
-
19,285.66
2,632.58
7,432.30
-
Opening Balance Adjustment
(118.70)
-
Asset Shortfall Incurred
(156.85)
-
Asset Shortfall Bridged by the Company
156.85
-
Interest Income
1,624.79
184.23
598.11
-
1,554.67
197.18
559.65
-
Contribution by employer
535.36
59.74
368.37
-
645.58
-
546.37
-
919.39
-
1.03
-
964.32
-
1.10
-
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Net Liability transferred In / (Out)
211.90
-
192.62
-
Benefit paid
(2,814.59)
(244.31)
(345.29)
-
(2,548.21)
(278.37)
(321.65)
-
Re-measurement (Return on plan assets
excluding Interest Income)
9.52
14.83
49.00
-
35.39
3.85
43.45
-
Fair value of plan assets at the end
20,497.70
2,569.73
8,932.44
-
20,130.03
2,555.24
8,261.22
-
NOTE - 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)

(iii) Reconciliation of Fair Value of Plan Assets and Defined Benefit Obligation
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
20,497.70
2,569.73
8,932.44
-
20,130.03
2,555.24
8,261.22
-
the year (Net of Interest Shortfall)
20,168.95
2,541.74
8,968.16
117.62
244.55
483.60
19,798.07
2,542.09
8,281.00
114.11
257.04
491.38
Amount not recognised in the Balance
Sheet (as per para 64 of Ind-As 19)
328.75
-
331.96
-
Net Liability/ (Assets) recognised in the
Balance Sheet
-
(27.99)
35.72
117.62
244.55
483.60
-
(13.15)
19.78
114.11
257.04
491.38
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Current Service Cost
535.36
54.06
326.78
14.52
-
1.64
526.88
51.24
311.36
15.34
-
1.61
Shortfall Bridged by the Company
156.85
-
Past Service Cost
-
Net Interest Cost
-
(0.95)
1.43
8.23
18.53
35.58
-
(4.88)
15.19
8.47
19.26
35.46
Contribution by Employees
-
(1.03)
-
(1.10)
-
Expenses for the year
692.21
53.11
327.18
22.75
18.53
37.22
526.88
46.36
325.45
23.81
19.26
37.07
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
- Due to change in Demographic
-
- Due to change in Financial assumptions
-
71.43
301.47
5.73
4.29
12.45
-
58.71
112.91
4.67
2.31
41.53
- Due to Experience
(118.70)
(64.81)
(195.34)
(15.65)
6.00
(35.01)
(9.58)
(49.26)
(30.50)
(19.94)
18.20
(35.61)

(iv) Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss/ Construction Period Expenses

Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)
Loss / (Gain) for
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Change in Discounting Rate
Increase by 1%
-
(210.77)
(1,261.14)
(16.59)
(8.41)
(50.00)
-
(197.63)
(363.96)
(15.39)
(8.95)
(71.82)
Decrease by 1%
-
251.27
1,714.33
21.00
9.16
54.90
-
234.60
443.76
19.43
9.73
25.48
Change in Salary Escalation
Increase by 1%
-
49.36
-
47.50
-
Decrease by 1%
-
(58.17)
-
(54.64)
-
Change in Inflation Rate
Increase by 1%
-
1,127.51
-
996.97
-
Decrease by 1%
-
(899.77)
-
(813.78)
-
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Discount rate
6.89%
7.05%
6.89%
6.71%
7.05%
7.21%
7.24%
7.21%
7.24%
Salary escalation
-
8.00%
-
8.00%
-
Inflation
-
8.00%
6.00%
-
8.00%
6.00%
-
Average Expected Future Service/
Obligation (Years)
-
Mortality rate during employment
-
Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14) Urban
-
Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14) Urban
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Re-measurement (Return on plan assets
excluding Interest Income)
-
14.83
49.00
-
3.85
43.45
-
Net Loss / (Gain) recognised in OCI
(118.70)
(8.21)
57.13
(9.92)
10.29
(22.56)
(9.58)
5.60
38.96
(15.27)
20.51
5.92

(vi) Major Actuarial Assumptions

In case of funded schemes above, expected return on plan assets is same as that of respective discount rate.

The estimate of future salary increases considered in actuarial valuation takes account of inflation, seniority, promotion and
other relevant factors such as supply and demand factors in the employment market.

(vii) Sensitivity on Actuarial Assumptions
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)

(viii) Investment details:
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Funded
Funded
Funded
Investment with Insurer
-
99.63%
89.14%
-
99.59%
89.13%
Self managed investments
100.00%
0.37%
10.86%
100.00%
0.41%
10.87%
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity*
PRMS*
Funded
Funded
Funded
Government Securities (Central & State)
52.93%
97.96%
14.42%
52.38%
89.78%
15.60%
Investment in Equity / Mutual Funds
10.33%
0.00%
48.28%
9.00%
0.00%
39.04%
Investment in Debentures / Securities
32.68%
0.00%
37.10%
35.74%
10.12%
45.14%
Other approved investments (incl. Cash)
4.06%
2.04%
0.20%
2.88%
0.10%
0.22%
Cash Flow Projection from the Fund/ Employer
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Within next 12 Months
253.12
348.20
6.40
48.39
29.56
278.82
326.36
7.10
49.89
27.94
Between 1 to 5 Years
871.74
1,511.53
19.96
141.33
125.02
917.02
1,414.52
21.27
149.21
120.61
Between 6 to 10 Years
899.95
2,146.07
26.81
90.03
179.65
956.30
2,001.68
28.94
99.32
176.17

Details of the investment pattern for the above mentioned funded obligations are as under:

* Pending receipt of investment pattern from LIC for current year, pattern above pertains to self managed funds & funds managed by other insurers and
the actual investment pattern after considering the details from LIC shall vary.

(ix) The following payments are expected projections to the defined benefit plan in future years:
NOTE-36: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Leases
As Lessee

The Company has entered into various material lease arrangements (including in substance lease arrangements) such as lands and
buildings for the purpose of its plants, facilities, offices, retail outlet etc., storage tankages facility for storing petroleum products,
time charter arrangements for transportation of crude and petroleum products, transportation agreement for dedicated tank
trucks for road transportation of petroleum products, handling arrangement with CFA for providing dedicated storage facility and
handling lubes, supply of utilities like Hydrogen, Oxygen, Nitrogen and Water,way leave licences and port facilities among others.

There are no significant sale and lease back transactions and lease agreements entered by the Company do not contain any
material restrictions or covenants imposed by the lessor upto the current reporting period.

Details of significant leases entered by the Company (including in substance leases) are as under:

1.
Various arrangements on BOO/BOOT basis for Tankages facility, Water Intake facility, Quality Control Lab, Plants for supply
of utility gases at Refineries for periods ranging from 10-25 years. In case of BOOT contracts, Lessor will transfer ownership
to IOCL at the end of contract period at Nil/Nominal value.

2.
Leasehold lands from government for the purpose of plants, facilities and offices for the period 30 to 90 years.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-36: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)

3.
Agreements with vessel owners for hiring of dedicated time charter vessels for transportation of Company's crude and
petroleum products, these are classified as Transport Equipments.

4.
Agreements with Tank truck operators for providing dedicated tank trucks for transportation of Company s petroleum products.

5.
Arrangement for lease of land/ dedicated storage tanks for operating Retail Outlets for sale of Petroleum products, setting up
terminals/Bottling plant/Lube Blending plant for storing petroleum products/bottling LPG/Manufacturing Lubes respectively.

6.
CFA handling arrangement with CFAs for providing dedicated storage facility for handling lubes.

Amount Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss or Carrying Amount of another asset
Particulars
Depreciation and Impairment recognised
3,243.94
2,930.52
Interest on lease liabilities
970.17
895.74
Expenses relating to short-term leases (leases more than 30 days but
less than 12 months)*
839.63
946.72
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short term
leases of Low value assets
37.20
32.40
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
10,458.34
10,139.26
Income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets
-
As Rental income from Operating Lease
18.10
19.04
-
As Finance income from Finance Lease of RoU Asset
0.24
18.34
0.25
19.29
Total cash outflow for leases
4,019.48
4,897.80
Additions to ROU during the year
3,600.22
3,284.80
Net Carrying Amount of ROU at the end the year
10,594.74
10,238.46
Others including Disputed, Leave & License, Reversal of excess liability of
previous year, exchange fluctuation on lease liability etc.
349.36
325.00

*Includes Leases for which agreement are yet to be entered or due for renewal.

The details of ROU Asset included in PPE (Note 2) held as lessee by class of underlying asset are presented below :-

Asset Class
Net Carrying
April 01, 2024
Net Additions to
RoU Asset during
the Year**
Depreciation/
Impairment Recognised
During the Year
Net Carrying
March 31, 2025
Leasehold Land
4,494.83
883.72
399.04
4,979.51
307.59
38.42
36.79
309.22
Plant & Equipment
3,211.82
157.09
324.09
3,044.82
Transport Equipments
2,224.22
2,520.99
2,484.02
2,261.19
Railway Sidings
-
Total
10,238.46
3,600.22
3,243.94
10,594.74
Asset Class
Net Carrying
April 01, 2023
Net Additions to
RoU Asset during
the Year**
Depreciation/
Impairment Recognised
During the Year
Net Carrying
March 31, 2024
Leasehold Land
4,380.88
461.82
347.87
4,494.83
322.87
39.37
54.65
307.59
Plant & Equipment
3,420.54
95.35
304.07
3,211.82
Transport Equipments
1,759.88
2,688.26
2,223.92
2,224.22
Railway Sidings
0.01
-
0.01
-
Total
9,884.18
3,284.80
2,930.52
10,238.46

** Additions to RoU Asset during the year is net of RoU Assets given on Sublease or modifications and cancellations during the year, if any.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

As per requirement of the standard, maturity analysis of Lease Liabilities have been shown separately from the maturity analysis
of other financial liabilities under Liquidity Risk-Note 40: Financial Instruments & Risk Factors.

Details of items of future cash outflows which the Company is exposed as lessee but are not reflected in the measurement of
lease liabilities are as under:

Variable Lease Payments

Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are to be included in the measurement of lease liability although
not paid at the commencement date. As per general industry practice, the Company incurs various variable lease payments
which are not based any index or rate (variable based on kms covered or % of sales etc.) and are recognised in profit or loss
and not included in the measurement of lease liability. Details of some of the arrangements entered by the Company which
contain variable lease payments are as under:

1.
Transportation arrangement based on number of kms covered for dedicated tank trucks with different operators for
road transportation of petroleum, petrochemical and gas products.

2.
Leases of Land of Retail Outlets based on Sales volume.

3.
Rent for storage tanks for petroleum products on per day basis.

4.
Payment of VTS software and VSAT equipment based on performance of equipment.

5.
Payment of SD WAN equipment & software based on performance of equipment.

Extension and Termination Options

The Company lease arrangements includes extension options only to provide operational flexibility. Company assesses
at every lease commencement whether IT is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options and further reassesses
whether IT is reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances
within its control. However, where Company has the sole discretion to extend the contract such lease term is included for the
purpose of calculation of lease liabilities.

The Company has the sole discretion to terminate the lease in case of lease agreement for Retail Outlets. However, Company
is reasonably certain not to exercise the option in view of significant improvement and prominent importance of Retail
to the entity's operations. Accordingly, such lease term without any effect of termination is considered for the purpose of

(iii) Residual Value Guarantees

The Company have entered into various BOOT agreements wherein at the end of lease term the leased assets will be
transferred to the Company at Nominal value which has no significant impact on measurement of lease liabilities.

(iv) Committed leases which are yet to commence

1.
The Company has entered into 4 nos. of lease agreements on BOO/ BOOT basis for Tankages facility and supply of
utilities at multiple refineries for a period ranging from 15-20 years. IOCL has sub leased the land for the construction of
the plant. Lease will commence once plant is commissioned.

2.
The Company has paid Advance Upfront Premium of H 19.70 crore to MSRDC for land for Retail outlets at Aurangabad
and Mumbai for the period of 30 years. The land is yet to be handed over to Company and therefore the amount is lying
as Capital Advance and shall form part of ROU Assets once lease is commenced.

3.
The Company has entered into lease agreement for sourcing e-locks from various vendors for a period of 3 years (with
an option to extend at the option of IOCL) at rate ranging from H 1,200-1,650/month and for 1 vendor H 2,450/month. As
at March 31, 2025, 4,111 no's are yet to be supplied. However, the same are low value items.

4.
The Company has entered into lease agreement with Andhra Pradesh State Civil Supplies for land for 1 Retail Outlet
at Vizag for a period of 20 years at an monthly rental of H 20,000/- with an increment of 10% in every 3 years. The
possession of land is not given and the matter is pending in the court.

5.
The Company has entered into centralised lease agreement with M/s Trimble for rent payment of H373/month for VTS
software for POL trucks customised to IOCL requirement for a period of 5 years. As at March 31, 2025, total 19,039 Nos
are yet to be installed. However, payment is in the nature of variable lease payment.
NOTE-36: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-36: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)

6.
The Company has entered into lease agreement with various vendors for VTS software of LPG trucks for a period of
5 years at a rental ranging from H 108-256/month. As at March 31, 2025 a total of 14,020 nos. of VTS are yet to be
installed. However, payment is in the nature of variable lease payment.

7.
The Company has entered into lease agreement with M/s Seven Islands Shipping Ltd for hiring time charter vessels for
a period of 2 years to be commenced from the month of Apr'2025.

8.
The Company has entered into lease agreement for Supply, Installation and Maintenance of Dual Network Connectivity
Solution (SD-WAN Solutions) with Managed Services on rental basis for ROs for a period of 5 years on OPEX Model with
monthly rental of H 2,113/-. Out of selected RO's, commissioning is pending in 1,103 RO's. However, payment is in the
nature of variable lease payment.
(b) As Lessor
Operating Lease

The lease rentals recognised as income in these statements as per the rentals stated in the respective agreements:
Particulars
Lease rentals recognised as income during the year
151.23
283.89
-
Variable Lease
58.07
166.29
-
Others
93.16
117.60
Particulars
Selling Profit/(Loss)
-
Finance income on the net investment in the lease
0.24
0.25
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
33.81
26.12
14.64
15.74
11.67
3.34
9.71
1.79
4.47
0.75
16.68
1.49
Total
90.98
49.23

These relate to Land/Buildings subleased for non fuel business, storage tankage facilities for petroleum products, Leave and
License model, machinery, and office equipments given on lease. Asset class wise details have been presented under Note 2:
Property, Plant and Equipments.

Finance Lease

The Company has entered into the following material finance lease arrangements:

The Company has entered into a lease agreement with Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited in which the Company has
leased out land for one time upfront payment of H 16.65 crore.

Lease income from lease contracts in which the Company acts as a lessor is as below:-
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Gross Investments in Finance Lease
16.65
20.89
Less: Unearned Finance Income
-
Less: Finance Income Received
-
0.29
Less: Minimum Lease payment received
16.65
20.35
-
0.25
Net Investment in Finance Lease as on Date
-
Opening Net Investment in Finance Lease
-
0.74
Add: New Leases added during the year
-
Less: PV of Minimum Lease payment received during the year
-
0.49
-
0.25
Closing Net Investment in Finance Lease
-
NOTE-36: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)
Contingent Liabilities
B.1 Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt amounting to H11,320.47 crore (2024: H8,441.23 crore) are as under:

B.1.1 H785.72 crore (2024: H137.41 crore) being the demands raised by the Central Excise /Customs/ Service Tax/ GST Authorities
including interest of H541.83 crore (2024: H62.69 crore).

B.1.2 H39.84 crore (2024: H39.84 crore) in respect of demands for Entry Tax from State Governments including interest of H9.44
crore (2024: H9.44 crore).

B.1.3 H756.89 crore (2024: H810.97 crore) being the demands raised by the VAT/ Sales Tax Authorities including interest of H265.89
crore (2024: H268.93 crore).

B.1.4 H1,131.11 crore (2024: H2,568.91 crore) in respect of Income Tax demands including interest of H109.38 crore
(2024: H212.00 crore).

B.1.5 H8,386.00 crore (2024: H4,716.60 crore) including H4,072.39 crore (2024: H3,978.83 crore) on account of Projects for which suits
have been filed in the Courts or cases are lying with Arbitrator. This includes interest of H1,052.73 crore (2024: H188.67 crore).

B.1.6 H220.91 crore (2024: H167.50 crore) in respect of other claims including interest of H44.74 crore (2024: H74.88 crore).

The Company has not considered those disputed demands/claims as contingent liabilities, for which, the outflow of resources has
been considered as remote. The Company does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a materially adverse effect
on its financial position. Contingent liabilities in respect of joint operations are disclosed in Note 33B.
B.2. Guarantees excluding Financial Guarantees

B.2.1 The Company has entered into Master Guarantee Agreement, on behalf of its subsidiaries viz. Indoil Global B.V. and Indoil
Montney Ltd. for all of its payments and performance obligations under the various Project Agreements entered by the
subsidiaries with PETRONAS Carigali Canada B.V. and Progress Energy Canada Ltd. (now renamed as Petronas Energy
Canada Ltd.). The total amount sanctioned by the Board of Directors is CAD 3,924.76 million. The estimated amount of
such obligation (net of amount paid) as on 31st March 2025 is INR 2,818.95 crore - CAD 472.50 million (2024: INR 3,367.22
crore - CAD 549.49 million). The sanctioned amount was reduced by CAD 1,462.00 million due to winding down of LNG
Plant during 2017.

*B.2.2 The Company has issued Corporate Guarantee in favour of three beneficiaries i.e., Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
(Republic), The Corporation Venezolana del Petroleo S.A. and PeTroCarabobo S.A., on behalf of Indoil Netherlands B.V.,
Netherlands (an associate Company) to fulfil the associate Company s future obligations of payment of signature bonus /
equity contribution / loan to the beneficiaries. The total amount sanctioned by the Board of Directors is USD 424 million. The
estimated amount of such obligation (net of amount paid) as on 31st March 2025 is H3,131.40 crore - USD 366.33 million
(2024: H3,055.57 crore - USD 366.33 million).
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-36: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)

*B.2.3 The Company has issued Corporate Guarantee, on behalf of IndianOil Adani Gas Private Limited (IOAGPL), to the extent of
obligations of later Company under Performance Bank Guarantee facility provided to IOAGPL by State Bank of India, Canara
Bank, Bank of Baroda, Indian Bank, IndusInd Bank, Jammu and Kashmir Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank. On 31st March, 2025,
the Company s share of such obligation is estimated at H3,472.15 crore (2024: H3,472.15 crore).

*B.2.4 The Company has issued Parent Company Guarantee in favour of Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, on behalf of Urja Bharat
Pte. Ltd., Singapore (a joint venture Company of Company's subsidiary i.e. IOCL Singapore Pte Ltd) to fulfill the joint venture
Company's future obligations of payment and performance of Minimum Work Programme. The total amount sanctioned by
the Board of Directors is USD 149.94 Million. The estimated amount of such obligation (net of amount paid) is H564.08 crore
- USD 65.99 million (2024: H144.30 crore - USD 17.30 million).

* The Company has sought an opinion from Expert Advisory Committee (EAC) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India on treatment of these as
Financial Guarantee. On receipt of the EAC opinion, appropriate effect will be given in the books of account, if required.
B.3 Other money for which the Company is Contingently Liable

B.3.1 Pending decision of the Government, no liability could be determined and provided for in respect of additional compensation,
if any, payable to the land owners and the Government for certain lands acquired.

B.3.2 As on 31.03.2025, Company has contingent liability of H1,452.03 crore (2024: H967.81 crore) towards custom duty for capital
goods imported under Manufacturing & Other operation in Warehouse Regulation (MOOWR) scheme against which Company
has executed and utilised bond amounting to H4,356.09 crore (2024: H2,903.43 crore) which represents three times of the
custom duty. The firm liability towards such custom duty shall be contingent upon conditions (Rate of custom duty/decision
of Company to export, etc) at the time of filing of ex-bond bill of entry at the time of disposal. In case the Company decides
to export such capital goods, the associated costs shall not be significant.
Commitments
C.1. Capital Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account and thus not provided for is H41,684.17 crore
(2024: H61,085.44 crore) inclusive of taxes.
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
As required by Ind-AS -24 Related Party Disclosures , are given below:
1.
Subsidiaries and their Subsidiaries
Details of Subsidiary Companies/ Entities and their Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
1). Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited
9) IOCL Singapore Pte. Limited
2). IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Limited
10). Mercator Petroleum Limited (Acquired under CIRP in May 2024)
3). IndianOil (Mauritius) Limited
11) Terra Clean Limited (incorporated on 31.05.2024)
4). Lanka IOC PLC
5). IOC Middle East FZE
Step Down Subsidiaries
6). IOC Sweden AB
1). IndOil Montney Limited
7) IOCL (USA) INC.
2). IOCL Exploration and Production Oman Limited
8) IndOil Global B.V., Netherlands
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
The following transactions were carried out with Subsidiary Companies/Entities and their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business:
Particulars
Sales of Products/Services
3,888.38
2,780.63
[Includes sales to Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited ₹3,822.10 crore (2024
₹2,486.33 crore) and Lanka IOC PLC ₹45.81 crore (2024: ₹281.18 crore) ]
Interest received
11.63
-
[Includes sales to Mercator Petroleum Limited ₹11.63 crore (2024:Nil ) ]
Other Operating Revenue/Dividend/Other Income
1,379.54
790.66
[Includes Other Operating Revenue/Dividend/Other Income from IOCL
Singapore Pte. Limited ₹754.74 crore (2024: ₹288.75 crore), Chennai Petroleum
Corporation Limited ₹506.29 crore (2024: ₹272.39 crore) and IndOil Global B.V.,
Netherlands ₹47.21 crore (2024: ₹176.63 crore)]
Purchase of Products
65,227.02
71,796.87
[Includes Purchase of Products from Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited
₹65,227.02 crore (2024: ₹71,796.87 crore)]
Purchase of Raw Materials/Others
2,029.89
2,019.60
[Includes Purchase of Raw Materials/Others from Chennai Petroleum
Corporation Limited ₹2,029.89 crore (2024: ₹2,019.60 crore)]
Interest paid
50.42
0.58
[Mainly includes Interest paid to IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Limited
₹50.37 crore (2024: ₹0.58 crore)]
Expenses Paid/(Recovered) (Net)
41.47
(17.68)
[Includes Expenses Paid to/(Recovered) from Chennai Petroleum Corporation
Limited ₹38.41 crore (2024:- ₹20.71 crore)]
Investments made/(sold) during the year (Incl Advance for Investment)
705.36
110.56
[Includes Investment made/(reduction in share capital) in IOC Global Capital
Management IFSC Limited ₹654.00 crore (2024: ₹6.25 crore)]
Purchase/ (Sale)/Acquisition of Fixed Assets (Incl. CWIP/Leases)
22.27
21.94
[Includes Purchase/(Sale)/Acquisition of Fixed Assets incl. CWIP/Leases from
Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited ₹22.27 crore (2024: ₹21.94 crore)]
10 Provisions made/ (write back) during the year
(70.62)
-
[Includes Provision made/ (written back) in IOC Sweden AB ₹83.92 crore
(2024:Nil ) and IOCL (USA) INC.- ₹154.54 crore (2024:Nil )]
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Outstanding Receivables/Loans
2,637.03
2,925.26
[Includes Outstanding Receivables from Chennai Petroleum Corporation
Limited ₹2,430.34 crore (2024: ₹2,870.04 crore)]
Outstanding Payables (Incl Lease Obligation)
1,236.63
1,237.99
[Includes Outstanding payable to IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Limited
₹855.30 crore (2024: ₹834.68 crore) and Chennai Petroleum Corporation
Limited ₹374.91 crore (2024: ₹390.55 crore)]
Investments in Subsidiaries as on date
17,340.28
16,452.44
Guarantees
Financial Guarantees
5,312.95
4,630.47
[Includes Financial Guarantees given to IndOil Montney Limited ₹4,938.55 crore
(2024: ₹4,630.47 crore)]
Other than Financial Guarantees
2,818.95
3,367.22
[Includes Parent Company Guarantees for other than debt obligation given to
IndOil Montney Limited ₹2,818.95 crore (2024: ₹3,367.22 crore)]

Notes

1)

2)
In case of Subsidiary Companies constituted/acquired during the year, transactions w.e.f. date of constitution /
acquisition are disclosed.

3)
In case of Subsidiary Companies which have been closed/divested during the year, transactions up to the date of closure /
disinvestment only are disclosed.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
2. Joint Ventures (JVs) and Associate of IOCL & their subsidiaries and JVs of Subsidiaries of IOCL:
A)
Details of Joint Ventures (JVs) / Associate Entities to IOCL & its Subsidiaries
JVs and Associates of IOCL
1 ) IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited
28). IOC Phinergy Private Limited
2 ) Lubrizol India Private Limited
29). Paradeep Plastic Park Limited
3 ) Petronet VK Limited
30) Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited@@
4 ) IndianOil Petronas Private Limited
31). IndianOil NTPC Green Energy Private Limited
5 ) Avi-Oil India Private Limited
32). GH4India Private Limited
6 ) Petronet India Limited *
33) IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited (Incorporated on 21.06.2024)
7 ) Petronet LNG Limited
34) Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited (Incorporated on 15.07.2024)
8 ) Green Gas Limited
35). LPG Equipment Research Centre
9) Petronet CI Limited @
36). Indian Oil Foundation
10). IndianOil LNG Private Limited
11). IndianOil SkyTanking Private Limited
JVs and Associates of IOCL's Subsidiaries
12). Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited
37). Indian Additives Limited
13). Delhi Aviation Fuel Facility Private Limited
38). National Aromatics & Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
14). Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
39). Taas India PTE Limited
15) Indian Oil Ruchi Biofuels LLP #
40). Vankor India PTE Limited
16). NPCIL- IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited 41) Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals Limited
17). GSPL India Transco Limited
42) Falcon Oil & Gas B.V.
18). GSPL India Gasnet Limited
43). Urja Bharat PTE Limited
19). IndianOil - Adani Gas Private Limited
44). Beximco IOC Petroleum and Energy Limited
20). Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Private Limited
45) INDOIL Netherlands B.V.
21). Kochi Salem Pipeline Private Limited
46). Bharat Energy Office LLC
22) Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited$
47). Trinco Petroleum Terminal (Private) Limited
23). Ratnagiri Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited
48). Mer Rouge Oil Storage Terminal Limited
24). Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited
49) Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited@@
25) Ujjwala Plus Foundation^^
50) I.O.M.L. Hulas Lube Private Limited
26). IHB Limited
51) Sun Mobility Pte. Limited, Singapore (Since on 27.06.2024)
27). IndianOil Total Private Limited
52). CPCL Educational Trust
1). IAV Engineering & Construction Services Limited
11). Petronet Energy Limited
2). IAV Infrastructures Private Limited
12). KazakhstanCaspishelf India Private Limited
3). IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited
13) Petronet LNG Singapore PTE. Limited
4). IAV Engineering Projects Limited
14). IOSL Noida Private Limited
5). JSC KazakhstanCaspishelf
15). IAV Utkarsh Limited
6). Indian Oiltanking Engineering & Construction
Services LLC Oman
16). IAV Urja Services Limited
7) IoT Vito Muhendislik Insaat Ve Taahut A.S.
17) IAV Udaan Limited (Incorporated on 19.04.2024)
8). IndianOil Skytanking Delhi Private Limited
9). IAV Biogas Private Limited
10). Petronet LNG Foundation (Limited by Guarantee)
B)
Details of Subsidiaries to JVs of IOCL
* Petronet India Limited is a JV amongst Indian Oil, BPCL, HPCL, RIL, NEL, IL&FS, SBI and ICICI. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending
@ Petronet CI Ltd. is a JV amongst Indian Oil, PIL, RIL, NEL and BPCL. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending with Official Liquidator since 2006.
# IndianOil has exited the Joint Venture, IndianOil Ruchi Biofuels LLP (M/s IORB) by giving notice of its exit from the LLP to the other JV partner viz. Ruchi
Soya Industries Limited (M/s Ruchi) as well as to the LLP on December 26, 2018 stating that IT will exit the LLP w.e.f. January 25, 2019. The time frame for
completing exit formalities by M/s Ruchi by filing requisite forms with ROC was within 30 days of notice expiry period (i.e., by February 24, 2019) however
the same is still pending and IndianOil s name is appearing on ROC website as Partner in the said LLP. IT has been informed that M/s Ruchi was under
Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process and has been taken over by Patanjali Ayurveda Limited. All necessary documents have been provided to M/s Ruchi
$ The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 23.11.2022 has accorded in-principle approval for disinvestment of Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited.
^^ The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 14.03.2023 has accorded in-principle approval for closure of Ujjwala Plus Foundation.
@@ The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 28.03.2024 has accorded in-principle approval for revision in capital structure of CBRPL with 75% equity from
IndianOil and 25% equity from CPCL. Upon IndianOil acquiring the balance 50% equity shares, CBRPL would become a Subsidiary of IndianOil.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
C)
The following transactions were carried out with Joint Ventures (JVs)/ Associate of IOCL & their subsidiaries and JVs of
Subsidiaries of IOCL in the ordinary course of business:
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
Particulars
Sales of Products/Services
5,420.30
5,199.63
[Includes sales to IndianOil Petronas Private Limited ₹2,849.78 crore (2024
₹2,615.22 crore), Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited ₹1,024.13 crore
(2024: ₹1,514.26 crore) and Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited ₹768.64
crore (2024: ₹609.31 crore)]
Interest received
1.24
221.89
[Includes interest received from IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited ₹1.22 crore
(2024: ₹1.23 crore) and IndianOil LNG Private Limited- Nil (2024: ₹219.18 crore)]
Other Operating Revenue/Dividend/Other Income
524.50
525.56
[Includes Other Operating Revenue/Dividend/Other Income from Petronet LNG
Limited ₹194.45 crore (2024: ₹194.00 crore), IndianOil Petronas Private Limited
₹111.47 crore (2024: ₹98.95 crore) and Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
₹150.89 crore (2024: ₹140.40 crore)]
Purchase of Products
12,964.39
12,185.90
[Includes Purchase of Products from Petronet LNG Limited ₹10,944.61 crore
(2024: ₹10,685.34 crore)]
Purchase of Raw Materials/Others
7,755.55
7,818.71
[Includes Purchase of Raw Materials/Others from Petronet LNG Limited
₹4,391.12 crore (2024: ₹4,417.16 crore) and Falcon Oil & Gas B.V. ₹2,658.63
crore (2024: ₹2,717.76 crore)]
Interest paid
153.67
181.75
[Includes Interest paid to IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited ₹153.67 crore
(2024: ₹181.75 crore)]
Expenses Paid/(Recovered) (Net)
873.42
905.14
[Includes Interest paid to IndianOil Petronas Private Limited ₹294.30 crore
(2024: ₹329.51 crore), IndianOil Sky Tanking Private Limited ₹201.04 crore
(2024: ₹196.33 crore), IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited ₹139.68 crore (2024
₹120.05 crore) and IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited ₹95.46 crore (2024
₹91.41 crore)]
Investments made/(sold) during the year (Incl. Advance for Investment)
477.95
601.31
[Includes Investment made in Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited ₹185.01
crore (2024:Nil ), Kochi Salem Pipelines Private Limited ₹112.50 crore (2024
₹76.99 crore), IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited ₹54.15 crore (2024:Nil ) and
Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited- Nil (2024: ₹347.03 crore)]
Provisions made/(write back) during the year
95.24
-
[Includes Provision made/(written back) in GSPL India Transco Limited ₹95.24
crore (2024:Nil )]
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Outstanding Receivables/Loans
2,058.30
2,236.00
[Includes Outstanding Receivables/Loans from IndianOil LNG Private Limited
₹1,055.99 crore (2024: ₹1,056.21 crore) and Petronet LNG Limited ₹195.92
crore (2024: ₹226.63 crore)]
Outstanding Payables (Incl. Lease Obligation)
2,808.19
2,974.94
[Includes Outstanding payable to IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited ₹1,388.45
crore (2024: ₹1,683.84 crore) and Petronet LNG Limited ₹1,166.98 crore (2024:
₹1,009.93 crore)]
Investments in JV/Associates as on date
13,020.87
11,807.04
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Guarantees
Financial Guarantees
224.00
132.00
[Includes Financial Guarantees given to Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited
₹224.00 crore (2024: ₹132.00 crore)]
Other than Financial Guarantees
7,167.63
6,672.02
[Includes Parent Company Guarantees for other than debt obligation given to
IndianOil Adani Gas Private Limited ₹3,472.15 crore (2024: ₹3,472.15 crore) and
INDOIL Netherlands B.V. ₹3,131.40 crore (2024: ₹3,055.57 crore)]

Notes

1)

2)
In case of Joint Venture/ Subsidiary Companies constituted/acquired during the period, transactions w.e.f. date of constitution
/ acquisition is disclosed.

3)
In case of Joint Venture / Subsidiary Companies which have been closed/divested during the period, transactions up to the
date of closure / disinvestment only are disclosed.
3.
Government related entities where significant transactions carried out

Apart from transactions reported above, the Company has transactions with other Government related entities, which includes but
not limited to the following:
Name of Government
Government of India (Central and State Government)
Nature of Transactions

N
Sale of Products and Services

N
Purchase of Products

N
Purchase of Raw Materials

N
Handling and Freight Charges, etc.
A. Whole Time Directors/ Company Secretary B. Independent Directors
C. Government Nominee Directors
1) Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney (w.e.f.
13.11.2024)
1) Dr. (Prof.) Ram Naresh Singh
1) Dr. Sujata Sharma
2) Shri V. Satish Kumar
2) Dr.(Prof.) Ashutosh Pant
(Upto 23.11.2024)
2). Shri Sunil Kumar
(Upto 07.05.2024)
3) Shri N. Senthil Kumar
3) Dr. Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
(Upto 23.11.2024 & Re-
4). Shri Anuj Jain
4). Shri Prasenjit Biswas
(Upto 23.11.2024 & Re-
5) Dr. Alok Sharma
5). Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
(Upto 23.11.2024)
6) Ms. Rashmi Govil
6). Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
(Upto 23.11.2024 & Re-
7) Shri Arvind Kumar (w.e.f. 17.07.2024)
7). Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
(Upto 23.11.2024)

These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Company s business on terms comparable to those with other
entities that are not Government-related.
4)
Key Managerial Personnel
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
D)
Details relating to the personnel referred to in Item No. 4A & 4B above:

Key Managerial Personnel
Short-Term
Employee
Benefits
Post
Employment
Benefits
Other
Long Term
Benefits
Total
Remuneration
Sitting
Fees
Outstanding
Loans (Gross)/
Advance
Receivables
Secretary
1). Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
0.23
0.03
-
0.26
-
0.07
2) Shri V. Satish Kumar
0.76
0.09
-
0.85
-
3) Shri N. Senthil Kumar
0.73
0.09
0.22
1.04
-
0.02
4). Shri Anuj Jain
0.73
0.08
0.10
0.91
-
0.17
5) Dr. Alok Sharma
0.75
0.09
-
0.84
-
6) Ms. Rashmi Govil
0.85
0.09
0.11
1.05
-
7). Shri Arvind Kumar
0.46
0.07
0.11
0.64
-
0.04
8). Shri Suman Kumar
0.05
0.01
-
0.06
-
0.12
9) Shri S. M. Vaidya
0.34
0.05
0.21
0.60
-
10). Shri Sujoy Choudhury
0.39
0.91
0.12
1.42
-
11) Ms. Sukla Mistry
0.14
0.92
0.22
1.28
-
12). Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani
0.79
0.09
0.10
0.98
-
0.20
B. Independent Directors
1) Dr. (Prof.) Ram Naresh Singh
-
0.07
-
2) Dr.(Prof.) Ashutosh Pant
-
0.05
-
3) Dr. Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
-
0.06
-
4). Shri Prasenjit Biswas
-
0.08
-
5). Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
-
0.06
-
6). Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
-
0.05
-
7). Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
-
0.04
-
TOTAL
6.22
2.52
1.19
9.93
0.41
0.62
A. Whole Time Directors/ Company Secretary B. Independent Directors
C. Government Nominee Directors
8) Shri Suman Kumar (w.e.f. 26.02.2025)
9) Shri S. M. Vaidya (Upto 31.08.2024)
10) Shri Sujoy Choudhury (Upto 31.08.2024)
11) Ms. Sukla Mistry (Upto 30.04.2024)
12). Shri Ranjan Kumar Mohapatra
(Upto 02.05.2023)
13) Dr. S. S. Ramakumar (Upto 31.07.2023)
14) Shri D. S. Nanaware (Upto 30.06.2023)
15) Shri Sanjay Kaushal (Upto 09.10.2023)
16). Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
Key Managerial Personnel
Short-Term
Employee
Benefits
Post
Employment
Benefits
Other
Long Term
Benefits
Total
Remuneration
Sitting
Fees
Outstanding
Loans (Gross)/
Advance
Receivables
Secretary
1) Shri V. Satish Kumar
0.71
0.08
0.11
0.90
-
2) Shri N. Senthil Kumar
0.39
0.05
0.17
0.61
-
0.03
3). Shri Anuj Jain
0.22
0.04
-
0.26
-
0.19
4) Dr. Alok Sharma
0.13
0.02
0.11
0.26
-
5) Ms. Rashmi Govil
0.03
0.01
-
0.04
-
0.08
6) Shri S. M. Vaidya
0.74
0.90
0.01
1.65
-
7). Shri Sujoy Choudhury
0.73
0.08
0.10
0.91
-
8) Ms. Sukla Mistry
0.67
0.08
-
0.75
-
9). Shri Ranjan Kumar Mohapatra
0.14
-
0.14
-
10) Dr. S. S. V. Ramakumar
0.29
0.72
0.11
1.12
-
11) Shri D. S. Nanaware
0.50
0.80
0.11
1.41
-
12). Shri Sanjay Kaushal
0.41
0.04
0.01
0.46
13). Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani
0.67
0.08
-
0.75
-
0.23
B. Independent Directors
1) Dr. (Prof.) Ram Naresh Singh
-
0.06
-
2) Dr.(Prof.) Ashutosh Pant
-
0.11
-
3) Dr. Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
-
0.11
-
4). Shri Prasenjit Biswas
-
0.14
-
5). Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
-
0.11
-
6). Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
-
0.10
-
7). Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
-
0.08
-
TOTAL
5.63
2.90
0.73
9.26
0.71
0.53

Notes
1)
This does not include the impact of provision made on actuarial valuation of retirement benefit/ long term Schemes and
provision made during the period towards Post Retirement Benefits as the same are not separately ascertainable for
individual directors.
2)
There were no Share Based Employee Benefits given to KMPs during the period.
3)
In addition, whole-time Directors are also allowed the use of Corporation's car for private purposes up to 12,000 kms. per
annum on a payment of ₹2,000/- per mensem.
4)
Remuneration and Loan balances for KMP is reported for the period of tenure as KMP.
5)
Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel and nature of relation with whom transactions are undertaken during the year:
1)
Shri Siddharth Shrikant Vaidya (Assistant Manager (Production), Indian Oil Corporation Limited): Son of Shri S M Vaidya who
was Key Managerial Personnel up to 31.08.2024.
2)
Shri Vinayak Shrikant Vaidya (Production Engineer, Indian Oil Corporation Limited): Son of Shri S M Vaidya who was Key
Managerial Personnel up to 31.08.2024
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE 37: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
Particulars
Remuneration ^
Shri Siddharth Shrikant Vaidya
0.10
0.23
Shri Vinayak Shrikant Vaidya
0.07
0.16
Outstanding Receivables/ Loans ^
Shri Siddharth Shrikant Vaidya
0.10
0.12
Shri Vinayak Shrikant Vaidya
-
Name of the Trust
Post
Employment
Benefit Plan
Contribution
Outstanding
Receivable/
(Payable)
Contribution
Outstanding
Receivable/
(Payable)
IOCL (Refinery Division) Employees Provident Fund Provident Fund
274.99
(39.85)
264.97
8.64
Indian Oil Corporation Limited (Assam Oil
Division) Employees Provident Fund
Provident Fund
16.24
0.41
17.42
(0.23)
Provident Fund for the Employees of Indian Oil
Corporation Limited (Marketing Division)
Provident Fund
244.13
(49.46)
244.48
(1.43)
IOCL Employees Superannuation Benefit Fund
Pension Scheme
87.72
12.37
108.75
2.25
IOCL Employees Post Retirement Medical
Benefit Fund
Post Retirement
Medical Scheme
368.37
64.74
546.37
70.45
IOCL Employees Group Gratuity Trust
Gratuity
59.74
49.41
-
39.96
NOTE - 38: SEGMENT INFORMATION
Operating Segment Reporting as per Ind-AS 108 for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as under:

^ Remuneration and Loan balances for relative of KMP is reported for the period of tenure of KMP.
6)
Employee Benefit Trusts

Transactions with Post Employment Benefit Plans managed through separate trust:
Particulars
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Revenue

External Revenue
7,73,632.43
27,981.71
42,210.70
1,687.77
-
8,45,512.61
8,03,127.27
26,186.80
35,215.42
1,815.89
-
8,66,345.38

Inter-segment
Revenue
19,738.20
48.79
130.74
59.37
(19,977.10)
-
18,515.49
46.89
7.78
61.11
(18,631.27)
-
Total Revenue
7,93,370.63
28,030.50
42,341.44
1,747.14
(19,977.10)
8,45,512.61
8,21,642.76
26,233.69
35,223.20
1,877.00
(18,631.27)
8,66,345.38
Result

Segment Results
excluding
Exchange Gain/
(Loss)
19,427.75
(445.96)
1,405.12
(160.98)
-
20,225.93
55,998.65
(351.49)
500.72
260.87
-
56,408.75

Segmental
Exchange Gain/
(Loss)
(1,467.29)
5.67
21.63
0.62
-
(1,439.37)
(821.81)
7.35
25.29
2.32
-
(786.85)
Segment Results
(Before Exceptional
Items)
17,960.46
(440.29)
1,426.75
(160.36)
-
18,786.56
55,176.84
(344.14)
526.01
263.19
-
55,621.90

Details relating to the parties referred above:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 38: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Contd..)
Particulars
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Less: Unallocable
Expenditure
-
Finance Cost
8,731.59
7,327.79
-
Impairment
Loss on
Financial Assets
- Pertaining to
Investment
24.63
-
Exchange Loss -
(Net)
815.81
394.11
-
Other non
expenses
26.81
-
Add: Unallocable
Income
-
Interest and
Dividend Income
4,669.22
4,105.71
-
Gain on
Derivatives
61.95
84.09
-
Fair value gain
on Financial
instruments
classified as
FVTPL
6.30
128.41
-
Other non
income
119.13
126.00
Profit / (Loss) Before
Exceptional items
and Tax
14,044.32
52,344.21
Exceptional Items
(Refer Note 49, S. No. 2)
1,838.02
-
Profit / (Loss) Before
Tax
15,882.34
52,344.21
Less: Income Tax
(including deferred tax)
2,920.77
12,725.37
Profit / (Loss) After
Tax
12,961.57
39,618.84
1.
The Company is engaged in the following operating segments:

Sale of Petroleum Products

Sale of Petrochemicals

Sale of Gas

Other operating segment of the Corporation comprises; Oil & Gas Exploration Activities, Explosives & Cryogenic Business and
Wind Mill & Solar Power Generation.

Segments have been identified and reported taking into account, the nature of products and services and differing
risks and returns.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
2.
Segment Revenue comprises of the following:

Turnover (Inclusive of Excise Duties)

Net Claim/(Surrender) of SSC

Subsidy / Grants received from Governments

Other Operating Revenue
3.
Inter segment pricing are at Arm s length basis
4.
There are no reportable geographical segments.
Other Information
NOTE - 38: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Segment Assets
3,46,362.28
39,172.38
15,079.10
2,722.53
4,03,336.29
3,29,731.14
35,187.89
13,866.19
2,437.69
3,81,222.91
Corporate Assets

Investments
(Current and Non
Current)
70,917.20
71,088.18

Advances For
Investments
80.00
192.05

Income Tax/
Current Tax
Assets
2,256.77
1,799.10

Loans
3,409.46
2,935.40

Derivative Asset
0.62
2.98
Total Assets
4,80,000.34
4,57,240.62
Segment Liabilities
1,32,334.84
1,998.61
3,344.88
810.62
1,38,488.95
1,31,021.11
1,750.00
3,372.41
610.63
1,36,754.15
Corporate Liabilities

Income Tax/
Current Tax
Liabilities
-
906.63

Borrowings
(Short Term and
Long Term)
1,34,465.54
1,16,495.74

Lease
Obligations
(Short Term and
Long Term)
9,902.26
9,370.94

Deferred Tax
Liabilities
18,252.55
16,637.10

Derivative
Liabiliies
214.18
361.08
Total Liabilities
3,01,323.48
2,80,525.64
Capital Employed

Segment Wise
2,14,027.44
37,173.77
11,734.22
1,911.91
2,64,847.34
1,98,710.03
33,437.89
10,493.78
1,827.06
2,44,468.76

Corporate
(86,170.48)
(67,753.78)
Total Capital
Employed
1,78,676.86
1,76,714.98
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 38: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Contd..)
Geographical information
Particulars
Revenue from external customers
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
India
8,15,149.84
8,31,696.16
2,67,760.87
2,44,449.41
Outside India
30,362.77
34,649.22
392.97
372.21
Total
8,45,512.61
8,66,345.38
2,68,153.84
2,44,821.62
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Segment
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Capital Expenditure
32,515.73
3,489.60
901.32
530.52
-
37,437.17
32,636.42
5,708.93
1,487.03
265.55
-
40,097.93
Depreciation and
Amortization
13,270.54
1,394.79
426.55
192.26
-
15,284.14
12,591.91
1,258.03
587.75
71.91
-
14,509.60
Revenue from major products and services
Particulars
Motor Spirit (MS)
1,95,383.41
1,92,926.62
High Speed Diesel (HSD)
3,78,757.76
4,01,874.29
Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG)
91,080.60
1,02,693.67
Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF)
39,920.60
42,324.00
Others
1,40,370.24
1,26,526.80
Total External Revenue
8,45,512.61
8,66,345.38
NOTE - 39: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
Set out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying value and fair value of the Company s financial instruments,
along with the fair value measurement hierarchy:
Particulars
Carrying Value
Fair Value
Fair Value
As at
As at
As at
As at
Financial Assets
A. Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
(FVTOCI)
Quoted Equity Shares
30,408.71
32,622.45
30,408.71
32,622.45
Level 1
Unquoted Equity Instruments
5,274.23
4,494.29
5,274.23
4,494.29
Level 3
Quoted Government Securities
9,516.68
9,530.90
9,516.68
9,530.90
Level 1
Hedging Derivatives
Commodity forward contracts- Margin Hedging
0.62
2.98
0.62
2.98
Level 2
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 39: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)

Notes

1.
The management has assessed that fair values of Trade Receivables, Trade Payables, Cash and Cash Equivalents, Bank
Balances & Bank Deposits, Loans (incl. Security Deposits) other than mentioned above, Short Term Borrowings (incl. Current
Maturities of Long Term Borrowings), Floating Rate Borrowings, Lease Liabilities, Other Non-Derivative Current/ Non-Current
Financial Assets & Other Non-Derivative Current/ Non-Current Financial Liabilities approximate their carrying amounts.

2.
During FY 2022-23, the management had assessed viability of the project being carried out by Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited.
Due to uncertainty involved in carrying out operations and non-utilisation of available reserves of Block - OML 142, the
management had assessed the fair value of investment and loan advanced to Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited as NIL.

Methods and Assumptions

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values at the reporting date:

Level 1 Hierarchy

Quoted Equity Shares: Closing quoted price (unadjusted) in National Stock Exchange of India Limited

Quoted Government Securities: Closing published price (unadjusted) in Clearing Corporation of India Limited
Particulars
Carrying Value
Fair Value
Fair Value
As at
As at
As at
As at
B. Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
Non Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares
499.35
493.05
499.35
493.05
Level 3
Loan to Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited
(Refer Note-2 below)
-
Level 3
C. Amortised Cost
Loans to employees
2,373.56
2,055.19
2,409.31
1,963.11
Level 2
PMUY Loan
(Refer point 1 of Note-49 for more details)
305.45
356.45
317.40
359.87
Level 3
Financial Liabilities
A. Amortised Cost
Non-Convertible Debentures
16,996.93
16,913.38
17,598.45
17,461.31
Level 2
Loan from Odisha Government
2,780.19
2,351.95
3,027.71
2,456.80
Level 2
B. Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
Derivative Instruments at fair value through profit or loss
180.65
360.83
180.65
360.83
Level 2
C. Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
(FVTOCI)
Hedging Derivatives
33.07
0.25
33.07
0.25
Level 2
Commodity forward contracts- Margin Hedging
0.46
-
0.46
-
Level 2
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 39: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)

Level 2 Hierarchy

Derivative Instruments at FVTPL: Replacement cost quoted by institutions for similar instruments by employing use of

Hedging Derivatives at FVTOCI: Replacement cost quoted by institutions for similar instruments by employing use of

(iii) Loans to employees: Discounting future cash flows using rates currently available for items on similar terms, credit risk
and remaining maturities, adjusted for insignificant unobservable inputs specific to such loan like principal and interest
repayments are such that employee get more flexibility in repayment as per the respective loan schemes.

(iv) Non-Convertible Debentures & Loan from Odisha Government: Discounting future cash flows using rates currently
available for items on similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities (Excluding floating rate borrowings).

Level 3 Hierarchy

Unquoted Equity Instruments: Fair values of the unquoted equity instruments have been estimated using Market
Approach or Income Approach of valuation techniques with the help of external valuer. Valuation as per Market Approach
technique is determined by comparing the Company s accounting ratios with another Company s of the same nature
and size which are considered to be significant to valuation, such as earnings, cash flow, book value, or sales of various
business of the same nature. Valuation as per Income Approach technique is determined by discounting future cash
flows to present value using a discount rate. These valuation requires management to use unobservable inputs in the
model, of which the significant unobservable inputs are disclosed in the tables below.

Non Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares: Fair value of Preference shares is estimated with the help of external
valuer by discounting future cash flows. The valuation requires management to use unobservable inputs in the model,
of which the significant unobservable inputs are disclosed in the tables below. Management regularly assesses a
range of reasonably possible alternatives for those significant unobservable inputs and determines their impact on the
total fair value.

(iii) PMUY Loan: Fair value of PMUY loans is estimated by discounting future cash flows using approximate interest rates
applicable on loans given by Banks duly adjusted for significant use of unobservable inputs in estimating the cash flows
comprising of specific qualitative and quantitative factors like consumption pattern, assumption of subsidy rate etc.

The significant unobservable inputs used in fair value assessment categorised within Level 3 of the Fair Value Hierarchy
together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are shown below:
Description
Valuation
Significant
Input
Range
Input to Fair Value
Unquoted Equity
Instruments - Equity
Shares of Haldia
(Refer Note-4 for Carrying
Value)
Market
Approach
Revenue
Multiple
31.03.25:
0.18x - 0.58x
(0.38x)
31.03.25: H96.9 crore/ H(96.9) crore
EBITDA
Multiple
31.03.24: 7.6x
- 8.0x (7.8x)
0.1x increase/(decrease) in EBITDA
31.03.24: H5.4 crore/ H(5.5) crore
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Description
Valuation
Significant
Input
Range
Input to Fair Value
Non Convertible
Redeemable Preference
Shares - Chennai
Petroleum Corporation
Income
Approach -
Present Value
Measurement
Discount
Rate
31.03.25:
6.54% - 7.54%
(7.04%)
31.03.24:
6.71% - 8.71%
(7.71%)
0.5% increase/(decrease) in Discount
Rate would result in (decrease)/
increase in fair value by:
31.03.25: H(1.0) crore/ H1.5 crore
31.03.24: H(3.4) crore/ H3.3 crore
III Unquoted Equity
Instruments - Share
Warrants of IndianOil LNG
(Refer Note-4 for Carrying
Value)
Income
Approach -
Present Value
Measurement
Discount
Rate
31.03.25:
14.3% - 18.3%
(16.3%)
31.03.24:
14.6% - 18.6%
(16.6%)
would result in (decrease)/increase in
fair value by:
31.03.25: H(205.2) crore/ H219.9 crore
31.03.24: H(216.2) crore/ H234.6 crore
NOTE - 39: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)

Unquoted Equity Instruments carried at FVTOCI includes following investments for which sensitivity disclosure is not disclosed:
Particulars
Carrying Value
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
15.48
13.36
0.77
International Cooperative Petroleum Association, New York
0.02
Description
FVTOCI Assets
FVTPL Assets
Unquoted Equity
Instruments
Non Convertible
Redeemable
Preference Shares
Loan to Suntera
Nigeria 205 Limited
Balance as at March 31 2024
4,494.29
493.05
-
Fair Value Changes
779.94
6.30
-
Balance as at March 31 2025
5,274.23
499.35
-

Reconciliation of fair value measurement of Assets and Liabilities under Level 3 hierarchy of Fair Value measurement:
Disclosures relating to recognition of differences between the fair value at initial recognition and the transaction price

In the following cases, the Company has not recognised gains/losses in profit or loss on initial recognition of financial assets/
financial liability, instead, such gains/losses are deferred and recognised as per the accounting policy mentioned below.

Financial Assets

1.
Loan to Employees

As per the terms of service, the Company has given long term loan to its employees at concessional interest rate. Transaction
price is not fair value because loans are not extended at market rates applicable to employees. Since implied benefit is
on the basis of the services rendered by the employee, IT is deferred and recognised as employee benefit expense over
the loan period.

2.
PMUY loan

The PMUY loan is the interest free loan given to PMUY beneficiaries towards cost of burner and 1st refill. The loan is interest
free and therefore transaction price is not at fair value. The difference between fair value and transaction price is accumulated
in Deferred expenses and amortised over the loan period on straight line basis in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 39: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)

Financial Liabilities

1.
Security Deposits

In case certain deposits payable to deceased employees under one of the superannuation benefit scheme (R2 option) and
security deposits received in relation to some revenue expenses contracts, transaction price is not considered as fair value
because deposits are interest free. The difference between fair value and transaction price is accumulated in Deferred income
and amortised over the tenure of security deposit on straight line basis in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Reconciliation of deferred gains/losses yet to be recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss are as under:
Particulars
Opening
Balance
Addition
During the Year
Amortised
During the Year
Adjusted
During the Year
Closing
Balance
Deferred Expenses (Refer Note 8)

977.04
194.62
76.42
1,095.24

PMUY Loan
204.45
27.19
2.64
174.62
Deferred Income

Security Deposits
1.85
-
0.56
(0.73)
2.02
Deferred Expenses (Refer Note 8)

830.12
225.52
78.60
-
977.04

PMUY Loan
236.24
-
30.26
1.53
204.45
Deferred Income

Security Deposits
3.08
0.05
1.28
-
1.85
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS
Financial Risk Factors
The Company s principal financial liabilities, other than derivatives, comprise Borrowings, trade and other payables, security deposits,
employee liabilities and lease obligation. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company s operations and
to provide guarantees to support its operations. The Company s principal financial assets include loans & advances, trade and other
receivables, short-term deposits and cash / cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations. The Company also holds FVTOCI
investments and enters into derivative transactions.
The Company is exposed to a number of different financial risks arising from natural business exposures as well as its use of financial
instruments including market risk relating to interest rate, commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and equity price, credit
risk and liquidity risk.
The Risk Management Commitee comprised of senior management oversees the management of these risks. The Company s senior
management is supported by a Risk Management Compliance Board that advises on financial risks and the appropriate financial risk
governance framework for the Company. The Risk Management Committee provides assurance to the Board that the Company s risks
are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance with the
Company s policies, risk objectives and risk appetite.
The Company's requirement of crude oil are managed through integrated function handled through its international trade and
optimization department. All derivative activities for risk management purposes are carried out by specialist teams that have the
appropriate skills, experience and supervision. As per the Company s policy, derivatives contracts are taken only to hedge the various
risks that the Company is exposed to and not for speculation purpose.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
The Board of Directors oversee the risk management activities for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below:
Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices. The major components of market risk are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, commodity price risk and other price
risk viz. equity shares etc. Financial instruments affected by market risk include Borrowings, Deposits, FVTOCI investments and
derivative financial instruments.

The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.

The analysis excludes the impact of movements in market variables on the carrying values of gratuity and other post-retirement
obligations, provisions, and other non-financial assets and liabilities of foreign operations.

1.
Interest Rate Risk

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect future cash flows
of a financial instrument, principally financial debt. The Company s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates
relates primarily to the Company s long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

The Company manages to maintain a mix between fixed and floating rates for rupee and foreign currency loans, based on
liquidity, availability of cost effective instruments and considering the market/ regulatory constraints etc. The Company
also use interest rate swap contracts for managing the interest rate risk of floating interest rate debt. As at March 31, 2025
approximately 37% of the Company s borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest (March 31, 2024: 39%).

Pursuant to phasing out of USD LIBOR benchmark, the last date of its publication was 30th June 2023. Meanwhile, the
Company has completed the transition exercise of the existing USD LIBOR linked instruments to alternate benchmark.

The sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans and borrowings affected, with all
other variables held constant, on floating rate borrowings is as follows:
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Currency of Borrowings
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
INR
+50
(61.58)
+50
(48.94)
USD
+50
(361.07)
+50
(308.86)
INR
-50
61.58
-50
48.94
USD
-50
361.07
-50
308.86

2.
Foreign Currency Risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in
foreign exchange rates. The Company s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the
Company s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency) and Borrowings.

The Company manages its foreign currency risk through combination of natural hedge, mandatory hedging and hedging
undertaken on occurence of pre-determined triggers. The hedging is mostly undertaken through forward contracts.

The Company has outstanding forward contract of H 2,634.68 crore as at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: H 1,810.72 crore)
which has been undertaken to hedge its exposure to borrowings and other financial liabilities.

The sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in USD/INR exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, the impact
on the Company s profit before tax is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities including non-
designated foreign currency derivatives. The Company s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies other
than below is not material.
Currency
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Forward Contract - USD
+5%
131.73
+5%
90.54
-5%
(131.73)
-5%
(90.54)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Currency
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Other Exposures - USD
+5%
(5,725.19)
+5%
(5,080.60)
-5%
5,725.19
-5%
5,080.60
Cross Currency - USD vs. INR
+5%
(326.11)
+5%
(333.18)
-5%
326.11
-5%
333.18
Particulars
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Margin Hedging
+10%
(5.25)
+10%
(3.55)
-10%
5.25
-10%
3.55

The effects of most exchange rate fluctuations are absorbed in business operating results which are offset by changing cost
competitiveness, lags in market adjustments to movements in rates to its other non-financial assets like inventory etc. For
this reason, the total effect of exchange rate fluctuations is not identifiable separately in the Company's reported results.

3.
Commodity Price Risk

The Company is exposed to various commodity price related risk such as Refinery Margins i.e. Differential between the
prices of petroleum products & crude oil, Crude Oil Price fluctuation on accounts of inventory valuation fluctuation and crude
oil imports, etc. As per approved risk management policy, the Company can undertake refinery margin hedging, inventory
hedging and crude oil price hedging through swaps, options and futures in the OTC market as well as domestic exchanges
to mitigate the risk within the approved limits.

The Company's exposure of various inventories as at the end of the financial year is provided below:
In MMT
Inventory
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
-
Raw Materials
6.870
8.472
-
Stock in Process
1.586
1.838
-
Finished Products
5.875
5.628
-
Stock in Trade
1.906
1.661
Quantity (in Lakh bbls)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Margin Hedging Forward contracts
3.75
2.25

Due to variation in prices, the Company incurred total inventory loss of H2,219.80 crore during the current year (2024: gain of
H1,686.10 crore).

Category-wise quantitative data about commodity derivative transactions that are outstanding as at the end of the financial
year is given below:

The sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in Crude benchmark price difference/ refinery margin on the outstanding
commodity hedging position as on March 31, 2025:

4.
Equity Price Risk

The Company s investment in listed and non-listed equity securities, other than its investments in Joint Ventures/ Associates
and Subsidiaries, are susceptible to market price risk arising from uncertainties about future values of the investment securities.

At the reporting date, the exposure to unlisted equity securities at fair value was H5,274.23 crore. Sensitivity analysis of these
investments have been provided in Note 39.

The exposure to listed equity securities valued at fair value was H30,408.71 crore. An increase/ decrease of 5% in the share
price could have an impact of approximately H1,520.44 crore on the OCI and equity attributable to the Company. These
changes would not have an effect on profit or loss.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

5.
Derivatives and Hedging

Classification of derivatives

The Company is exposed to certain market risks relating to its ongoing business operations as explained above.

Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. However, where derivatives
do not meet the hedge accounting criteria, they are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss. Information about
the derivatives used by the Company and outstanding as at the end of the financial year is provided below:
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Other
Financial
Assets
Other
Financial
Liabilities
Other
Financial
Assets
Other
Financial
Liabilities
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
Foreign Exchange currency swap
-
180.65
-
360.83
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments
-
33.07
-
0.25
Commodity Forward Contracts - Margin Hedging
0.62
0.46
2.98
-

Hedging activities

The primary risks managed using derivative instruments are commodity price risk, foreign currency risk and
interest rate risk.

Commodity Price Risk

IndianOil buys crude and sells petroleum products linked to international benchmark prices and these benchmark
prices do not move in tandem. This exposes IndianOil to the risk of variation in refining margins which is managed by
margin hedging.

The risk of fall in refining margins of petroleum products in highly probable forecast sale transactions is hedged by
undertaking crack spread forward contracts. The Company wants to protect the realization of margins and therefore to
mitigate this risk, the Company is taking these forward contracts to hedge the margin on highly probable forecast sale
in future. Risk management activities are undertaken in OTC market i.e. these are the bilateral contracts with registered

Foreign Currency Risk

The Company is exposed to various foreign currency risks as explained in A.2 above. As per Company's Foreign
Currency & Interest Rate Risk Management Policy, the Company is required to fully hedge the short term foreign
currency loans (other than revolving lines and PCFC loans) and at least 50% of the long term foreign currency loans
based on market conditions.

Apart from mandatory hedging of loans, the Company also undertakes foreign currency forward contracts for the
management of currency purchase for repayment of crude/ product liabilities based on market conditions and
requirements. The above hedgings are undertaken through delivery based forward contracts.

Interest Rate Risk

The Company is exposed to interest rate risks on floating rate borrowings as explained in A.1 above. Company hedges
interest rate risk by taking interest rate swaps as per Company's Interest Rate Risk Management Policy based on
market conditions. The Company uses interest rate derivatives to hedge exposure to interest payments for floating rate
borrowings denominated in foreign currencies.

SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

Hedge Effectiveness

There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the foreign
exchange and commodity forward contracts match the terms of hedge items. The Company has established a hedge
ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risk of the foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity
forward contracts are identical to the hedged risk components. To test the hedge effectiveness, the Company
compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items
attributable to the hedged risks. In case of interest rate swaps, as the critical terms of the interest rate swap contracts
and their corresponding hedged items are similar, the Company performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness and
IT is expected that the value of the interest rate swap contracts and the value of the corresponding hedged items will
systematically change in opposite direction in response to movements in the underlying interest rates.

Source of Hedge ineffectiveness

In case of commodity price risk, the Company has identified the following sources of ineffectiveness, which are not
expected to be material:

N
Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the hedged items and the hedging instruments

N
Different indexes linked to the hedged risk of the hedged items and hedging instruments

N
The counterparties credit risk differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instruments
and hedged items

N
Changes to the forecasted amount of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments

In case of foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, the main source of hedge ineffectiveness is the effect of the
counterparty and the Company s own credit risk on the fair value of hedge contracts, which is not reflected in the fair
value of the hedged items. The effect of this is not expected to be material.

Disclosures of effects of Cash Flow Hedge Accounting

Hedging instruments

The Company is holding the following hedging instruments:
As at March 31, 2025
Maturity
Less than
More than
12. Months
Total
Nominal amount
-
859.56
-
1775.12
-
2634.68
Average forward rate (H)
-
85.96
-
88.76
-
Commodity forward contracts- Margin Hedging
-
1.25
2.50
3.75
Nominal amount
-
17.75
34.92
52.67
-
16.62
16.34
-
As at March 31, 2024
Maturity
Less than
More than
12. Months
Total
Nominal amount
-
1,670.24
-
1,670.24
Average forward rate (H)
-
83.51
-
Product Liabilities
Nominal amount
140.48
-
140.48
Average forward rate (H)
83.35
-
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2024
Maturity
Less than
More than
12. Months
Total
Commodity forward contracts- Margin
Hedging
-
0.50
0.75
1.00
-
2.25
Nominal amount
-
8.55
12.82
17.10
-
38.47
-
20.50
-
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

The impact of the hedging instruments on the Balance Sheet is as under:
Particulars
Foreign exchange
Loans
Foreign exchange
Crude/ Product
Liablities
Interest Rate Swaps
Commodity forward
contracts- Margin
Hedging
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
Nominal amount
2634.68
1670.24
-
140.48
-
52.67
38.47
Carrying amount
(33.07)
(0.25)
-
0.15
2.98
Line item in the Balance
Sheet that includes
Hedging Instruments
Other Current Financial Assets / (Other Current Financial Liabilities)
Change in fair value
used for measuring
ineffectiveness for the
period - Gain (Loss)
(33.07)
(0.25)
-
60.40
18.75
80.86
Particulars
Foreign exchange
Loans
Foreign exchange
Crude/ Product
Liablities
Interest Rate Swaps
Commodity forward
contracts- Margin
Hedging
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
Balance in Cash flow
hedge reserve as at
the end of the year for
continuing hedges (net
of tax)
-
0.10
2.22
Change in value of
the hedged items
used for measuring
ineffectiveness for the
period
33.07
0.25
-
(60.40)
(18.75)
(80.86)

Hedge Items

The impact of the Hedged Items on the Balance Sheet is as follows:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Particulars
Foreign exchange
Loans
Foreign exchange
Crude/ Product
Liablities
Interest Rate Swaps
Commodity forward
contracts- Margin
Hedging
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
Cash flow Hedge
Reserve at the beginning
-
41.14
2.22
97.53
Total hedging gain/
(loss) recognised in OCI
(14.63)
(34.50)
2.74
1.37
-
6.05
15.76
(50.11)
3.68
8.68
(0.69)
(0.34)
-
(1.52)
(3.97)
12.61
Ineffectiveness
recognised in profit or
loss
-
Line item in the
statement of profit
or loss that includes
the recognised
ineffectiveness
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Amount reclassified
from OCI to profit or
loss
(14.63)
(34.50)
2.74
1.37
-
60.40
18.59
77.88
3.68
8.68
(0.69)
(0.34)
-
(14.73)
(4.68)
(20.07)
Cash flow Hedge
Reserve at the end of
-
0.10
2.22
Line item in the
statement of profit
or loss that includes
the reclassification
adjustments
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Finance
Cost
Finance
Cost
Revenue
Operations
Revenue
Operations

The effect of the cash flow hedge in the Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income is as follows:
Credit risk

Trade Receivables

Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Company s established policy, procedures and control relating
to customer credit risk management. Credit quality of a customer is assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard and
individual credit limits are defined in accordance with this assessment. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored
and any shipments to major customers are generally covered by Letters of Credit, Bank Guarantees or other forms of credit
insurance, wherever required.

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number
of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. The Company applies
Simplified approach for providing the expected credit losses on Trade Receivables as per the accounting policy of the Company.
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets disclosed in Note
10. The Company evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are located in
several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets.
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Less than
Above 6
Above 1
Above 2
Total
Year ended March 31, 2025
Gross Carrying amount
33.89
11,356.73
5,034.24
543.32
742.16
146.04
391.30
18,247.68
0.36%
0.34%
2.82%
2.83%
4.04%
2.26%
3.79%
(0.12)
(38.23)
(142.14)
(15.23)
(29.59)
(3.11)
(8.33)
(236.75)
Specific Provision
(0.65)
(1.86)
(2.25)
(4.37)
(8.83)
(8.63)
(171.33)
(197.92)
Carrying amount
33.12
11,316.64
4,889.85
523.72
703.74
134.30
211.64
17,813.01
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Less than
Above 6
Above 1
Above 2
Total
Year ended March 31, 2024
Gross Carrying amount
35.10
8,554.71
3,475.10
267.07
224.50
201.06
358.04
13,115.58
0.43%
0.41%
2.17%
2.29%
1.57%
4.73%
(0.15)
(35.29)
(75.28)
(4.59)
(5.12)
(3.14)
(10.04)
(133.61)
Specific Provision
-
(55.56)
(0.50)
(0.51)
(145.99)
(202.56)
Carrying amount
34.95
8,519.42
3,399.82
206.92
218.88
197.41
202.01
12,779.41
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

Other Financial instruments and cash deposits

The Company s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the Balance Sheet at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024
is the carrying amounts as provided in Note 4, 5, 6, 11 & 12. The Company applies General approach for providing the expected
credit losses on these items as per the accounting policy of the Company.

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company s treasury department in accordance
with the Company s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits
assigned to each counterparty. Counterparty credit limits are approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The limits are set to
minimise the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty s potential failure to make payments.

The Company has given loans to PMUY (Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana) customers which are shown under Loans in Note-5.
PMUY loans are given to provide clean cooking fuel to BPL families as per GOI scheme wherein free LPG connections are issued by
Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) to the women belonging to the Below Poverty Line (BPL) households. As per the scheme, OMCs
are providing an option for interest free loan towards cost of burner and 1st refill to PMUY consumers which is to be recovered from
the subsidy amount payable to customer when such customers book refill.

In case of certain PMUY loans, the Company has determined that there is significant increase in the credit risk. The Company
considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of the loan and whether there has been a significant increase in credit
risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. IT considers past experience and time elapsed since the last refill for
determining probability of default on collective basis. The Company has categorised the PMUY loans wherein credit risk has increased
significantly under various categories considering the likelihood of default based on time gap since last refill. ECL is provided @70%
(2024: @70%) in case of time gap since last refill is more than 6 months but not exceeding 12 months, @ 80% (2024: @ 80%) in case
of time gap since last refill is more than 12 months but not exceeding 18 months, @ 90% (2024: @ 90%) in case of time gap is more
than 18 months but not exceeding 24 months and @ 100% (2024: @100%) for those consumers who have not taken any refill more
than 24 months. ECL is provided for the loans where the refill is taken within last 6 months (2024: 6 months) based on experience ratio
of more than 6 months (2024: 6 months) as above. The PMUY loans are classified as credit impaired as on reporting date considering
significant financial difficulty in case the customer has not taken any refill from past 24 months (2024: 24 months).

In case of other financial assets, there are certain credit impaired cases mainly due to breach of contract arising due to default or
bankruptcy proceedings.

The movement in the loss allowance for impairment of financial assets at amortised cost during the year was as follows:
Opening
Balance
A
ECL created
B
ECL write
Back
Reclassifications
Closing
Balance
(A+B+C+D)
Trade Receivables
133.60
103.40
(0.25)
-
236.75
Specific Provision
202.57
54.94
(58.68)
(0.90)
197.93
Total
336.17
158.34
(58.93)
(0.90)
434.68
Loans
12. Months ECL
274.61
-
(12.14)
-
262.47
190.02
-
(25.20)
-
164.82
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
974.99
104.92
(0.15)
-
1,079.76
Total
1,439.62
104.92
(37.49)
-
1,507.05
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Opening
Balance
A
ECL created
B
ECL write
Back
Reclassifications
Closing
Balance
(A+B+C+D)
Security Deposits
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
1.39
-
(0.02)
-
1.37
Total
1.39
-
(0.02)
-
1.37
Other Financial assets
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
253.23
15.05
(20.61)
(41.57)
206.09
Total
253.23
15.05
(20.61)
(41.57)
206.09
Opening
Balance
A
ECL created
B
ECL write
Back
Reclass-ifications
Closing
Balance
(A+B+C+D)
Trade Receivables
Expected Credit Loss
304.84
7.28
(178.52)
-
133.60
Specific Provision
198.10
10.23
(2.86)
(2.90)
202.57
Total
502.94
17.51
(181.38)
(2.90)
336.17
Loans
12. Months ECL
241.53
33.08
-
274.61
108.75
81.27
-
190.02
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
696.21
278.74
(0.02)
0.06
974.99
Total
1,046.49
393.09
(0.02)
0.06
1,439.62
Security Deposits
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
1.36
0.03
-
1.39
Total
1.36
0.03
-
1.39
Other Financial assets
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
211.42
51.39
(9.14)
(0.44)
253.23
Total
211.42
51.39
(9.14)
(0.44)
253.23
Liquidity risk

The Company monitors its risk of shortage of funds using a liquidity planning tool. The Company seeks to manage its liquidity
requirement by maintaining access to both short term and long term debt markets. In addition, Company has committed credit
facilities from banks.

The Company s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts,
commercial papers, bank loans, debentures, and leases. The Company assessed the concentration of risk with respect to
refinancing its debt and concluded IT to be low. The Company has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
On
demand
Less than
3 months
3 to 12
1 to 5 years
> 5 years
Total
Year ended March 31, 2025
Borrowings
4,644.38
40,780.37
37,511.75
46,249.09
5,279.95
1,34,465.54
Lease Obligations
-
1,291.23
1,838.96
3,017.92
3,754.15
9,902.26
Trade payables
8,474.41
43,893.61
-
52,368.02
38,573.07
17,009.87
1,232.38
197.87
1.56
57,014.75
Financial guarantee contracts*
5,162.55
-
5,162.55
Derivatives
-
214.18
-
214.18
56,854.41
1,03,189.26
40,583.09
49,464.88
9,035.66
2,59,127.30
Year ended March 31, 2024
Borrowings
7,565.09
22,410.62
45,152.50
32,766.16
8,601.37
1,16,495.74
Lease Obligations
-
1,290.85
1,551.98
3,306.77
3,221.34
9,370.94
Trade payables
8,959.72
42,541.24
-
51,500.96
38,072.52
15,429.56
1,764.48
224.63
8.48
55,499.67
Financial guarantee contracts*
4,762.47
-
4,762.47
Derivatives
-
361.08
-
361.08
59,359.80
82,033.35
48,468.96
36,297.56
11,831.19
2,37,990.86

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company s financial liabilities based on contractual payments.
NOTE - 40: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

* Based on the maximum amount that can be called for under the financial guarantee contract.
Excessive risk concentration

Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same
geographical region, or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly
affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Company s
performance to developments affecting a particular industry.

In order to avoid excessive concentrations of risk, the Company s policies and procedures include specific guidelines to focus on
the maintenance of a diversified portfolio. Identified concentrations of credit risks are controlled and managed accordingly.
Collateral

As Company has been rated investment grade by various domestic and international rating agencies, there has been no
requirement of submitting any collateral for booking of derivative contracts. Company undertakes derivatives contract only with
those counterparties that have credit rating above the internally approved threshold rating. Accordingly, Company does not seek
any collaterals from its counterparties.
NOTE-41: CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The primary objective of the Company s capital management is to maximise the shareholder value. Capital includes issued equity
capital, share premium and all other equity reserves, attributable to the equity shareholders, for the purpose of the Company s
capital management.
The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and requirements. The
Company determines the capital requirement based on annual operating plans and long-term and other strategic investment plans. The
Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares to maintain or adjust
the capital structure. The Company monitors capital using debt equity ratio, which is borrowings divided by Equity. The Company s
endeavour is to keep the debt equity ratio under 1:1.
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Borrowings
1,34,465.54
1,16,495.74
Equity Share Capital
13,771.56
Reserves and Surplus
1,64,905.30
1,62,943.42
Equity
1,78,676.86
1,76,714.98
Debt Equity Ratio
0.75 : 1
0.66 : 1
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the financial year ended March 31, 2025
and March 31, 2024.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Amount remianing unpaid at the year end
-
Principal *
2,256.51
2,296.30
-
Interest on above Principal
-
Payments made during the year after the due date
-
Principal
-
Interest
-
Interest due and payable for principals already paid
-
Total Interest accrued and remained unpaid at year end
-
Further Interest remaining due and payable in succeeding year
-
NOTE-42: DISCLOSURES AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION 34(3) OF SEBI(LODR) REGULATIONS, 2015
Particulars
Amount as at
Maximum Amount outstanding
during the year ended
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Loans and Advances in the nature of loans:
A). To Subsidiary Companies
(i) Mercator Petroleum Limited
151.92
-
151.92
-
B). To Associates /Joint Venture
(i) Petronet V. K. Limited
112.55
(ii) Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited.
A
183.28
178.85
183.28
178.85
(iii) IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited
10.00
15.00
C) To Firms/Companies in which directors are interested
-
II. Investment by the loanee (as detailed above) in the
shares of IOC and its subsidiaries
-
A
As per the applicable provisions of Indian Accounting Standards, the loan given to Suntera Nigeria 205 Ltd. is measured at fair
value through the Statement of Profit and Loss in the financial statements and fair value of the loan is Nil as at March 31, 2025
(2024: Nil). Refer Note -39 for further details regarding fair valuation.
NOTE-43: DUES TO MICRO AND SMALL ENTERPRISES
The dues to Micro and Small Enterprises as required under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 to the
extent information available with the Company is given below:
*Amount of H 844.35 crore (2024: H 885.78 crore) included in Note 17: Other Financial Liabilities.
NOTE - 44 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS
Research and Development Expenses of H 502.40 crore (2024: H 606.00 crore) have been accounted as capital expenditure and H 310.01
crore (2024 : H 340.14 crore) have been accounted for in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the year. Detailed break up of total
expenditure are as under:
Capital Expenses (Property, Plant and Equipment)
Asset Block
Gross
Block as
at April
1, 2024
Additions
Transferred
from CWIP
Transfer/
Deduction/
Disposal
Gross Block
31, 2025
Work-in-
Progress
1, 2024
Additions
Transferred
to Fixed
Assets
(Capitalised)
Work-in-
Progress as
Total Capital
Expenditure
7 = (3+4+5-6)
11 = (8+9-10)
12=(4+5+11-8)
Property, Plant and
Equipment
Land - Free Hold
373.43
-
373.43
-
Building, Roads etc
114.41
0.37
8.76
0.81
122.73
784.98
337.00
9.00
1,112.98
337.13
Plant & Equipment
1,188.44
49.76
84.79
67.80
1,255.19
176.47
129.24
127.63
178.08
136.16
Office Equipment
62.18
6.01
7.31
3.68
71.82
-
13.32
Transport Equipment
0.16
9.02
-
-47.63
56.81
-
9.02
Furniture & Fixtures
20.21
2.27
0.59
0.65
22.42
-
2.86
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Asset Block
Gross
Block as
at April
1, 2024
Additions
Transferred
from CWIP
Transfer/
Deduction/
Disposal
Gross Block
31, 2025
Work-in-
Progress
1, 2024
Additions
Transferred
to Fixed
Assets
(Capitalised)
Work-in-
Progress as
Total Capital
Expenditure
7 = (3+4+5-6)
11 = (8+9-10)
12=(4+5+11-8)
Drainage & Sewage
1.42
-
1.42
-
ROU Asset
1.12
-
1.12
-
Sub Total
1,761.37
67.43
101.45
25.31
1,904.94
961.45
466.24
136.63
1,291.06
498.49
Intangible Assets
Licenses / Technical
Know-how
13.70
1.08
-
0.24
14.54
-
1.08
Computer Software
48.31
0.01
-
2.88
45.44
2.83
2.82
-
5.65
2.83
Sub Total
62.01
1.09
-
3.12
59.98
2.83
2.82
-
5.65
3.91
Total
1,823.38
68.52
101.45
28.43
1,964.92
964.28
469.06
136.63
1,296.71
502.40
Asset Block
Gross
Block as
at April
1, 2023
Additions
Transferred
from CWIP
Transfer/
Deduction/
Disposal
Gross Block
31, 2024
Work-in-
Progress
1, 2023
Additions
Transferred
to Fixed
Assets
(Capitalized)
Work-in-
Progress as
Total Capital
Expenditure
7 = (3+4+5-6)
11 = (8+9-10)
12=(4+5+11-8)
Property, Plant and
Equipment
Land - Free Hold
373.43
-
373.43
-
Building, Roads etc
113.65
0.41
1.33
0.98
114.41
405.30
397.68
18.00
784.98
381.42
Plant & Equipment
1,087.13
52.93
74.35
25.97
1,188.44
93.76
211.55
128.84
176.47
209.99
Office Equipment
54.63
9.40
1.15
3.00
62.18
-
10.55
Transport Equipment
0.14
0.03
-
0.01
0.16
-
0.03
Furniture & Fixtures
19.85
0.84
-
0.48
20.21
-
0.84
Drainage & Sewage
1.42
-
1.42
-
ROU Asset
0.81
0.31
-
1.12
-
0.31
Sub Total
1,651.06
63.92
76.83
30.44
1,761.37
499.06
609.23
146.84
961.45
603.14
Intangible Assets
Licenses / Technical
Know-how
0.11
-
13.59
-
13.70
-
13.59
Computer Software
45.48
2.85
-
0.02
48.31
16.41
0.01
13.59
2.83
-10.73
Sub Total
45.59
2.85
13.59
0.02
62.01
16.41
0.01
13.59
2.83
2.86
Total
1,696.65
66.77
90.42
30.46
1,823.38
515.47
609.24
160.43
964.28
606.00
NOTE - 44 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS (Contd..)
Recurring Expenses
Particulars
Consumption of Stores, Spares & Consumables
20.59
19.42
Repairs & Maintenance

(a) Plant & Machinery
16.68
16.77

(b) Building
8.36
9.92

(c) Others
3.81
3.38
Freight, Transportation Charges & demurrage
0.75
0.24
Payment to and Provisions for employees
175.24
196.11
Office Administration, Selling and Other Expenses
84.50
94.26
Interest
0.08
0.04
Total
310.01
340.14
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 44 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS (Contd..)
Particulars
Capital Expenditure
502.40
606.00
Recurring Expenditure
310.01
340.14
Total
812.41
946.14
Particulars
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year (2% of Avg Net
Profit as per Section 135(5))
574.46
428.90
Surplus arising out of CSR Project
-
Set Off Available from Previous Years
35.29
6.48
Total CSR Obligation for the year
539.17
422.42
Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
641.25
462.11
Amount Spent during the Year
583.04
457.71
Set Off available for succeeding years
43.87
35.29
Amount Unspent during the year
-
C. Total Research Expenses
NOTE-45: DISCLOSURE RELATING TO CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITURE
(a) The disclosure in respect of CSR Expenditure is as under:
(b) Amount spent during the year on:
Particulars
In cash
Yet to be paid
In cash**
Total
In cash
Yet to be paid
In cash**
Total
(i) Construction/acquisition of any assets
-
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above
Health and Sanitation
253.53
84.13
337.66
193.50
16.40
209.90
Contribution towards PMUY
-
16.50
-
16.50
Flagship Projects-CSR
21.63
2.56
24.19
21.50
1.95
23.45
Educational Scholarship
2.77
0.39
3.16
2.64
0.25
2.89
Swachh Bharat
15.78
-
15.78
16.87
0.53
17.40
Education/employment vocational skills
67.64
5.42
73.06
39.39
4.31
43.70
Drinking Water
5.66
1.12
6.78
3.01
0.87
3.88
Promotion of National Heritage, Art and Culture
15.03
0.12
15.15
70.82
-
70.82
COVID 19
-
0.09
-
0.09
Administration Expenses, training etc.
27.76
-
27.76
21.79
-
21.79
Impact Assessment
0.16
-
0.16
0.23
-
0.23
Other expenses
66.54
12.80
79.34
41.90
5.16
47.06
Total Expenses (ii)
476.50
106.54
583.04
428.24
29.47
457.71
Grand Total (i) and (ii)
476.50
106.54
583.04
428.24
29.47
457.71

**Provisions made for liabilities incurred

The amount spent during the year includes H 7.28 crore (2024: H 60.00 crore) towards related party transaction with Indian Oil
Foundation in relation to CSR expenditure.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-46: DISCLOSURE ON GOVERNMENT GRANTS
Revenue Grants
Subsidies on sales of SKO (PDS) and LPG (Domestic)

Subsidies on sales of SKO (PDS) in India amounting to H 33.03 crore (2024: H 93.80 crore) and subsidies on sales of LPG
(Domestic) to customers in Bhutan amounting to H 15.39 crore (2024: H 5.80 crore) have been reckoned as per the schemes
notified by Governments.
Export of Notified Goods under MEIS Claims/RoDTEP/Duty Drawback scheme

The Company has recognised H 31.01 crore (2024: H 37.62 crore) on export of notified goods under Merchandise Exports from
India Scheme (MEIS)/ Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products (RoDTEP)/Duty Drawback scheme in the Statement
of Profit and Loss as Revenue Grant.
Stipend to apprentices under NATS/NAPS scheme

As per Ministry of HRD & Skill development and Enterpreneurship, a portion of stipend and basic training cost for apprentices will
be reimbursed to employer by Government under National Apprenticeship Training Scheme (NATS) and National Apprenticeship
Promotion Scheme (NAPS), subject to prescribed threshold limit. The Company has recognised grant in respect of stipend paid to
apprentices & Basic training cost under NATS & NAPS amounting to H 0.31 crore (2024: H 7.93 crore) as Revenue Grant.
Grant in respect of revenue expenditure for research projects

During the year, the Company has received revenue grant of NIL (2024: H 0.47 crore) in respect of meeting out revenue expenditure
such as Manpower, Consumables, Travel & Contingency etc for research projects undertaken with various agencies.
Incentive on sale of power

The Company is getting incentive from Department of Renewable Energy, GOI for wind power generation of Electricity at the
rate of H 0.50 paise for per unit of power generated. The Company has received grant of H 0.01 crore during the current year
(2024: H 1.46 crore).
Excise duty benefit in North East

Excise duty exemption of 50% of goods manufactured and cleared from north east refineries has been reckoned at full value
in revenue and on net basis in expenses under 'Excise Duty' (to the extent of duty paid). Financial impact for the current year is
H 3,885.58 crore (2024: H 3,816.73 crore).
Viability Gap Funding (VGF)

The Company has received grant in the form of interest free loans from Odisha Government for a period of 15 years.The
unamortized grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 3,100.61 crore (2024: H 2,901.21 crore). During the year, the Company has
recognised H 273.26 crore (2024: H 241.15 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of grants.
Post Export EPCG Grant

Post Export EPCG grants are received in respect of Import duties paid on procurement of capital goods under Post Export EPCG
Scheme of Central Govt. which allows refund of Basic custom duty in the form of duty scripts upon fulfilment of an export obligation.
During the year, the Company has recognized H 1.84 crore (2024: Nil) as Revenue Grant in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
Capital Grants
OIDB Government Grant for strengthening distribution of SKO (PDS)

The Company has received government grant from OIDB (Oil Industry Development Board) for strengthening distribution of PDS
Kerosene as per the directions of MoP&NG to be used in construction of 20KL underground Tank, Mechanical Dispensing Units
and Barrel Shed. The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 0.20 crore (2024: H 0.31 crore). During the year,
the Company has recognised H 0.11 crore (2024: H 0.15 crore) in Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of Excise duty, Custom duty and GST waiver

The Company has received grant in respect of Custom duty waiver on import on capital goods, Excise duty waiver and GST waiver
on purchase of goods from local manufacturer in India under the certificate issued by Department of Scientific and Industrial
Research (DSIR). The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 38.81 crore (2024: H 49.48 crore). The goods so
imported or procured from local manufacturer shall not be transferred or sold for a period of five years from date of installation.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-46: DISCLOSURE ON GOVERNMENT GRANTS (Contd..)
During the year, the Company has recognised H 10.67 crore (2024: H 11.92 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation
of capital grants. However, the scheme of GST concession on purchase of goods from local manufacturer under certificate issued
by DSIR has been discontinued from 18.07.2022 and accordingly no new grant has been recognised thereafter in this regard.
Capital Grant in respect of Research projects

The Company has received capital grant from various agencies in respect of procurement/ setting up of Capital assets for research
projects undertaken. The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 66.68 crore (2024: H 7.64 crore). During
the year, the Company has recognised H 32.67 crore (2024: H 1.75 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
Capital Grant in respect of Entry Tax Exemption from Odisha Govt.

Entry Tax exemption received from Odisha Government for Paradip Refinery Project has been recognized as Capital Grant and
grossed up with the concerned Assets.The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 84.22 crore (2024:
H 89.55 crore). During the year, the Company has recognised H 5.33 crore (2024: H 5.34 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss
as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of demonstration unit

Grant received from OIDB/CHT/USTDA for setting up units for Ethanol production from Refinery off gases/Ligncoellulosic Biomass
at Panipat Refinery. The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 308.93 crore (2024: H 305.42 crore). During
the year, the Company has recognised H 11.50 crore (2024: H 6.50 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
Capital Grant in respect of construction of units using Indigenous Technology

Grant received from OIDB for setting up of demonstration unit at Guwahati refinery with the Company's R&D developed IndaDeptG
technology . The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 53.85 crore (2024: H 57.57 crore). During the year,
the Company has recognised H 3.72 crore (2024: H 3.72 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of interest subsidy

The Company has received capital grant in respect of interest subsidy on loans taken from OIDB. The unamortized capital grant
amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 9.78 crore (2024: H 10.30 crore). During the year, the Company has recognised H 0.52 crore (2024:
H 0.52 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of Solar Power Generation

The Company has received capital financial assistance from Ministry of New and Renewable Energy in respect of procurement
and installation of Solar Panels for Power Generation.The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 3.19 crore
(2024: H 3.38 crore). During the year, the Company has recognised H 0.19 crore (2024: H 0.19 crore) in the Statement of Profit and
Loss as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant from Nepal Government

The Company has received grant from Nepal Government by way of waiver of Local taxes on goods/services procured locally in
Nepal and Import Duty for goods/services imported into Nepal. The Company has recognised H 1.48 crore (2024: H 1.14 crore) in
Statement of Profit & Loss. The unamortized balance is H 15.46 crore (2024: H 13.29 crore)
Capital Grant for establishing EV Charging Station (EVCS) at Retail Outlets

The Company had received grant from Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI) for establishing and upgradation/deployment of EV
Charging stations (EVCS) at ROs under Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric Vehicles (FAME) India Scheme Phase-II in
March 2023. Out of total sanctioned amount of H 389.27 crore, H 272.49 crore was received in advance and balance amount will
be received on commissioning of all EVCS. Since the work has not completed as on 31.03.2025, no amount is recognised in the
statement of Profit and loss during the year. The unamortized balance as at March 31, 2025 is H 389.17 crore (2024: H 389.28
crore). During the year, the Company has recognised H 0.11 crore (2024: Nil) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-47: REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
The Company is in the business of oil and gas and IT earns revenue primarily from sale of petroleum products, petrochemicals, Gas, E&P
and Others. Revenue is recognized when control of the goods and services is transferred to the customer.
Generally, Company enters into contract with customers:
On delivered basis in case of Retail Sales, LPG and Aviation.
On Ex-Marketing Installation as well as delivered basis in case of Lubes and Consumers.
On FOB or CIF basis depending on terms of contract in case of Export sales.
Majority of Company s sales are to retail category which are mostly on cash and carry basis. Company also execute supply to Institutional
Businesses(IB), Lubes, Aviation on credit which are for less than a year.
For maintaining uninterrupted supply of products, customers generally deposit amount in advance with the Company against which
orders for purchase of products are placed by the customers. Based on these orders, supply is maintained by the Company and
revenue is recognized when the goods are delivered to the customer by adjusting the advance from customers. Revenue in cases
of performance obligation related to delivered sales are recognized in time based on delivery of identified and actual goods and no
significant judgement is involved.
The Company also extends volume/slab based discounts to its customers on contract to contract basis for upliftment of products
and IT is adjusted in revenue as per the terms of the contract. Company also runs loyalty programmes and incentive schemes for its
retail and bulk customers. Loyalty points are generated and accumulated by the customers on doing transactions at Company's outlet
which can be redeemed subsequently for fuel purchases from Company outlets. Revenue is recognized net of these loyalty points and
incentive schemes.
Besides this, though not significant, the Company also undertakes construction contracts on deposit basis. Revenue is recognized for
these contracts overtime using input based on cost incurred. Similarly non-refundable deposits received from Retail Outlets (ROs) are
recognized as revenue over time on proportionate basis.
Bifurcation of Total Revenue into Revenue from contract with customers and other sources of revenue as per requirement
of Ind AS is given below:
Particulars
Total Revenue (A+D)
8,45,512.61
8,66,345.38
Revenue from contract with customers (A)
8,43,841.02
8,64,512.39

Recognized from contract liability balance of previous year (B)
2,452.38
3,052.58

Recognized from contracts initiated in current year (C)
8,41,388.64
8,61,459.81
Revenue from other contracts/from others (D)
1,671.59
1,832.99
Particulars
Receivables
Contract Asset
Contract Liability
Opening Balance
12,779.41
-
5,299.51
Closing Balance
17,813.00
-
5,495.22
An amount of H 158.34 crore (2024: H 15.31 crore) on account of impairment losses on receivables is recognised under the head
Impairment Loss on Financial Assets on the face of Statement of Profit and Loss.
The Company discloses information on reportable segment as per Ind AS 108 under Note 38 - Segmental Information. An amount of H
684.29 crore (2024: H 655.20 crore) is recognised over time under Revenue from contract with customers.
The Company has applied practical expedient as per IndAS 115 in case of delivered sales, advance from customers where the
performance obligation is part of the contract and the original expected duration is one year or less and in case of construction contracts/
deposit works wherein the Company has a right to consideration from customer that correspond directly with the value of the entity's
performance completed for the customer.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Numerator
Denominator
% Variance
Reason for Variance
Current Ratio (Times)*
Current Assets
Current Liabilities
0.67
0.69
(3%)
Debt Equity Ratio (Times)
Total Debt (i.e. Non-
Current Borrowings
+ Current
Borrowings)
Total Equity
0.75
0.66
14%
Debt Service Coverage
Ratio (Times)
Profit after Tax +
Finance Cost in P&L
+ Depreciation
Finance
Cost (P&L +
Capitalised) +
Lease & Principal
Repayments
(Long-term)
1.07
2.17
(51%)
Variation majorly
reduction in
profitability as
compared to
previous year.
Return on Equity (%)
Profit after Tax
Average Total
Equity
7.29%
25.44%
(71%)
Inventory Turnover
(Times)
Sales (Net of
Discounts)
Average Inventory
7.71
7.62
1%
Trade Payables Turnover
(Times)
Purchase of Raw
Material + Purchase
of Stock-in-Trade +
Other Expenses
Average Trade
Payables
13.57
13.81
(2%)
Trade Receivables
Turnover (Times)
Sales (Net of
Discounts)
Average Trade
Receivables
54.99
60.60
(9%)
Net Capital Turnover
(Times)*
Sales (Net of
Discounts)
Average
Working Capital
(i.e. Current
Assets - Current
Liabilities)
(12.17)
(14.84)
(18%)
Net Profit Ratio (%)
Profit after Tax
Revenue from
Operation
1.53%
4.57%
(67%)
Variation majorly
reduction in
profitability as
compared to
previous year.
Return on Capital
Employed (%)
Profit before Tax +
Finance Cost
Average of (Total
Equity + Total
Debt + Deferred
Tax Liabilities)
7.68%
20.17%
(62%)
Return on Investment (%)
Closing Value
of Investment +
Dividend during
the year - (Opening
Value of Investment
+ Additional
Investment during
the year)
Opening Value
of Investment
+ (Additional
Investment
during the year -
Dividend during
the year)/2
-
Equity in Subsidiary/
Associates & JVs
8.80%
4.83%
82%
Variation majorly
on account
of increase in
dividend receipt
-
Equity in Others
(2.21%)
84.66%
(103%)
Variation majorly
change in fair value
of investment.
-
Preference Shares
8.30%
15.73%
47%
-
Govt. Securities (Non-
current+Current)
11.50%
6.66%
73%
NOTE - 48: ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS PER SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT 2013
1.
Ratios

* In line with EAC opinion received in FY 2018-19, Security Deposits amounting to H32,773.41 crore (2024: H31,952.39 crore) obtained from LPG consumers are
consistently treated as current liabilities as the Company does not have unconditional right to defer settlement of the same upon demand from consumers.
However, based on past experience, IT is observed that there is net increase in security deposits and refund claim from consumers is insignificant.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 48: ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS PER SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT 2013 (Contd..)
Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in the name of the Company
A
Cases continuing from previous year:
Relevant line
Balance sheet
PPE
Land
Land - Freehold
0.16
Government of Assam
No
Land - Freehold
0.20
Government of Bihar
No
Land - Leasehold
18.45
10.18
Government of Uttar Pradesh
No
Land - Leasehold
31.99
Gujarat Industrial Development
Corporataion
No
Land - Freehold
0.40
GIDC & Others
No
Land - Leasehold
32.37
Government of Odisha
No
Freehold Land
0.46
Central Government
No
ROU Leased land
8.69
Not available
No
CTMPL-RCP station
Land at Reddimangudii*
-
Nalluswamy Ramar
No
Freehold Land
0.02
RAMAVATHI/ LEGAL HEIRS
No
Freehold Land *
-
RAMAVATHI/ LEGAL HEIRS
No
Freehold Land *
-
No
Freehold Land *
-
Not available
No
Freehold Land
0.13
0.10
APIIC
No
Land
0.10
Bharat Petroleum Corporation
No
Freehold Land
0.52
Kerala state Government (GCDA)
No
Land
5.77
Indian Railways
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
(3 cases)
0.08
TISCO
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
0.01
TISCO
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
0.05
0.12
TISCO
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
(16 cases)
34.34
67.84
IAF
No
Freehold Land
7.88
Bharat Petroleum Corporation
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
0.78
0.36
SAIL
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
0.23
0.15
SAIL
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
22.67
Tuticorin Port Trust
No
Freehold Land
0.82
Not available
No
Freehold Land
1.15
Ministry of Defence
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
0.32
Tuticorin Port Trust
No
Freehold Land
0.02
Railways
No
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Property
Under
Dispute
(Yes/
No)
No
Land measuring 60.50 Acre not registered in the name of IOCL, GR for which follow-up is being made with
the government.
Yes
Govt. of Bihar instituted a certificate case against Barauni Refinery for realization of the additional cost of
Registration charges towards stamp and registration fee for the conveyance deed executed by Govt. of
Bihar in favour BR. The matter related to the claim of District Authorities, for additional cost of Registration
charges, is pending with the Honble High Court, Patna.
No
Approval for lease deed & execution is pending at the level of Department of Industries, UP Govt., Lucknow.
Yes
Case is pending in High Court
No
Transfer execution is pending.
No
No
The title is in the name of Central Government (with Possession in the name of IndianOil). The matter is
being taken up with the Tehsildar & DC, Panipat for correction in the mutation.
31-12-2016
No
30-05-2005
No
Purchase price of the private- government land parcel has not been fixed by State Government.
20-03-1995
Yes
Filing of title Appeal before Jharkhand High Court is in process.
28-04-1995
Yes
Filing of title Appeal before Jharkhand High Court is in process.
31-03-2022
No
Mutation is pending.
01-01-1959
No
Title deed is not available. Re-generation of title deed from Sub-Registrar office is in process.
18-01-1997
Yes
4 plots in Industrial park Kakinada were allotted to IOCL for setting up of LPG Godown and Showroom.
However, after few years, APIIC intimated the cancellation of 3 plot allotments due to non utilizations of the
plots along with refund. IOCL is taking up the issue with APIIC for withdrawal of cancellation order.
01-10-1990
No
The land has been registered in the name of BPCL. BPCL has demarcated 77,540.00 Sqm of land in the
name of IOCL.
31-03-2003
No
Following up is being made with Govt. Secretary and GCDA for registration.
31-03-1994
Yes
The said land had been exchanged with railways for construction of railway siding and the same had not
been registered. However a person had disputed the title in the court claiming that they have registered
documents to portion of the land (400 Sq.Yards). Pending the decision of the Railways and the legal case,
IOC is unable to go ahead with the registration of land.
14-11-1996
No
14-12-1996
No
19-11-1996
No
29-08-2011
No
AFS Umbrela Agreement/MOU, but no individual Agreement for various AFS Locations.
31-05-2019
No
IOC, BPC & HPC are developing a common user facility at Meramundali with BPC as lead partner. Land was
purchased by BPC in its name and as per the CUF agreement the ownership land should be transferred to all
the partner as per there share in CUF. Now BPCL is in the advance stage for transferring the ownership to
both partners.
10-02-2016
No
Lease renewal SD and premium has been paid and renewal is under process
09-05-2004
No
Lease renewal SD and premium has been paid and renewal is under process
31-07-1998
Yes
The lease agreement not yet signed due to dispute with Tuticorin Port Trust on incorporation of MGT clause.
21-05-2014
No
01-08-1990
No
31-07-1998
Yes
The lease agreement not yet signed due to dispute with Tuticorin Port Trust on incorporation of MGT clause
31-12-2012
No
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 48: ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS PER SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT 2013 (Contd..)
Relevant line
Balance sheet
PPE
Building
NBCC_Type VI Flats &
Parking Kidwai Nagar
19.32
20.42
NBCC
No
NBCC Commercial
Space
216.56
231.02
NBCC
No
NBCC_Building_Type V
Flats
16.71
17.67
NBCC
No
Freehold Building
15.86
14.65
Govt. of West Bengal
No
Freehold Building
0.01
M/s Bonny Enterprise
No
Freehold Building
0.04
M/s Bonny Enterprise
No
Freehold Building (3
cases)
0.05
M/s Bonny Enterprise
No
Freehold Building
0.06
Mukund Constructions
No
Relevant line
Balance sheet
PPE
Land
1.14
-
No
Chittoor Colony Land
0.24
-
T.V.Subramanyam Reddy (late)
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
35.89
-
Not available
No
ROU - Leasehold Land
35.12
-
Not available
No
Relevant line item in
the Balance sheet
Description of item of property
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
PPE
Land
Chittoor Colony Land
128.38
JNPT
ROU - Leasehold Land
1.94
Mumbai Port Trust
ROU - Leasehold Land
326.4
IAF
B
Cases added during the year:
Cases settled during the year:

*Following's carrying value is not reflected above due to rounding off:
Description of item of property
Gross carrying value (In J)
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Freehold Land
RAMAVATHI/ LEGAL HEIRS
25540
Freehold Land
CTMPL-RCP station Land at Reddimangudii
Nalluswamy Ramar
30000
Freehold Land
Not available
24416
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Property
Under
Dispute
(Yes/
No)
11-10-2018
No
10-08-2018
No
25-09-2019
No
26-07-1989
No
The executed deed was not registered after taking over the building. Mutation of this plot of Land & Building
is not available.
01-04-1984
No
16-05-1983
No
29-04-1985
No
29-02-1984
Yes
Matter under Litigation for execution of sale deed
Property
Under
Dispute
(Yes/
No)
27-05-2024
No
12-03-2012
Yes
As per Court order Ref O.S. NO 18 of 2017 dated 30.12.2024, IOCL (plaintiff) does not have the right and title
of the land. The court order is in favour of the defendant.
14-02-2024
No
14-02-2024
No
Whether title deed holder is a promoter, director or relative of promoter/
director or employee of promoter/ director
Property held since which
date
Under Dispute
(Yes/ No)
No
08-07-2022
No
No
01-04-1998
No
No
30-08-2011
No
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 48: ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS PER SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT 2013 (Contd..)
(Amount in J)
Balance outstanding
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
3I Computers Private Limited
Payables
11,300
Aditya Inkjet Technologies Private Limited
Payables
1,892
Advantech Services (India) Private Limited
Payables
-
AK Felix Polymers Private Limited
Payables
-
Amstar Infrastructure India Private Limited
Payables
1,690
Anurag Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
-
Aoa Energy International Private Limited
Payables
52,900
Arca Safety Private Limited
Payables
-
Argus Media Private Limited
Payables
-
Banalata Hotel & Resort Private Limited
Payables
-
Bharati Instrumentation Private Limited
Payables
Bombay Studio Private Limited
Payables
11,966
Cape Valour Services Private Limited
Payables
31,81,569
Chauhan Transport Private Limited
Payables
1,81,296
CIG Softtech India Limited
Payables
(40,500)
Deva Enterprises Limited
Payables
-
5,673
Dewpoint Shipping & Services Private Limited
Payables
-
Diaprix Web Solution Private Limited
Payables
21,564
22,118
DLS Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
-
Elite Octane Motoring Private Limited
Payables
(1,20,510)
(30,510)
Ensival Moret India Private Limited
Payables
2,000
First Office Solutions India Private Limited
Payables
14,100
Grand Marshall Engineers Private Limited
Payables
12,537
Gupta Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
-
Hotel Dynasty Private Limited
Payables
7,680
Informatics E-Tech (India) Limited
Payables
15,139
Jay Kay Motors Private Limited
Payables
-
Kamrupinyae Infrastructures Private Limited
Payables
(6,57,101)
Kanti Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
(3,402)
Kashvi Industries Private Limited
Payables
-
KDC Infra Projects Private Limited
Payables
-
Krishna Sales Private Limited
Payables
99,015
1,30,620
Krithi Apparels Private Limited
Payables
-
Linear Point Surveys Private Limited
Payables
(1,440)
Relationship with Struck off Companies
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE - 48: ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS PER SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT 2013 (Contd..)
(Amount in J)
Balance outstanding
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
M.P. Marketing Private Limited
Payables
-
Maxtel (India) Private Limited
Payables
31,903
6,055
Microsys Technoware Solutions Private Limited
Payables
-
(6,078)
Murthy Electronics Private Limited
Payables
2,541
Neelam Private Limited
Payables
-
Pacific Laboratories Private Limited
Payables
-
Padavi Engineers & Pressure Vessels Limited
Payables
-
34,545
Paonta Technologies & Solutions Private Limited
Payables
5,520
Parihat Ventures Private Limited
Payables
-
Prabhat Associates Private Limited
Payables
-
Raj Communication Private Limited
Payables
-
Raj Services Private Limited
Payables
-
38,564
RGM Signs & Displays Private Limited
Payables
-
Risknowlogy Solutions Private Limited
Payables
6,900
Rudransh Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
24,411
9,477
S. R Lab Instruments India Private Limited
Payables
4,931
S. S. Constructions Private Limited
Payables
6,76,364
2,08,349
S.S. Trading Company Private Limited
Payables
-
Sai Associates Private Limited
Payables
(8,924)
(5,000)
Sandhu Transport Co Private Limited
Payables
-
7,85,377
Shree Sai IP Consultant Private Limited
Payables
1,63,720
Shree Salasar Rent A Car Private Limited
Payables
35,871
Shubhgayatri Ventures (OPC) Private Limited
Payables
6,22,655
Sirius Transtech Private Limited
Payables
28,570
SKPEI Engineering Works Private Limited
Payables
(657)
Social Buzz Technologies Private Limited
Payables
-
Spacescape Design Consultants Private Limited
Payables
1,08,550
Spectacular Advertising & Events Private Limited
Payables
10,931
Techtrix Controls Chennai Private Limited
Payables
26,213
7,314
The Royal Park Hotels Private Limited
Payables
18,017
Trishul & Om Construction Private Limited
Payables
40,200
60,000
Valase Roadlines Private Limited
Payables
-
9,58,949
Verma & Associates Private Limited
Payables
-
Vidhoo Industrial Service Private Limited
Payables
2,107
Waaree Mm Petro Tech Private Limited
Payables
2,21,798
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

Details of Struck-off investors holding equity shares in the Company:
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
No. of shares
held
Paid up Share
Capital (J)
No. of shares
held
Paid up Share
Capital (J)
Aakil Leasing Limited
1,200
Haresh Extrusion Company Private Limited
11,880
Hermoine Financial Solutions Private Limited
-
6,000
JSK Finvest Private Limited
-
6,480
Kothari Intergroup Limited
Market Probe India Private Limited
Raghukul Shares India Private Limited

Note: The Company does not have any relationship with the above mentioned struck-off companies.
(Amount in J)
Balance outstanding
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Aprajeeta Developers Private Limited
Receivables
(1,395)
Arch Triad Consultants Private Limited
Receivables
23,854
Baranagar Jute Factory Company Limited
Receivables
(3,54,087)
(2,48,051)
Birendra Nag Construction Private Limited
Receivables
(900)
Dharamveer Construction & Infra Private Limited
Receivables
(6,332)
Ganpati Cements Private Limited
Receivables
-
(1,22,348)
Goodwill Contractors Private Limited
Receivables
(949)
Hare Krishna Polytech Private Limited
Receivables
(9,001)
(1,71,295)
Idha E Tail Arks Private Limited
Receivables
-
Khazina Digital Private Limited
Receivables
(3,00,000)
Maheshwari Poly Products LLP
Receivables
-
(900)
Palimar Foods Private Limited
Receivables
20,674
Rudra Parwati Engineering Private Limited
Receivables
(2,523)
Salai Energy Solutions Private Limited
Receivables
(4,47,642)
(4,36,511)
Subham Enterprise Private Limited
Receivables
-
NOTE - 48: ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS PER SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT 2013 (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
NOTE-49: OTHER DISCLOSURES
In order to provide clean cooking fuel to BPL families, Government has approved Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) scheme
where free LPG connections are issued by Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) to the women belonging to the Below Poverty Line
(BPL) households as per SECC -2011 (Rural) database. The scheme was launched on May 1, 2016. As per the scheme, the initial
cost towards connection charges (Refundable deposit) would be borne by the Central Government for each card holder. Few State
Governments have also extended this scheme to other beneficiaries. As per the scheme, OMCs would provide an option for EMI/
Loans towards cost of burner and 1st refill to the PMUY consumers. The loan amount is to be recovered from the subsidy amount
payable by the government to the customers on each refill sale. During the year, discounting of the loan has been done based on
assumption of average refills in a year and average subsidy rate per cylinder under respective range of subsidy buckets.

The amount outstanding as at 31st March 2025 towards PMUY Cash Assistance claim from Central Government is H62.74 crore
(2024: H279.69 crore) and loan to PMUY consumers is H2,180.76 crore (2024: H2,367.12 crore) (net of recovery through subsidy).
Against the above loan, a provision for doubtful loans amounting to H1,226.99 crore (H1,159.40 crore) has been created as at 31st
March 2025 against the beneficiaries who have not taken any refill for more than 6 months based on expected credit loss (ECL)
model and applying experience factor based on experience ratio of doubtful provision on more than 6 months to the loans in less
than 6 months category. (Also refer Credit Risk under Note 40)

The Company has remeasured the gross carrying amount of PMUY loan as at Balance Sheet date based on revised estimated
future contractual cash flows resulting in addition in PMUY loans by H107.24 crore (2024: Addition by H336.61 crore) which has
been accounted in Statement of Profit and Loss in Note -24 under the head "Other Income".
During the current financial year, the Company has reversed Provision created in the earlier years to the tune of ₹1,838.02 crore
(comprising VAT ITC amount of ₹1,203.72 crore and interest amount of ₹634.30 crore), consequent to the favourable orders from
Hon ble Supreme Court and Gujarat VAT Tribunal on the subject of VAT Input Tax Credit under Gujarat VAT Act 2005. Accordingly,
the pre-deposit has been reclassified from Deposits (Note-18) to Claims Recoverable (Note-8). The reversal of provision has
been treated as Exceptional Item considering its nature and size.
The Principal Controller of Defence Accounts (PCDA) and Indian Air Force have deducted H621.25 crore and H68.78 crore
respectively from the regular supplies on account of the price differential on supplies made between January 2022 to March 2023.
The Company has been contesting this claim directly and also through the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MoPNG). Hence
the same has been shown under disputed trade receivables considered good (Note-10). The matter is still under deliberation, and
the financial impact, if any, will be addressed once the issue is resolved.
Purchase of crude oil from some small oilfields has been accounted for provisionally pending finalisation of agreements with
respective parties. The management estimates that no significant adjustments will arise upon finalisation of these agreements.
"The Retired Officers Welfare Society consisting of employees retired from the Company and other individual retired employees
filed a writ petition in Delhi High Court in the year 2017 that the manner in which the Self Contributory pension scheme titled
as Superannuation Benefits Fund on defined benefit basis, setup in the year 1987, has been retrospectively terminated in the
year 2011, with effect from 01.01.2007, by the Company is arbitrary. In April 2025, the Hon ble Delhi High Court passed an order
directing that the monthly pension of petitioners be re-fixed under a Defined Benefit Scheme and the arrears be paid along with
interest. Impact of the Court order is not ascertainable in view of the varied possible scenarios.

Based on external legal opinion, prima-facie the Company is not responsible for the self-contributory & self-sustaining scheme
prepared, managed and run by a separate independent and legal entity being the Trust. The Company is in the process of filing an
appeal along with the stay application against the said order. The management is confident that no liability shall devolve on the
Company and hence no provision is required.
Financial Statements

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Regrouped from
Regrouped to
Amount
Natural Gas Stock held
by Company is bifurcated
into Raw Materials and
Stock-In-Trade based
on ratio of sale and self
consumption
Stock in Trade - In Hand (Note 9)
Raw Materials - In Hand (Note 9)
175.15
Stock in Trade - In Transit (Note 9)
Raw Materials - In Hand (Note 9)
117.08
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
(Statement of Profit and Loss)
Purchases (Note 25)
292.23
Closing Stock - Stock in Trade (Note 26)
Closing Stock - Raw Materials
(Note 25)
292.23
Opening Stock - Stock in Trade (Note 26)
Opening Stock - Raw Materials
(Note 25)
233.05
Reclassification of
Interest into respective
Finance Cost Heads
Interest Payment on Financial Items -
Bonds/Debentures (Note 28)
Interest Payment on Financial
Items - Bank Borrowings
(Note 28)
511.04
There are no significant subsequent events that would require adjustments or disclosures in the Financial Statements as at
Balance Sheet date, other than those disclosed above.
Figures of the previous year have been regrouped wherever necessary, to conform to current period presentation, Major item
regrouped is as under:
NOTE-49: OTHER DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
Place: New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Income and Expenditure Account for the year ended
31st March, 2025
Schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment (Township)
for the year ended 31.03.2025
ON PROVISION OF TOWNSHIP, EDUCATION, MEDICAL AND OTHER FACILITIES
Particulars
INCOME
1. Recovery of House Rent
25.03
15.57
2. Recovery of Utilities-Power and Water
0.30
0.24
3. Recovery of Transport Charges
0.09
0.07
4. Other Recoveries
8.83
8.36
5. Excess of Expenditure over Income
841.39
750.26
TOTAL
875.64
774.50
EXPENDITURE
1. Employee Benefit Expenses
301.88
280.36
2. Consumable Stores and Medicines
138.45
112.29
3. Repairs and Maintenance
227.89
193.90
4. Finance Cost
48.51
34.80
5. Depreciation & Amortization
43.92
42.04
6. Miscellaneous Expenses
67.96
66.50
7. Utilities-Power, Water and Gas
13.03
10.84
8. Rent
0.76
1.19
9. Subsidies for Social & Cultural Activities
22.54
23.01
10. Bus Hire Charges
2.10
0.39
11. Others
8.59
9.18
TOTAL
875.64
774.50
(₹ in Crore)
Particulars
Gross
Block as at
01.04.2024
Additions
Transfers
Capital
work-in-
Disposals/
Deductions/
Transfers/
Reclassi-
fications
Gross
Block as at
31.03.2025
Depreciation
Block as on
01.04.2024
Depreciation
&
Amortization
Depreciation
on deduction
& reclassi-
fication
Deprereciation
& Amortization
As at
31.03.2025
Net Block As at
31.03.2025 31.03.2024
Land Freehold
138.12
87.96
-
226.08
-
226.08
138.12
Land-Leasehold
18.88
-
(2.07)
16.81
4.37
0.54
(1.88)
3.03
13.78
14.51
Buildings, Roads Etc
1,229.34
5.42
34.57
17.53
1,286.86
302.47
31.33
0.12
333.92
952.94
926.87
Plant & Equipment
86.98
2.60
1.32
1.22
92.12
31.88
5.39
0.04
37.31
54.81
55.10
Office Equipments
36.53
3.63
0.91
2.06
43.13
24.48
4.14
(0.10)
28.52
14.61
12.05
Furniture & Fixtures
19.27
1.85
0.51
0.60
22.23
12.75
2.05
(0.29)
14.51
7.72
6.52
Drainage, Sewage
& Water Supply
Systems
0.78
-
0.78
0.16
0.02
-
0.18
0.60
0.62
Transport
Equipment
1.39
1.41
-
(1.17)
1.63
0.88
0.45
(0.89)
0.44
1.19
0.51
Grand Total
1,531.29
102.87
37.31
18.17
1,689.64
376.99
43.92
(3.00)
417.91
1,271.73
1,154.30
Previous Year
1,355.99
14.42
113.48
47.39
1,531.29
333.75
42.04
1.20
376.99
1,154.30
Financial Statements

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Independent Auditors Report
To
The Members of Indian Oil Corporation Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as the
Holding Company ) and its Subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), its Joint Ventures and Associates, which comprise of
the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive
Income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that
date, and notes to the consolidated financial statements including, a summary of the material accounting policies and other explanatory
information (hereinafter referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration of
reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates as referred to in the Other Matter Paragraphs 2 and 3, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with Indian
Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, as
amended and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group, its Joint Ventures
and Associates as at March 31, 2025, and its consolidated profit including other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity
and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under
section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit
of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group, its Joint Ventures and Associates in
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), together with the ethical requirements
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI s Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports
referred in Other Matters paragraphs below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters
described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Key Audit Matters
Auditors response to Key Audit Matters
Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Assets
There are areas where management judgement impacts the
carrying value of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets
and their respective depreciation/amortisation rates. These
include the decision to capitalise or expense costs; the annual
asset life review; the timeliness of the capitalisation of assets
and the use of management assumptions and estimates for the
determination or the measurement and recognition criteria for
assets retired from active use. Due to the materiality in the context
of the Balance Sheet of the Group and the level of judgement and
estimates required, we consider this to be as area of significance.
(Refer Note No. 2 & 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements)
We assessed the controls in place over the fixed asset cycle,
evaluated
appropriateness
capitalisation
process,
performed tests of details on costs capitalised, the timeliness of
the capitalisation of the assets and the de-recognition criteria for
assets retired from active use.
In performing these procedures, we reviewed the judgements
made by management including the nature of underlying costs
capitalised; determination of realizable value of the assets retired
from active use; the appropriateness of assets lives applied in the
calculation of depreciation; the useful lives of assets prescribed in
Schedule II to the Act and the useful lives of certain assets as per
the technical assessment of the management. We observed that
the management has regularly reviewed the aforesaid judgements
and there are no material changes.
Provision for Direct Taxes
The Group has uncertain direct tax positions including matters
under dispute which involves significant judgment relating to the
possible outcome of these disputes in estimation of the provision
for income tax. Because of the judgement required, this area is
considered as a key audit matter.
(Refer Note No. 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements)
Our audit procedures involved assessment of the management s
underlying assumptions in estimating the tax provision and
the possible outcome of the disputes taking into account the
legal precedence, jurisprudence and other rulings in evaluating
management s position on these uncertain direct tax positions.
We have also assessed the disclosures made by the company in
this regard in consolidated financial statements.
Provisions, Contingencies and Litigations
The Group is involved in various taxes and other disputes for
which final outcome cannot be easily predicted and which
could potentially result in significant liabilities. The assessment
of the risks associated with the litigations is based on complex
assumptions, which require the use of judgement and such
judgement relates, primarily, to the assessment of the uncertainties
connected to the prediction of the outcome of the proceedings
and to the adequacy of the disclosures in the standalone financial
statements. Because of the judgement required, the materiality
of such litigations and the complexity of the assessment process,
this area is considered as a key audit matter.
(Refer Note No. 18, 37B & 48.6 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements)
Our audit procedures in response to this Key Audit Matter included,
among others,

Assessment
relevant
controls
implemented to identify legal and tax litigations and pending
administrative proceedings.

Assessment of assumptions used in the evaluation of potential
legal and tax risks performed by the legal and tax department
of the Company considering the legal precedence and other
rulings in similar cases.

Inquiry with the legal and tax departments regarding the status
of the most significant disputes and inspection of the key
relevant documentation.

Analysis of opinion received from the experts wherever available.

Review of the adequacy of the disclosures in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.
Investments in Joint Ventures and Associates
Investments in Joint ventures and associates which are valued at
cost have been adjusted for impairment losses in line with Ind AS
36 Impairment of assets . In case there is an indication of possible
impairment, the Company carries out an impairment test by
comparing the recoverable amount of the investments determined
according to the value in use method and their carrying amount.
The valuation process adopted by management is complex and
is based on a series of assumptions, such as the forecast cash
flows, the appropriate discounting rate and the growth rate. These
assumptions are, by nature, influenced by future expectations
regarding the evolution of external market.
With reference to this key audit matter, we considered the following:

Comparing the carrying amount of investments with financial
statements of investee companies to identify whether their
net assets value, being an approximation of their minimum
recoverable amount, were in excess of their carrying amount.

Market capitalization in case of listed entities in which
investments have been made.

Certain entities where carrying value of Investments is less
than the Net Assets Value due to being in the construction
stage and have not begun commercial operations.
Financial Statements

Key Audit Matters
Auditors response to Key Audit Matters
Since judgement of the management is required to determine
whether there is indication of possible impairment and considering
the subjectivity of the estimates relating to the determination of
the cash flows and the key assumptions of the impairment test,
the area is considered as a key audit matter.
(Refer Note No. 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements)
Based on the information and explanations obtained as above,
we concluded that the Management s judgement regarding
indication of impairment in certain investments during the year is
appropriate. Where there is indication of impairment, we examined
the approach taken by management to determine the value of the
investments, analysed the methods and assumptions applied by
management to carry out the impairment test and the reports
obtained from the experts in valuation.
The following audit procedures were adopted:

identification and understanding of the significant controls
implemented by the Company over the impairment testing
process; analysis of the reasonableness of the principal
assumptions made to estimate their cash flows and obtaining
other information from management that we deemed to
be significant.

analysis of actual data of the year and previous years in
comparison with the original plan, in order to assess the nature
of variances and the reliability of the planning process.

assessment of the reasonableness of the discount rate
and growth rate.

Verification of the mathematical accuracy of the model used
to determine the value in use of the investments.
We also examined the adequacy of the information provided by
the Company about the impairment test and its consistency with
the requirements of Ind AS 36.
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditors Report Thereon
The Holding Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Financial Performance highlights, Board s Report including Annexures to Board s Report, Management
Discussions and Analysis, Business Responsibility Report, Report on Corporate Governance, Shareholders Information and other
information in Integrated Annual Report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors report thereon.
The above referred information is expected to be made available to us after the date of this audit report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and identified
above when IT becomes available, and in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the auditor otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
If, based on the work we have performed, and report of the other auditors as furnished to us (refer paragraphs 2 and 3 of other matter
para below), we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.
When we read the remaining other information, which we will obtain after the date of auditors report and if we conclude that there is
material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements
in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial
performance, total comprehensive income, consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
of the Group, its Joint Ventures and Associates in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the
Indian Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, of its Joint Ventures and Associates are responsible
for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the
Group, its Joint Ventures and Associates for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the
consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, its Joint
Ventures and Associates are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group, its Joint Ventures and Associates to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, its Joint Ventures, and Associates, are responsible for
overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group, its Joint Ventures and Associates.
Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement
when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Group, its
Joint Ventures and Associates which are companies incorporated in India, has adequate internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the
Group, its Joint Ventures, and Associates to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we
are required to draw attention in our auditors report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditors report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group, its Joint Ventures and Associates controlled entities
to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
fair presentation.

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
Group, its Joint Ventures, and Associates to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for
the direction, supervision, and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated
financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial
statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and
performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company regarding among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
Financial Statements

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters
in our Auditors Report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
1.
The consolidated financial statements include the Holding Company s proportionate share (relating to Jointly controlled operations
of E&P activities, wherein the company is not an operator) in assets J1023.46 Crore and liabilities J298.28 Crore as at March 31,
2025 and total income of J262.94 Crore and profit before tax of J28.04 Crore for the year ended on that date and in items of the
statement of cash flow and related disclosures contained in the enclosed standalone financial statements. Our observations
thereon are based on unaudited statements from the operators to the extent available with the Company in respect of 24 Blocks
(out of which 7 Blocks are relinquished) in India and overseas and have been certified by the management. Our opinion in respect
thereof is solely based on the management certified information. According to the information and explanations given to us by the
Company s management, these are not material to the Group.
2.
We did not audit the financial statements of 9 subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements, whose financial
statements reflect total assets of J41,814.31 Crores as at March 31, 2025, total income of J85,091.76 Crores and net cash outflows
amounting to J407.31 Crores for the year ended on that date. The consolidated financial statements also include the Group s share
of net profit of J640.09 Crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 in respect of 19 joint ventures and 2 associate, whose financial
statements / financial information have not been audited by us. These financial statements have been audited by other auditors
whose reports have been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far
as IT relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, and our report
in terms of sub-sections (3) and (11) of Section 143 of the Act, is based solely on the reports of other auditors and procedures
performed under the para Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements above.
3.
The consolidated financial statements include 2 subsidiaries whose financial statements reflect total assets of J2,969.88 Crores
as at March 31, 2025, total income of J349.60 Crores and net cash inflows amounting to J35.00 Crores for the year ended on
that date. The consolidated financial statements also include the Group s share of net profit of J288.20 crore for the year ended
March 31, 2025 in respect of 8 joint ventures. These financial statements / financial information are unaudited and have been
furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts
and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries and joint ventures and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) and (11)
of Section 143 of the Act, is based solely on such unaudited financial statements / financial information as furnished to us by the
Management. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, these financial
statements / financial information is not material to the Group.

The consolidated audited financial statements also include the Group s share of total net profit of J502.71 crore for year ended
March 31, 2025 as considered in the consolidated audited financial Statements, in respect of 1 Associate, based on their interim
financial information, which have not been audited by their auditors and is as informed by the management of the Associate.
4.
Certain of these subsidiaries and joint ventures are located outside India whose financial statements and other financial
information have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries and
which have been audited by other auditors under generally accepted auditing standards applicable in their respective countries.
The Company s management has converted the financial statements of such subsidiaries and joint ventures located outside India
from the accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries to accounting principles generally accepted in India.
These converted financial statements have been certified by Chartered Accountants in India appointed by the Company for the
specific purpose and have been relied upon by us. Our opinion in so far as IT relates to the balances and affairs of such subsidiaries
and joint ventures located outside India is based on the reports of other Chartered Accountants as mentioned above.
5.
These Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 doesn t include the financial statements / information
in respect of 3 Joint Ventures and 1 Associates having regard to the fact that these Joint Ventures / Associate are under liquidation
/ closure and the same are not material to the Group.
6.
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2024 were jointly audited by M/s. Khandelwal
Jain & Co., M/s. K G Somani & Co LLP, M/s. Komandoor & Co LLP and M/s. S R B & Associates, and they had expressed an
unmodified opinion on Consolidated Financial Statements vide their report dated April 30, 2024.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements is not modified in respect of the above matters.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of other auditors on separate
financial statements and on the other financial information of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, as noted in Other
Matters paragraph above, we report, to the extent applicable, that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements have been kept so far as IT appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors/
chartered accountants.

The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income),
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report
are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated

In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act.

e)
On the basis of the reports of the statutory auditors of subsidiaries and joint ventures and associates incorporated in India,
none of the directors of joint ventures and associates incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act. We are informed that the provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act
are not applicable to the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India being Government companies
in terms of notification no. G.S.R.463(E) dated 5th June 2015 issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

f)
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding Company,
its subsidiary companies, joint ventures, and associates incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such
controls, refer to our separate report in Annexure 1 .

g)
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors Report in accordance with the requirements of section
197(16) of the Act, as amended:

We are informed that the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V of the Act, relating to managerial remuneration
are not applicable to the Holding Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in India, being Government Companies in
terms of Ministry of Corporate Affairs Notification no G.S.R. 463(E) dated 5th June, 2015. On the basis of the reports of the
statutory auditors of the Joint Ventures and Associates incorporated in India, the remuneration paid by the Joint Ventures
and Associates to its directors during the current year is in accordance with the Section 197 of the Act and the remuneration
paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act.

h)
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit
and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and
based on the consideration of the report of the other auditors on the financial statements of the subsidiary companies, joint
ventures and associates and management certified financial statements, as noted in other matter paragraph:

The consolidated financial statements disclosed the impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial position
of the Group, its joint ventures, and associates (Refer Note 37B and 48.6 to the consolidated financial statements).

Provision has been made in the consolidated financial statements, as required under the applicable law or Indian
Accounting Standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long term contracts including derivative contracts.
Refer Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, joint ventures and associates incorporated in India, during the
year ended March 31, 2025.

The respective Managements of the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India,
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us that, to the best of their
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Company or any of such subsidiaries to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity ( Intermediaries ),
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly
Financial Statements

lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company or
any of such subsidiaries ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries.

The respective Managements of the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India,
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us that, to the best of their
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by
the Company or any of such subsidiaries from any person or entity, including foreign entity ( Funding Parties ),
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company or any of such subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries.

Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii)
of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement

As stated in Note 31 to the Consolidated financial statements:

The final dividend paid by the Holding Company during the year in respect of the same declared for the previous
year is in compliance with section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to payment of dividends.

The Board of Directors of the Holding Company has proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the
approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to declaration of dividend.

Based on our examination, which included test checks, and that performed by the respective auditors of the subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures which are companies incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited
under the Act, except for the instances mentioned below, the company, subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures have
used an accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during the course of our audit, we and respective auditors of the above referred subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with.
Particulars
No. of Instances
(a) Instances of accounting software for maintaining its books of account which did not
had a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same was not operated
throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software
Nil
(b) Instances of audit trail feature being tampered with or inability to comment in
respect thereof
1. Joint Venture
2.
With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 (the Order /
CARO ) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor s report, according
to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the Holding company and by the
respective auditors of the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, we report:
No
Name
CIN
Holding/Subsidiary/
Associate/Joint
Venture
Clause no.of the
CARO report
which is qualified
or Adverse
IndianOil Corporation Ltd
L23201MH1959GOI011388
Holding Company
Clause ix (d)
Cauvery Basin Refinery and
U23200TN2023PLC158051
Joint Venture
Clause xvii
Clause xix
U60230GJ2019PLC109127
Joint Venture
Clause xvii
U11202KA2006PTC040251
Joint Venture
Clause vii (b)
U35201DL2024PTC433075
Joint Venture
Clause xvii
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

No
Name
CIN
Holding/Subsidiary/
Associate/Joint
Venture
Clause no.of the
CARO report
which is qualified
or Adverse
L40101TN1965GOI005389
Subsidiary
U31109DL2021PTC377250
Joint Venture
Clause xvii
U23200GJ1998PLC034144
Associate
Clause xvii
Clause xix
IOSL Noida Private Limited
U74999UP2021PTC157474
Subsidiary of Joint
Venture
Clause ix (a)
National Aromatics and Petrochemicals
U11101TN1989PLC017403
Joint Venture of
Subsidiary
Clause i(c)
Clause xvii
Clause xix
Indian Additives Limited
U24294TN1989PLC017705
Joint Venture of
Subsidiary
Clause vii (b)
Clause xi (c)
Ratnagiri Refinery And Petrochemicals Limited
U23200MH2017PLC300014
Joint Venture
Clause xvii
U35107DL2024GOI432137
Subsidiary
Clause xvii
No
Name of the Company
CIN
Relationship
L74899DL1998PLC093073
Associate
GSPL India Transco Ltd (GITL)
U40200GJ2011SGC067450
Joint Venture
GSPL India Gasnet Ltd (GIGL)
U40200GJ2011SGC067449
Joint Venture
Hindustan Urvark & Rasayan Ltd.
U24100DL2016CPL358399
Joint Venture
U241000R2013SGC016970
Joint Venture
U42201DL2023PTC415225
Joint Venture
U35109DL2024PTC434149
Joint Venture
U40300AS2018GOI018660
Joint Venture
U64990GJ2023GOI141266
Subsidiary

In respect of the following companies included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, whose Audit under
Section 143 of the Act has not yet completed, the CARO as applicable in respect of this component is not available.
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZO8707
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVS4528
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPX6619
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKC8159
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
Financial Statements

Chartered Accountants
Mumbai - 400 020
K. G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
3/15, Asaf Ali Road, 4th Floor
New Delhi - 110 002
M. K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Kolkata - 700 012
Annexure 1 to the Independent Auditors Report
On the Consolidated Financial Statements of even date to the Members of Indian Oil Corporation Limited for the
year ended March 31, 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1 (f) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements )
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section
3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act )
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025 we
have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred
to as Holding Company ) and its subsidiary companies (collectively referred to as the Group ) joint ventures and associates, which are
companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, joint ventures and associates which are companies
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control with
reference to financial statements criteria established by the Holding Company, its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which
are companies incorporated in India, considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( the ICAI ). These
responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company s policies, the
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records,
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding
Company, its subsidiary companies, joint ventures, and associates which are companies incorporated in India, based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the
Guidance Note ) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section
143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditors judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, and audit evidence obtained by other auditors in term of their reports is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the
Holding Company, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures and associates, which are companies incorporated in India.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements
A company s internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal financial control with reference to financial statement includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility of
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to future periods are subject
to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, joint ventures and associates which are incorporated in India, have, in
all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements reporting and such internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025 , based on the internal control over
financial reporting criteria established by the Group considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Other Matter
Our aforesaid reports under section 143(3) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial control
with reference to financial statements insofar as IT relates to 3 subsidiaries, 21 joint ventures and associates which are companies
incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding standalone / consolidated reports of the auditors, as applicable, of such companies
incorporated in India.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Chartered Accountants
105049W
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
006591N/N500377
For M K P S & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
302014E/W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
001420S/S200034
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
UDIN: 25511596BMIVZO8707
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
UDIN: 25550715BMJBVS4528
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
UDIN: 25065025BMNQPX6619
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
UDIN: 25226246BMIGKC8159
Place
New Delhi
Date
30th April 2025
Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non-current Assets
a) Property, Plant and Equipment
1,97,162.03
1,92,159.52
b) Capital Work-in-Progress
2.1
73,740.41
57,316.86
c) Goodwill - On Consolidation
1.04
d) Intangible Assets
3,979.10
3,837.23
e) Intangible Assets Under Development
3.1
4,180.87
3,715.56
f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
21,392.04
18,097.00
g) Financial Assets

Investments
35,457.55
37,065.04

ii) Loans
3,223.44
2,586.98

iii) Other Financial Assets
2,336.86
2,360.80
h) Income Tax Assets (Net)
1,589.73
1,827.98
Other Non-Current Assets
6,160.83
4,951.37
3,49,223.90
3,23,919.38
Current Assets
a) Inventories
1,13,878.49
1,21,375.83
b) Financial Assets

Investments
10,368.91
10,379.86

ii) Trade Receivables
18,550.96
13,831.45

iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents
673.17
1,246.59

iv) Bank Balances other than above
2,631.77
1,910.46

v) Loans
628.76
492.94

vi) Other Financial Assets
2,259.46
2,760.99
c) Current Tax Assets
725.05
0.82
d) Other Current Assets
6,414.73
5,212.25
1,56,131.30
1,57,211.19
Assets Held for Sale
1,511.85
1,231.43
1,57,643.15
1,58,442.62
Total Assets
5,06,867.05
4,82,362.00
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity Share Capital
13,771.56
b) Other Equity
1,72,715.76
1,69,644.71
c) Non Controlling Interest
4,537.34
4,746.71
1,91,024.66
1,88,162.98
Liabilities
Non-current Liabilities
a) Financial Liabilities

Borrowings
51,755.75
46,792.90

ii) Lease Liabilities
6,578.65
6,331.99

iii) Other Financial Liabilities
199.43
233.11
b) Provisions
1,406.63
1,414.82
c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
20,664.96
18,960.70
d) Other Non-Current Liabilities
4,622.56
4,061.57
85,227.98
77,795.09
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Consolidated Financial Statements
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Current Liabilities
a) Financial Liabilities

Borrowings
90,804.15
76,660.67

ii) Lease Liabilities
3,132.01
2,842.00

iii) Trade Payables

A. Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
1,422.49
1,423.70
B. Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and Small
Enterprises
59,112.45
58,030.40

iv) Other Financial Liabilities
51,287.99
50,604.91
b) Other Current Liabilities
14,787.63
15,240.85
c) Provisions
10,012.74
10,628.26
d) Current Tax Liabilities
39.97
954.37
2,30,599.43
2,16,385.16
Liabilities directly associated with the Assets Held for Sale
14.98
18.77
2,30,614.41
2,16,403.93
Total Equity and Liabilities
5,06,867.05
4,82,362.00
Material Accounting Policies, Estimates & Judgements
1A & 1B
Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Place : New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025
Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Revenue From Operations
8,59,362.73
8,81,235.45
II. Other Income
3,513.73
3,838.56
III. Total Income (I+II)
8,62,876.46
8,85,074.01
IV. Expenses

Cost of Material Consumed
4,49,812.63
4,46,484.44

Excise Duty
1,01,256.92
1,04,883.60

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
2,07,762.62
1,91,018.86

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-trade and Work-In-Progress
(789.75)
1,290.52

Employee Benefits Expense
10,879.86
11,670.94

Finance Costs
9,261.93
7,825.65

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment on

a) Property, Plant and Equipment
16,448.15
15,603.44

b) Intangible Assets
329.19
262.67
16,777.34
15,866.11

Impairment Loss (including reversal of impairment loss) on Financial Assets
173.27
270.57

Net Loss on de-recognition of financial assets at amortised cost
46.70
3.90

Other Expenses
54,229.94
50,017.56

Total Expenses (IV)
8,49,411.46
8,29,332.15
V. Profit/(Loss) before Share of Profit/(Loss) of Associates and Joint
Ventures, Exceptional Items and Tax (III-IV)
13,465.00
55,741.86
VI. Share of profit/(loss) of associates/ joint ventures
1,760.43
1,545.93
VII. Profit / (Loss) before Exceptional Items and Tax (V+VI)
15,225.43
57,287.79
VIII. Exceptional Items (Refer Note - 48, S.No. 2)
1,838.02
-
IX. Profit / (Loss) before Tax (VII+VIII)
17,063.45
57,287.79
X. Tax Expense

Current Tax
1,700.08
12,895.91

Deferred Tax
1,574.54
1,230.73
XI. Profit / (Loss) for the year (IX-X)
13,788.83
43,161.15

Profit / (Loss) for the Period attributable to:

Equityholders of the Parent
13,597.84
41,729.69

Non-Controlling Interest
190.99
1,431.46
XII. Other Comprehensive Income

A
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(1,633.35)
14,494.12

A
(ii) Income Tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to
(75.53)
(971.85)

B
(i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
905.52
(582.39)

B
(ii) Income Tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
(46.60)
68.12
XIII. Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (XI+XII) (Comprising Profit/
(Loss) and Other Comprehensive Income for the Year)
12,938.87
56,169.15
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (Comprising Profit/ (Loss)
and Other Comprehensive Income for the Year) attributable to:

Equityholders of the Parent
12,735.92
54,709.05

Non-Controlling Interest
202.95
1,460.10
XIV. Earnings per Equity Share (J)

(1) Basic
9.87
30.30

(2) Diluted
9.87
30.30

Face Value Per Equity Share (H)

Material Accounting Policies, Estimates & Judgements
1A & 1B

Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements
Place : New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements
Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
A
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Profit / (Loss) Before Tax
17,063.45
57,287.79
Adjustments for
Share of Profit of Joint Ventures and Associates
(1,760.43)
(1,545.93)
Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment on Property, Plant & Equipment and
Intangible Assets
16,777.34
15,866.11
Loss/ (Profit) on Assets sold or written off (Net)
48.68
(33.29)
Reversal of Impairment Loss
(58.43)
-
Amortisation of Capital Grants
(66.92)
(31.85)
Provision for Probable Contingencies (net)
(10.56)
(38.83)
Fair Value loss/(gain) on financial instruments classified as fair value through profit
and loss
(0.70)
(92.37)
(158.27)
(329.35)
Derecognition of Financial Assets and Advances & Claims written off
72.45
5.25
Provision for Doubtful Advances, Claims and Stores (net)
(49.70)
147.85
Impairment Loss on Financial Assets (Net)
173.27
270.57
Loss/(Gain) on Derivatives
(61.95)
(84.09)
Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans through OCI
78.18
(43.30)
Exchange Loss/ (Gain) on Borrowings and Lease Liabilities
566.45
1,141.55
Interest Income
(1,729.32)
(2,046.09)
Dividend Income
(1,538.79)
(1,198.16)
Finance costs
9,261.93
7,825.65
Amortisation and Remeasurement (Net) of PMUY Assets
(80.05)
(306.35)
21,463.18
19,507.37
Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes (1+2)
38,526.63
76,795.16
Change in Working Capital (excluding Cash & Cash Equivalents)
Trade Receivables & Other Assets
(7,710.26)
2.82
Inventories
7,463.76
(312.28)
Trade Payables & Other Liabilities
(486.80)
6,565.69
Change in Working Capital
(733.30)
6,256.23
Cash Generated From Operations (3+4)
37,793.33
83,051.39
Less : Taxes paid
3,094.05
11,904.98
Net Cash Flow generated from/ (used in) Operating Activities (5-6)
34,699.28
71,146.41
B
Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment
571.65
482.14
Purchase of Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Assets
(5,105.48)
(5,005.85)
Expenditure on Construction Work in Progress
(29,744.46)
(32,169.50)
Proceeds from sale of Investments
6,217.31
5,118.51
Purchase of Other Investments
(7,569.66)
(3,859.10)
Receipt of government grants (Capital Grant)
17.04
1.72
Interest Income received
1,835.93
2,093.52
Dividend Income on Investments
1,929.48
1,827.03
Net Cash Flow generated from/ (used in) Investing Activities
(31,848.19)
(31,511.53)
Cash Flow From Financing Activities
Proceeds from Long-Term Borrowings
28,274.89
1,349.26
Repayments of Long-Term Borrowings
(25,703.52)
(17,336.37)
Payments of Lease Liabilities
(2,970.61)
(2,812.91)
Proceeds from/(Repayments of) Short-Term Borrowings
15,243.04
(1,843.18)
Interest paid
(8,723.21)
(7,768.86)
Dividend paid
(9,545.10)
(10,972.58)
Net Cash Flow generated from/ (used in) Financing Activities
(3,424.51)
(39,384.64)
Net Change in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)
(573.42)
250.24
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Consolidated Financial Statements
Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
E1 Cash & Cash Equivalents as at end of the year
673.17
1,246.59
In Current Account
535.01
954.33
In Fixed Deposit - Maturity within 3 months
45.20
264.58
Bank Balances with Non-Scheduled Banks
84.46
25.40
Cheques, Drafts in hand
7.17
1.31
Cash in Hand, Including Imprest
1.33
0.97
E2 Less: Cash & Cash Equivalents as at the beginning of year
1,246.59
996.35
In Current Account
954.33
615.76
In Fixed Deposit - Maturity within 3 months
264.58
346.51
Bank Balances with Non-Scheduled Banks
25.40
28.12
Cheques, Drafts in hand
1.31
5.41
Cash in Hand, Including Imprest
0.97
0.55
Net Change In Cash & Cash Equivalents (E1 - E2)
(573.42)
250.24
(a) acquisition of assets by way of lease (net of upfront premium)
3831.87
3312.89
(b) unrealised exchange loss/ (gain) on borrowings and lease liabilities
1806.49
881.54
(c) Fair Value and Other Non-Cash Changes
(839.16)
99.25
Notes
1.
Significant non-cash movements in investing and financing activities during the year include:
2.
Statement of Cash Flows is prepared using Indirect Method as per Indian Accounting Standard-7: Statement of Cash Flows.
3.
Trade Payables & Other Liabilities under Change in Working Capital includes impact of the Exceptional Items, amounting to
₹1,838.02 Crore, shown in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
Place : New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year
13,771.56
Changes during the year
-
Balance at the end of the year
13,771.56
Particulars
Reserves and Surplus
Retained
Earnings
Bond
Redemption
Reserve
Capital
Reserve/ Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Securities
Premium
Insurance
Reserve
Corporate
Social
Responsibility
Reserve
Opening Balance as at April 01, 2023
1,07,151.70
1,031.95
428.88
76.74
319.20
0.25
Opening Balance Adjustment
(1.16)
-
Profit/(Loss) for the Year
41,729.69
-
Other Comprehensive Income
(32.28)*
-
Total Comprehensive Income
41,697.41
-
On Consolidation
-
0.09
-
Dividend Distribution Tax Refund
2.46
-
Utilized for Issue of bonus shares including
expenses (net of tax)
-
0.01
-
Appropriation towards Interim Dividend
(6,886.04)
-
Appropriation towards Final Dividend
(4,131.58)
-
Appropriation towards Insurance reserve (Net)
(21.01)
-
21.01
-
Transfer from Bond Redemption Reserve
1,013.20
(1,013.20)
-
Appropriation towards Corporate Social
Responsibility Reserve (net)
0.23
-
(0.23)
Addition to Securities Premium During the year
-
3.20
-
Closing Balance as at March 31, 2024
1,38,825.21
18.75
428.98
79.94
340.21
0.02
Opening Balance Adjustment
93.79
-
Profit/(Loss) for the Year
13,597.84
-
Other Comprehensive Income
60.35*
-
Total Comprehensive Income
13,658.19
-
On Consolidation
(491.90)
-
373.52
-
Appropriation towards Final Dividend
(9,640.28)
-
Appropriation towards Insurance Reserve (Net)
(20.12)
-
20.12
-
Closing Balance as at March 31, 2025
1,42,424.89
18.75
802.50
79.94
360.33
0.02
B. Other Equity
* Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
Sd/-
A. S Sahney
Chairman
DIN-10652030
Sd/-
Anuj Jain
Director (Finance)
DIN-10310088
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/ N500377
Sd/-
Naveen Jain
Partner
M. No. 511596
Sd/-
Amber Jaiswal
Partner
M. No. 550715
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Place : New Delhi
Dated: 30th April 2025
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Items of Other Comrehensive Income
Attributable to
Equityholders of
the Parent
Non-
Controlling
Interest
TOTAL
Fair value of
Equity Instruments
Fair value of Debt
Instruments
Cash Flow
Hedge Reserve
Translation Reserve
on Consolidation
15,069.23
(10.88)
138.67
1,742.94
1,25,948.68
3,494.10
1,29,442.78
-
(1.16)
-
(1.16)
-
41,729.69
1,431.46
43,161.15
13,550.44
6.98
(136.45)
(409.33)
12,979.36
28.64
13,008.00
13,550.44
6.98
(136.45)
(409.33)
54,709.05
1,460.10
56,169.15
-
0.09
-
0.09
-
2.46
-
2.46
-
0.01
-
0.01
-
(6,886.04)
-
(6,886.04)
-
(4,131.58)
(207.49)
(4,339.07)
-
3.20
-
3.20
28,619.67
(3.90)
2.22
1,333.61
1,69,644.71
4,746.71
1,74,391.42
-
93.79
-
93.79
-
13,597.84
190.99
13,788.83
(1,769.93)
65.64
(6.46)
788.48
(861.92)
11.96
(849.96)
(1,769.93)
65.64
(6.46)
788.48
12,735.92
202.95
12,938.87
-
(118.38)
-
(118.38)
-
(9,640.28)
(412.32)
(10,052.60)
-
26,849.74
61.74
(4.24)
2,122.09
1,72,715.76
4,537.34
1,77,253.10
Sd/-
Kamal Kumar Gwalani
Company Secretary
ACS-13737
Sd/-
Narendra Khandal
Partner
M. No. 065025
Sd/-
Nagendranadh Tadikonda
Partner
M. No. 226246
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/ W101061
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/ S200034
Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to Financial Statements for the Year Ended March 31, 2025
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
CORPORATE INFORMATION

The Financial Statements comprise Financial Statements of
"Indian Oil Corporation Limited ( the Holding Company or
IOCL or Parent Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively,
the Group) and its interest in Joint ventures and Associates
for the year ended March 31, 2025.

IOCL is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled
in India. Its shares are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange
and National Stock Exchange in India. The registered office
of the Holding Company is located at Indian Oil Bhavan, G-9,
Ali Yavar Jung Marg, Bandra (East), Mumbai.

The Group has with business interests straddling the
entire hydrocarbon value chain - from refining, pipeline
transportation & marketing, to exploration & production of
crude oil & gas, petrochemicals, gas marketing, alternative
energy sources and globalisation of downstream operations.

The Financial Statements have been approved for issue
in accordance with a resolution of the Board of directors
passed in its meeting held on April 30, 2025.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1.
Basis of Preparation / Consolidation and
Statement of Compliance
1.1 The financial statements have been prepared on accrual
basis and in accordance with the applicable Indian
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under Section
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) read with the
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules and other
relevant provisions of the Act and Rules thereunder, as
amended from time to time.
1.2 The financial statements have been prepared on a historical
cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities
which have been measured at fair value:

-
Derivative financial instruments,

-
Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at
fair value (refer serial no. 16 of accounting policies
regarding financial instruments) and

-
Plan assets related to employee benefits (refer
serial no. 12 of accounting policies regarding
employee benefits)
1.3 The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees
(₹) which is the presentation currency of the Group and
all values are rounded to the nearest Crores (up to two
decimals) except when otherwise indicated.
1.4. Basis of Consolidation
1.4.1 Subsidiaries

The financial statements comprise the financial statements
of the IOCL and its subsidiaries as at March 31, 2025. Control
on the investee is achieved when the Group is exposed, or
has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
investee and has the ability to affect those returns through
its power over the investee. Consolidation of a subsidiary
begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary
and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.
Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary
acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the
Financial Statements from the date the Group gains control
until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Financial Statements are prepared using uniform accounting
policies for like transactions and other events in similar
circumstances. The Financial Statements of all entities
used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to same
reporting date as that of the Parent Company, i.e., year
ended on March 31. Consolidation procedure as defined
in the Ind AS 110 is followed under which the like items of
assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows
of the Parent Company with those of its subsidiaries are
combined, the carrying amount of the Parent Company s
investment in each subsidiary and the Parent Company s
portion of equity of each subsidiary is offset / eliminated
and intragroup assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses
and cash flows relating to transactions between entities of
the Group are eliminated.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive
income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the
Parent Company of the Group and to the non-controlling
interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests
having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities,
equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
transactions between members of the Group are eliminated
in full on consolidation.
1.4.2. Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures

An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant
influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in
the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee
but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby
the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint
control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties
sharing control.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)

The Group s investments in its associate and joint venture
are accounted for using the equity method as per Ind AS
28. Under this method, the investment in an associate or
a joint venture is initially recognized at cost and adjusted
thereafter for changes in the Group s share of net assets
of the associate or joint venture since the acquisition date.
Goodwill relating to the associate or joint venture is included
in the carrying amount of the investment and is not tested
for impairment individually.

The Statement of Profit and Loss reflects the Group s share
of the results of operations of the associate or joint venture
and any change in OCI of those investees is presented
as part of the Group s OCI. Unrealised gains and losses
resulting from transactions between the Group and the
associate or joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the
interest in the associate or joint venture.

If an entity s share of losses of an associate or a joint venture
equal or exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture
(which includes any long term interest that, in substance,
form part of the Group s net investment in the associate or
joint venture), the entity discontinues recognizing its share
of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to
the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or
joint venture. If the associate or joint venture subsequently
reports profits, the entity resumes recognizing its share of
those profits only after its share of the profits equals the
share of losses not recognized.

The financial statements of the associate or joint venture are
prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. When
necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting
policies in line with those of the Group.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines
whether IT is necessary to recognize an impairment loss on its
investments in its associate or joint venture. At each reporting
date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence
that the investment in the associate or joint venture is impaired.
If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of
impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount
of the associate or joint venture and its carrying value, and then
recognizes the loss as Share of profit of an associate and a
joint venture in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
1.4.3 Interest in Joint operations

For the interest in joint operations, the Group recognizes:

-
Assets, including its share of any assets held jointly

-
Liabilities, including its share of any liabilities
incurred jointly

-
Revenue from the sale of its share of the output
arising from the joint operation

-
Share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the
joint operation

-
Expenses, including its share of any expenses
incurred jointly
2.
Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) and
Intangible Assets
2.1. Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
2.1.1 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) are stated in the
Balance Sheet at cost, less any accumulated depreciation
and accumulated impairment losses (if any), except freehold
land which are carried at historical cost.
2.1.2 Technical know-how / license fee relating to plants/
facilities and specific software that are integral part of
the related hardware are capitalized as part of cost of the
underlying asset.
2.1.3 Spare parts are capitalized when they meet the definition of
PPE, i.e., when the Group intends to use these for a period
exceeding 12 months.
2.1.4 Environment responsibility related obligations directly
attributable to projects is recognized as project cost on
the basis of progress of project or on actual incurrence,
whichever is higher.
2.1.5 On transition to Ind AS, the Group has elected to continue
with the carrying value of all of its PPE recognized as at April
1, 2015 measured as per the previous GAAP and use that
carrying value as the deemed cost of PPE.
2.2. Capital Work in Progress (CWIP)
2.2.1 Expenditure incurred on assets under construction
(including a project) is carried at cost under CWIP.
2.2.2. Construction Period Expenses

Revenue expenses exclusively attributable to projects
incurred during construction period are capitalized.

Borrowing cost incurred during construction period on loans
specifically borrowed and utilized for projects is capitalized
on quarterly basis up to the date of capitalization.

Borrowing cost, if any, incurred on General Borrowings used
for projects is capitalized at the weighted average cost of all
borrowings other than those mentioned above. The amount
of such borrowings is determined on quarterly basis after
setting off the amount of internal accruals.
2.2.3. Capital Stores

Capital Stores are valued at weighted average cost.
Specific provision is made for likely diminution in value,
wherever required.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
2.3. Intangible Assets & Amortisation
2.3.1 Technical know-how / license fee relating to production
process and process design are recognized as Intangible
Assets and amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of
the underlying plant/ facility.
2.3.2 Expenditure incurred in research phase is charged to
revenue and that in development phase, unless IT is of
capital nature, is also charged to revenue.
2.3.3 Cost incurred on computer software/licenses purchased/
developed resulting in future economic benefits, other
than specific software that are integral part of the
related hardware, are capitalized as Intangible Asset and
amortised over a period of three years beginning from the
month in which such software/ licenses are capitalized.
However, where such computer software/ license is
under development or is not yet ready for its intended use,
accumulated cost incurred on such items are accounted as
Intangible Assets Under Development
2.3.4 Right of ways with indefinite useful lives are not amortised
but tested for impairment annually at the cash-generating
unit level. The assessment of indefinite life is reviewed
annually to determine whether the indefinite life continues
to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from
indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.
2.3.5 Intangible Assets acquired are as per Petroleum and
Minerals Pipelines Act, 1962, measured on initial recognition
at cost. The cost of Intangible Assets acquired in a business
combination is based on its fair value at the date of
acquisition. Following initial recognition, Intangible Assets
are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation
and accumulated impairment losses. In case of internally
generated intangibles, development cost is recognized as
an asset when all the recognition criteria are met.
2.3.6 Intangible Assets are amortised over the useful life on
straight line basis and assessed for impairment whenever
there is an indication that the intangible asset may be
impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
method for an intangible asset are reviewed at the end of
each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life
or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic
benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify
the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and
are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The
amortisation expense on Intangible Assets is recognized in
the Statement of Profit and Loss unless such expenditure
forms part of carrying value of another asset.
2.3.7 On transition to Ind AS, the Group has elected to continue
with the carrying value of all of its Intangible Assets
recognized as at April 1, 2015 measured as per the previous
GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed cost of the
Intangible Assets.
2.3.8 Amortisation is charged pro-rata on monthly basis on
assets, from/upto the month of capitalization/ sale, disposal
or classified to Asset held for disposal.
2.4. Depreciation
2.4.1 Cost of PPE (net of residual value) excluding freehold land
is depreciated on straight-line method as per the useful life
prescribed in Schedule II to the Act except in case of the
following assets:

Useful life based on technical assessment

N
15 years for Plant and Equipment relating to Retail
Outlets (other than storage tanks and related
equipment), LPG cylinders and pressure regulators

N
10 years for Dispensing Unit

N
25 years for solar power plant

N
Certain assets of R&D Centre (15-25 years)

N
Certain assets of CGD business, (Compressor /
Booster Compressor and Dispenser - 10 years,
Cascade - 20 years)

N
Moulds used for the manufacturing of the
packaging material for Lubricants- 5 years

N
In other cases, like Spare Parts etc. (2-30 years)

In case of specific agreements e.g., enabling assets
etc., useful life as per agreement or Schedule II to the
Act, whichever is lower.

In case of immovable assets constructed on leasehold
land, useful life as per Schedule-II to the Act or lease
period of land (considering renewable / likely renewable
period over and above the contractual lease period
considered for the leases), whichever is lower, and.

In case where useful life is mandated as per other
relevant statute or any of the regulation.

The Group depreciates components of the main asset
that are significant in value and have different useful lives
as compared to the main asset separately. The Group
depreciates spares over the life of the spare from the date IT
is available for use.
2.4.2 Depreciation is charged pro-rata on monthly basis on assets,
from/up to the month of capitalization/ sale, disposal/ or
classified to Asset held for disposal.
2.4.3 Residual value is determined considering past experience
and generally the same is between 0 to 5% of cost
of assets except

In case of Steel LPG cylinder and pressure regulator,
residual value is considered at 25% and in case of fibre
composite LPG cylinder, residual value is considered
at 10% based on estimated realisable value
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

in case of catalyst with noble metal content,
residual value is considered based on the cost of
metal content and

In few cases residual value is considered based on
transfer value agreed in respective agreement.
2.4.4 PPE, other than LPG Cylinders and Pressure Regulators,
costing up to ₹5,000/- per item are depreciated fully in
the year of capitalization. Further, spares, components
like catalyst excluding noble metal content and major
overhaul/ inspection are also depreciated fully over their
respective useful life.
2.4.5 The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation
of PPE are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted
prospectively, if appropriate.
3.
Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a
contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
a period of time in exchange for consideration.
3.1 Leases as Lessee (Assets taken on lease)

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement
approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease
liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
representing the right to use the underlying assets.
3.1.1. Lease Liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group
recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value
of lease payments to be made over the contractual lease
term, for which enforceable rights is available. In calculating
the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the
incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
determinable. After the commencement date, the amount
of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
interest and reduced for the lease payments made.
3.1.2. Right-of-use Assets

The Group recognizes right-of-use (ROU) assets at the
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured
at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
Perpetual Right of use (ROU) assets related to land are not
depreciated but tested for Impairment loss, if any.
3.1.3 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition
exemption to its short-term leases of Property, Plant and
Equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of
12 months or less from the commencement date and do
not contain a purchase option). IT also applies the lease of
low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are
considered of low value and is not intended for sublease.
Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-
value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term or another systematic basis
if that basis is more representative of the pattern of the
lessee s benefit.
3.2 Leases as Lessor (assets given on lease)
3.2.1 When the Group acts as lessor, IT determines at the
commencement of the lease whether IT is a finance lease
or an operating lease. Rental income from operating lease
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
relevant lease except where another systematic basis
is more representative of the time pattern of the benefit
derived from the asset given on lease. All assets given on
finance lease are shown as receivables at an amount equal
to net investment in the lease. Principal component of the
lease receipts is adjusted against outstanding receivables
and interest income is accounted by applying the interest
rate implicit in the lease to the net investment.
3.2.2 When the Group is an intermediate lessor IT accounts for
its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately.
IT assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with
reference to the ROU asset arising from the head lease, not
with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a
short-term lease to which the Group applies the short-term
lease exemption described above, then IT classifies the sub-
lease as an operating lease.
4.
Impairment of Non-Financial Assets (Also refer
para 14 for impairment of E&P Assets)

The Group assesses at each reporting date, whether
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If
any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing
for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset s
recoverable amount. An asset s recoverable amount is the
higher of an assets or cash-generating unit s (CGU) fair
value less cost of disposal and its value in use. Impairment
loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds recoverable amount.

In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
In determining fair value less cost of disposal, recent market
transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions
can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.
These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples,
quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or other
available fair value indicators.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Group bases its impairment calculation on detailed
budgets and forecast calculations, which are prepared
separately for each of the Group's CGUs to which the
individual assets are allocated. These budgets and forecast
calculations generally cover a period of 15 years. For longer
periods, a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to
project future cash flows after the fifteenth year. To estimate
cash flow projections beyond periods covered by the
most recent budgets/forecasts, Group extrapolates cash
flow projections in the budget using a steady or declining
growth rate for subsequent years, unless an increasing rate
can be justified.
5.
Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition or
construction of the qualifying asset are capitalized as part
of the cost of such asset. Capitalization of borrowing costs is
suspended when active development activity on the qualifying
assets is interrupted other than on temporary basis and charged
to the Statement of Profit and Loss during such extended periods.
All other borrowing costs are recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss in the period in which the same are incurred.
6.
Foreign Currency Transactions/ Translation
6.1 Transactions in currencies other than the respective group
entities functional currencies (foreign currencies) are
initially recorded at spot exchange rates prevailing on the
date of transactions.
6.2 Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies (such
as cash, receivables, payables etc.) outstanding at the
end of reporting period, are translated at exchange rates
prevailing on that date.
6.3 Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currency,
(such as PPE, intangible assets, equity investments, capital/
revenue advances other than expected to be settled in cash
etc.) are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date
of the transaction, other than those measured at fair value.

Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair
value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of
non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with
the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of
the item (i.e., translation differences on items whose fair value
gain or loss is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
or the Statement of Profit and Loss are also recognized in OCI or
the Statement of Profit and Loss, respectively).
6.4 Any gains or losses arising due to differences in exchange
rates at the time of translation or settlement are accounted
for in the Statement of Profit and Loss either under the head
foreign exchange fluctuation or interest cost to the extent
regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs as the case
may be, except those relating to loans mentioned below.

Exchange differences on long-term foreign currency loans
obtained or re-financed on or before March 31, 2016,
relating to acquisition of depreciable assets are adjusted
to the carrying cost of the assets and depreciated over the
balance life of the assets.
6.5 Exchange differences arising on monetary items that forms
part of a reporting entity s net investment in a foreign
operation are recognized in profit or loss in the separate
financial statements of the reporting entity or the individual
financial statements of the foreign operation, as appropriate.
In the financial statements that include the foreign operation
and the reporting entity (e.g., consolidated financial
statements when the foreign operation is a subsidiary),
such exchange differences are recognized initially in OCI.
These exchange differences are reclassified from equity to
profit or loss on disposal of the net investment.

On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign
operations are translated into INR at the rate of exchange
prevailing at the reporting date and their statements of profit
or loss are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. For practical reasons, the Group uses an
average rate to translate income and expense items, if the
average rate approximates the exchange rates at the dates
of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on
translation for consolidation are recognized in OCI. On disposal
of a foreign operation, the component of OCI relating to that
particular foreign operation is recognized in profit or loss.

Any
goodwill
arising
acquisition/
business
combination of a foreign operation on or after April 1, 2013,
and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as
assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated
at the spot rate of exchange at the reporting date.
7.
Inventories
7.1. Raw Materials & Work in Progress
7.1.1 Raw materials including crude oil are valued at cost
determined on weighted average basis or net realisable
value, whichever is lower. Work in Progress is valued at
raw material cost plus processing cost as applicable or net
realisable value, whichever is lower. Crude oil in Transit is
valued at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower.
7.1.2 Initial cost of inventories includes the transfer of gains and
losses on qualifying cash flow hedges, recognized in OCI, in
respect of the purchases of raw materials.
7.2. Finished Products and Stock in Trade
7.2.1 Finished Products and Stock in Trade, other than lubricants,
are valued at cost determined on First in First Out basis
or net realisable value, whichever is lower. Cost of Finished
Products produced internally is determined based on raw
material cost and processing cost.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
7.2.2 Lubricants are valued at cost on weighted average basis or
net realisable value, whichever is lower. Cost of lubricants
internally produced is determined based on cost of inputs
and processing cost.
7.2.3 Imported products in transit are valued at cost or net
realisable value whichever is lower.
7.3. Stores and Spares
7.3.1 Stores and Spares (including Chemicals. packing Containers
i.e., empty barrels, tins etc.) are valued at weighted average
cost. Specific provision is made in respect of identified
obsolete stores & spares and chemicals for likely diminution
in value. Further, a provision @ 5% of cost is also made on
the balance stores and spares (excluding barrels, tins, stores
in transit, chemicals/catalysts, crude oil and own products)
towards likely diminution in the value.
7.3.2 Stores and Spares in transit are valued at cost.
8.
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities & Contingent
Assets
8.1. Provisions

Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, IT
is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
8.2. Decommissioning Liability

Decommissioning costs are provided at the present value
of expected cost to settle the obligation using estimated
cash flows and are recognized as part of the cost of the
particular asset. The cash flows are discounted at a
current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the
decommissioning liability. The unwinding of the discount is
expensed as incurred and recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as a finance cost. The estimated future cost
of decommissioning is reviewed annually and adjusted as
appropriate. Changes in the estimated future cost or in the
discount rate applied are adjusted in the cost of the asset.
8.3. Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
8.3.1 Show-cause notices issued by various Government
Authorities are generally not considered as obligations.
When the demand notices are raised against such show
cause notices and are disputed by the Group, these are
classified as disputed obligations.
8.3.2 The treatment in respect of disputed obligations is as under:

a provision is recognized in respect of present
obligations where the outflow of resources is probable
as per 8.1 above.

all other cases are disclosed as contingent liabilities
unless the possibility of outflow of resources is remote.
8.3.3 A Contingent Asset is disclosed where an inflow of economic
benefits is probable.
8.3.4 Contingent liabilities/assets are disclosed on the basis of
judgment of the management/independent experts and
reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to reflect the current
management estimate.
9.
Revenue

Revenue from Contracts with Customers
9.1 Revenue is recognized when control of the goods or services
are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services.

The Group has generally concluded that IT is the principal
in its revenue arrangements, except a few agency services,
because IT typically controls the goods or services before
transferring them to the customer.

The Group considers whether there are other promises in the
contract that are separate performance obligations to which
a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated (e.g.,
customer loyalty points). In determining the transaction price
for the sale of products, the Group considers the effects of
variable consideration, the existence of significant financing
components, non-cash consideration and consideration
payable to the customer (if any).
9.2 Revenue from the sale of petroleum products, petrochemical
products, Crude and gas are recognized at a point in
time, generally upon delivery of the products. The Group
recognizes revenue over time using input method (on the
basis of time elapsed) in case of non-refundable deposits
from dealers and service contracts. In case of construction
contracts, revenue and cost are recognized by measuring
the contract progress using input method by comparing the
cost incurred and total contract cost.
9.3 The Group has assumed that recovery of excise duty flows
to the Group on its own account. This is for the reason that IT
is a liability of the manufacturer which forms part of the cost
of production, irrespective of whether the goods are sold or
not. Since the recovery of excise duty flows to the Group on
its own account, revenue includes excise duty.

However, Sales Tax/ Goods and Services Tax (GST) and
Value Added Tax (VAT) is not received by the Group on
its own account. Rather, IT is tax collected on value added
to the product by the seller on behalf of the government.
Accordingly, IT is excluded from revenue.
9.4. Variable consideration

The Group provides volume rebates to certain customers
once the quantity of products purchased during the period
exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates are
offset against amounts payable by the customer. The volume
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
rebates/ cash discount give rise to variable consideration.
To estimate the variable consideration for the expected
future rebates/ cash discount, the Group applies the most
likely amount method for contracts with a single-volume
threshold and the expected value method for contracts
with more than one volume threshold. The selected method
that best predicts the amount of variable consideration
is primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds
contained in the contract and accordingly, the Group
recognizes a refund liability for the expected future rebates
with suitable adjustments in revenue from operations.
9.5. Loyalty Points

The Group operates various loyalty point schemes. The
transaction price allocated to customer loyalty points is
based on their relative estimated standalone selling price
and the same is reduced from revenue from sale of goods.
While estimating standalone selling price of customer
loyalty points, the likelihood of exercising the option is
adjusted. Wherever the Group is acting as an agent in this
arrangement, the Group recognize the revenue on net basis.
10. Excise Duty

Excise duty is accounted on the basis of both, payments
made in respect of goods cleared as also provision made
for goods lying in stock. Value of stock includes excise duty
payable / paid on finished goods wherever applicable.
11. Taxes on Income
11.1. Current Income Tax

The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the current tax
amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted,
at the reporting date in the countries where the Group
operates and generates taxable income.

Current income tax relating to items recognized outside
profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss (either in
other comprehensive income or in equity). Management
periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with
respect to applicable tax regulations which are subject to
interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
11.2. Deferred Tax
11.2.1 Deferred tax is provided using the Balance Sheet method on
temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax liabilities are
recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial
recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
transaction that is not a business combination and,
at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;

(b) in respect of taxable temporary differences associated
with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
interests in joint ventures, when the timing of the
reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled
and IT is probable that the temporary differences will
not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible
temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax
credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets
are recognized to the extent that IT is probable that
taxable profit will be available in future against which the
deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward
of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be
utilized, except:

when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible
temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not
a business combination and, at the time of the
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit or
loss nor taxable profit or loss.

In respect of deductible temporary differences
associated
investments
subsidiaries,
associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred
tax assets are recognized only to the extent that IT is
probable that the temporary differences will reverse
in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be
available against which the temporary differences
can be utilized.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on tax
rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted at the reporting date.
11.2.2 Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit
or loss is recognized outside profit or loss (either in other
comprehensive income or in equity).
12. Employee Benefits
12.1. Short Term Benefits

Short Term Employee Benefits are accounted for in the
Statement of Profit and Loss for the period during which the
services have been rendered.
12.2. Post-Employment Benefits and Other Long Term
Employee Benefits

The Group s contribution to the Provident Fund
is remitted to separate trusts established for this
purpose based on a fixed percentage of the eligible
employee s salary and charged to the Statement of
Profit and Loss/CWIP. Shortfall, if any, in the fund
assets, based on the Government specified minimum
rate of return, is made good by the Group and charged
to the Statement of Profit and Loss/CWIP.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Group operates defined benefit plans for Gratuity,
Post-Retirement
Medical
Benefits,
Resettlement,
Felicitation Scheme and Ex-gratia. The cost of
providing such defined benefits is determined using
the projected unit credit method of actuarial valuation
made at the end of the year. Out of these plans,
Gratuity and Post-Retirement Medical Benefits are
administered through respective Trusts.

Obligations on other long-term employee benefits
viz leave encashment and Long Service Awards are
provided using the projected unit credit method of
actuarial valuation made at the end of the year. Out of
these obligations, leave encashment obligations are
funded through qualifying insurance policies made
with insurance companies.

The Group also operates a defined contribution
scheme for Pension benefits for its employees
and the contribution is remitted to a separate
Trust/Corporate NPS.
12.3. Remeasurements

Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and
losses and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts
included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability),
are recognized immediately in the Balance Sheet with a
corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in the period in which
IT occurs. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or
loss in subsequent periods. Remeasurements in respect of
other long term benefits are recognized in the Statement of
13. Grants
13.1. Grant relating to Assets (Capital Grants)

In case of grants relating to depreciable assets, the cost
of the asset is shown at gross value and grant thereon is
treated as Deferred Income which are recognized as "Other
Operating Revenues" usually in the Statement of Profit
and Loss over the period and in the proportion in which
depreciation is charged.
13.2. Grant related to Income (Revenue Grants)

Revenue grants are recognized in the Statement of Profit
and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
the entity recognizes as expenses the related cost for which
the grants are intended to compensate.

Subsidy and budgetary support towards under recoveries
are recognized in Revenue from Operations as per
schemes notified by Government from time to time, subject
to final adjustments, wherever applicable.

Revenue grants are generally recorded under Other
Operating Revenues , except northeast excise duty
exemption which is netted off with the related expense.
13.3 When loans or similar assistance are provided by
governments or related institutions, with an interest rate
below the current applicable market rate or NIL interest
rate, the effect of this favourable interest is regarded as
a government grant. The loan or assistance is initially
recognized and measured at fair value and the government
grant is measured as the difference between the initial
carrying value of the loan and the proceeds received. The
loan is subsequently measured as per the accounting policy
applicable to financial liabilities. Classification of the grant is
made considering the terms and condition of the grant i.e.,
whether grants relate to assets or otherwise.
14. Oil & Gas Exploration Activities
14.1. Pre-acquisition Cost

Expenditure incurred before obtaining the right(s) to
explore, develop and produce oil and gas are expensed as
and when incurred.
14.2. Exploration Stage

Acquisition cost relating to projects under exploration
are initially accounted as Intangible Assets under
Development . The expenses on oil and gas assets that is
classified as intangible includes acquired rights to explore
and exploratory drilling cost.

Cost of Survey and prospecting activities conducted in the
search of oil and gas are expensed as exploration cost in the
year in which these are incurred.

If the project is not viable based upon technical feasibility
and commercial viability study, then all cost relating to
Exploratory Wells are expensed in the year when determined
to be dry. If the project is proved to be viable, then all cost
relating to drilling of Exploratory Wells shall be continued to
be presented as Intangible Assets under Development .
14.3. Development Stage

Acquisition cost relating to projects under development
stage are presented as Capital Work-in-Progress . When
a well is ready to commence commercial production, the
capitalized cost corresponding to proved developed oil and
gas reserves is reclassified as Completed wells/ Producing
wells from Capital Work-in-Progress/ Intangible Assets
under Development to the gross block of assets. Examples
of Oil and Gas assets that might be classified as Tangible
Assets include development drilling cost, piping and pumps
and producing wells.
14.4. Production Phase

Production cost include pre-well head and post-well head
expenses including depreciation and applicable operating
costs of support equipment and facilities are expensed off.

Depletion is calculated using the Unit of Production method
based upon proved and developed reserves.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
14.5. Abandonment Phase

In case of development / production phase, abandonment
/ decommissioning amount is recognized at the present
value of the estimated future expenditure. Any change
in the present value of the estimated decommissioning
expenditure other than the unwinding of discount is adjusted
to the decommissioning provision and the carrying value
of the corresponding asset. The unwinding of discount on
provision is charged in the Statement of Profit and Loss
as finance costs.
14.6. Impairment of E&P Assets
14.6.1 Impairment testing in case of Development and
producing assets

In case of E&P related development and producing assets,
expected future cash flows are estimated using management s
best estimate of future oil and natural gas prices, production
volumes, proved & probable reserves volumes and discount
rate. The expected future cash flows are estimated on the
basis of value in use concept. The value in use is based on the
cash flows expected to be generated by the projected oil or gas
production profiles up to the expected dates of cessation of
production of each producing field, based on current estimates
of proved and probable reserves and on reasonable &
supportable fiscal assumptions that represent management s
best estimate of the range of economic conditions that will
exist over the remaining useful life of the asset. Management
takes a long-term view of the range of economic conditions
over the remaining useful life of the asset and, are not based on
the relatively short-term changes in the economic conditions.
However, impairment of exploration and evaluation assets is to
be done in line with para 14.6.2.
14.6.2 Impairment in case of Exploration and Evaluation assets

Exploration and Evaluation assets are tested for impairment
where an indicator for impairment exists. In such cases, while
calculating recoverable amount, in addition to the factors
mentioned in 14.6.1, management s best estimate of total
current reserves and resources are considered (including
possible and contingent reserve) after appropriately
adjusting the associated inherent risks. Impairment loss
is reversed subsequently, to the extent that conditions for
impairment are no longer present.
14.6.3. Cash Generating Unit

In case of E&P assets, the Group generally considers a
project as cash generating unit. However, in case where the
multiple fields are using common production/transportation
facilities and are sufficiently economically interdependent
the same are considered to constitute a single cash
generating unit.
14.7 The Group accounts for jointly owned oil and gas assets, in
which IT is non-operator and holds only participating interest,
based on the accounting estimates and judgements
adopted by operator of the assets.
15. Current Versus Non-Current Classification

The Group uses twelve months period for determining
current and non-current classification of assets and
liabilities in the balance sheet.
16. Financial Instruments
16.1. Financial Assets

Initial recognition and measurement

All Financial Assets are recognized initially at fair value plus,
in the case of Financial Assets not recorded at fair value
through profit or loss, transaction cost that are attributable
to the acquisition of the financial assets. However, trade
receivables that do not contain a significant financing
component are measured at transaction price. Transaction
assets measured at fair value through profit or loss are

Subsequent measurement

For the purpose of subsequent measurement, Financial
Assets are classified in four categories:

N
Financial Assets at amortised cost

N
Debt Instruments at fair value through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)

N
Equity Instruments at fair value through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)

N
Financial Assets and derivatives at fair value through
profit or loss (FVTPL)
16.1.1. Financial Assets at Amortised Cost

A Financial Asset is measured at the amortised cost if both
the following conditions are met:

The asset is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual
cash flows, and

Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal
amount outstanding.

Financial Assets are subsequently measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any
discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is
included in finance income in the profit or loss. The losses
arising from impairment are recognized in the profit or loss.
Apart from the same, any income or expense arising from
remeasurement of financial assets measured at amortised
cost, in accordance with Ind AS 109, is recognized in the
Statement of Profit and Loss. This category generally
applies to trade and other receivables.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
16.1.2. Debt Instrument at FVTOCI

A Debt Instrument is classified as at the FVTOCI if both of
the following criteria are met:

The objective of the business model is achieved both
by collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
Financial Assets, and

The asset s contractual cash flows represent solely
payments of principal and interest (SPPI).

Debt Instruments included within the FVTOCI category
are measured initially as well as at each reporting date
at fair value. Fair Value movements are recognized in the
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). However, the Group
recognizes interest income, impairment losses & reversals
and foreign exchange gain or loss in the Statement of Profit
and Loss. On derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or
loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified from the
equity to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest earned
whilst holding FVTOCI Debt Instrument is reported as
interest income using the EIR method.
16.1.3. Equity Instrument

Share Warrants in Joint Ventures at FVTOCI

Investments in Share Warrants of Joint Ventures are
measured at fair value and the Group has made an
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes in
the fair value in Other Comprehensive Income.

Equity Instrument in other entities at FVTOCI

All such equity investments are measured at fair value
and the Group has made an irrevocable election to
present subsequent changes in the fair value in Other
Comprehensive Income. There is no recycling of the
amounts from OCI to the Statement of Profit and Loss,
even on sale of investment.

Dividend income is recognized in the Statement
of Profit and Loss when the Group s right to receive
dividend is established.
16.1.4. Debt Instruments and Derivatives at FVTPL

FVTPL is a residual category for Debt Instrument. Any
debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for
categorization as at amortised cost or as FVTOCI, is
classified as at FVTPL.

This category also includes derivative financial instruments
entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging
instruments in hedge relationships as defined by Ind AS
109. Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category
are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in
the Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest income on such
instruments has been presented under interest income.
16.1.5. Impairment of Financial Assets

The Group applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for
measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the
Financial Assets that are measured at amortised cost
e.g., loans, debt securities, deposits, trade receivables and
bank balance. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal)
recognized during the period is recognized as expense /
income/ in the Statement of Profit and Loss. In the Balance
Sheet, ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral
part of the measurement of those assets in the Balance
Sheet. The allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until
the asset meets write-off criteria, the Group does not reduce
impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount.

Simplified Approach

The Group follows simplified approach for recognition
of impairment loss allowance on Trade Receivables. The
application of simplified approach does not require the
Group to track changes in credit risk. Rather, IT recognizes
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each
reporting date, right from its initial recognition.

As a practical expedient, the Group uses a provision matrix
to determine impairment loss allowance on portfolio of
its trade receivables. The provision matrix is based on its
historically observed default rates over the expected life of
the trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking
estimates. At every reporting date, the historical observed
default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking
estimates are analysed. On that basis, the Group estimates
provision on trade receivables at the reporting date.

General Approach

For recognition of impairment loss on other Financial
Assets, the Group determines that whether there has been a
significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition.
If credit risk has not increased significantly, 12-months ECL
is used to provide for impairment loss. However, if credit
risk has increased significantly, lifetime ECL is used. If, in a
subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves
such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk
since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognizing
impairment loss allowance based on 12-months ECL.

Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses resulting from all
possible default events over the expected life of a financial
instrument. The 12-months ECL is a portion of the lifetime
ECL which results from default events that are possible
within 12 months after the reporting date.
16.2. Financial Liabilities
16.2.1 Initial recognition and measurement.

All Financial Liabilities are recognized initially at fair value
and, in the case of liabilities subsequently measured
at amortised cost, they are measured net of directly
attributable transaction cost. In case of Financial Liabilities
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

measured at fair value through profit or loss, transaction
liabilities are recognized immediately in the Statement of

The Group s Financial Liabilities include trade and
other payables, loans and borrowings and derivative
financial instruments.
16.2.2. Subsequent measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their
classification, as described below:

include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at
fair value through Statement of Profit or Loss. This
category also includes derivative financial instruments
entered into by the Group that are not designated
as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as
defined by Ind AS 109.

Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Financial Liabilities at amortised cost

Financial Liabilities that are not held-for-trading and
are not designated as at FVTPL are measured at
amortised cost at the end of subsequent accounting
periods. The carrying amounts of financial liabilities
that are subsequently measured at amortised cost are
determined based on the effective interest method.
Gains and losses are recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss when the liabilities are derecognized
as well as through the EIR amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account
any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR
amortisation is included as finance costs in the

Financial Guarantee Contracts

Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are
those contracts that require a payment to be made to
reimburse the holder for a loss IT incurs because the
specified debtor fails to make the payment when due
in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantee contracts are recognized initially
as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction cost
that are directly attributable to the issuance of the
guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at
the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined
as per impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 and the
amount initially recognized less cumulative income
recognized in accordance with principles of Ind AS 115.
16.3. Derivative Instrument- Initial recognition / subsequent

Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized
at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is
entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value.
The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value of
derivatives depends on the designation or non- designation
of derivative as hedging instruments. Derivatives are carried
as Financial Assets when the fair value is positive and as
financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
16.3.1 Derivative that are designated as Hedge Instrument

The Group generally designates the whole contract as
hedging instruments and these hedges are accounted
for as cash flow hedges. At the inception of a hedge
relationship, the Group documents the hedge relationship
to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the
risk management objective, strategy for undertaking the
hedge, the hedging/ economic relationship, the hedged item
or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged, hedge
ratio and how the entity will assess the effectiveness of
changes in the hedging instrument s fair value in offsetting
the exposure to changes in the hedged item s fair value or
cash flows attributable to the hedged risk.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of these
derivatives is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income
and accumulated under the heading Cash Flow Hedge
Reserve within Equity. The fair value changes relating
to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in
the Statement of Profit and Loss. Amounts previously
recognized in OCI and accumulated in equity relating to
effective portion are reclassified to Statement of Profit and
Loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit
or loss, in the same line item as the recognized hedged
item or treated as basis adjustment if a hedged forecast
transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-
financial asset or non-financial liability. When a forecasted
transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative
gain or loss accumulated in equity is transferred to the
16.3.2 Derivatives that are not designated as Hedge Instrument

The Group enters into certain derivative contracts to hedge
risks which are not designated as hedges. Such contracts
are accounted for at fair value through the Statement
of Profit and Loss and are included in the Other Income
or Other Expenses as Gain on Derivatives or Loss on
Derivatives respectively.
17. Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents in the Balance Sheet comprise
cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an
original maturity of three months or less, which are subject
to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank overdraft
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(negative balance in Account) is shown under short term
borrowings under Financial Liabilities & Positive balance in
that account is shown in Cash & Cash Equivalents.
18. Treasury Shares

Pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation, IOC Shares
Trust has been set up by IOCL for holding treasury shares
in relation to IBP and BRPL mergers. The shares held by IOC
Shares Trust are treated as treasury shares.

Own equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury
shares) are recognized at cost and deducted from equity.
No gain or loss is recognized in the Statement of Profit
and Loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
Group s own equity instruments.
19. Business Combinations and Goodwill
19.1 In accordance with Ind AS 101 provisions related to first
time adoption, the Group has elected to apply Ind AS
accounting for business combinations prospectively from
1 April 2013. As such, Indian GAAP balances relating to
business combinations entered into before that date,
including goodwill, have been carried forward with minimal
adjustment. The same first-time adoption exemption is also
used for associates and joint ventures.
19.2 Business combinations are accounted for using the
acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured
as the aggregate of the consideration transferred measured
at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business
combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the
proportionate share of the acquiree s identifiable net assets.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired,
and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their
acquisition date fair values. For this purpose, the liabilities
assumed include contingent liabilities representing present
obligation and they are measured at their acquisition fair
values irrespective of the fact that outflow of resources
embodying economic benefits is not probable. However,
Deferred tax assets or liabilities, assets or liabilities related
to employee benefit arrangements, Liabilities or equity
instruments related to share-based payment arrangements
of the acquiree / share-based payments arrangements of
the Group entered into to replace payment arrangements
of the acquiree and Assets (or disposal groups) classified
as held for sale are accounted for in accordance with the
respective Ind AS

If the business combination is achieved in stages, any
previously held equity interest is re-measured at its
acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is
recognized in profit or loss or OCI, as appropriate.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the
acquirer is recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.
Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability
that is a financial instrument and within the scope of Ind
AS 109 Financial Instruments, is measured at fair value with
changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. Otherwise,
IT is measured in accordance with the appropriate Ind AS
and Contingent consideration that is classified as equity
is not re-measured at subsequent reporting dates and
subsequent its settlement is accounted for within equity.
19.3 Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the
aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount
recognized for non-controlling interests, and any previous
interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired
is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the
Group re-assesses whether IT has correctly identified all of
the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and
reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be
recognized at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still
results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired
over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain
is recognized in OCI and accumulated in equity as Capital
Reserve. However, if there is no clear evidence of bargain
purchase, the entity recognizes the gain directly in equity as
capital reserve, without routing the same through OCI.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less
any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose
of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
combination isallocated to each of the Group s cash-
generating units that are expected to benefit from the
combination, irrespective of whether other assets or
liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units. A
cash generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated
is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when
there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the
recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is less than
its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated
to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata
based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any
impairment loss for goodwill is recognized in profit or loss
and same is not reversed in subsequent periods.
20. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST

Non-controlling interest represent the proportion of
income, other comprehensive income and net assets in
subsidiaries that is not attributable to the Parent Company's
shareholders. Non-controlling interest is initially measured
at the proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the
acquiree s identifiable net assets. Subsequent to acquisition,
the carrying amount of non-controlling interest is the
amount of the interest at initial recognition plus the non-
controlling interests share of subsequent changes in equity.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
III. NEW
STANDARDS/
AMENDMENTS
AND
OTHER CHANGES EFFECTIVE APRIL 1,2024 OR
THEREAFTER

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 to
notify new standards or amend the existing standards and
the such notifications during the Financial Year 2024-25
are as follows:

N
Vide Notification G.S.R. 492 (E) dated 12th August
2024, in which Ind AS 104 on Insurance Contract was
omitted and the new Indian Accounting Standard (Ind
AS) 117 on Insurance Contracts has been notified.
Insurance contract is defined by the Ind AS 117
as A contract under which one party (the issuer)
accepts significant insurance risk from another party
(the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the
policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the
insured event) adversely affects the policyholder. . The
Group does not have any contract falling under the
definition of Insurance contract and hence impact of
the new Ind AS is not material.

N
Vide Notification G.S.R. 554(E) dated 9th September
2024, amendments have been made in Indian
Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 116 on Leases with
reference to the Sale and Lease back transactions.
These transactions are where an entity (the seller-
lessee) transfers an asset to another entity (the
buyer-lessor) and leases that asset back from the
buyer-lessor. The Group does not have any contract
falling under the category of Sale and Lease back
transactions and hence the impact of the amendment
is not material.

N
Vide Notification G.S.R. 602(E) dated 28th September
2024, amendments have been made to enable
insurer or insurance company to provide its financial
statement as per Ind AS 104 for the purposes of
consolidated financial statements by its parent or
investor or venturer till the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority notifies the Ind AS 117 and to
revive Ind AS 104 for this purpose.

As the Group is not an insurer or and insurance
company the amendment does not have any
material impact.
IV. NEW STANDARDS/ AMENDMENTS ISSUED BUT
NOT YET EFFECTIVE

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015
to notify new standards or amend the existing standards.
During the year no new standard or modification in existing
standard has been notified which will be applicable from
April 1, 2025, or thereafter.
NOTE-1A: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The preparation of the Group s financial statements requires
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets
and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the
disclosure of contingent liabilities. These include recognition
and measurement of financial instruments, estimates of useful
lives and residual value of Property, Plant and Equipment and
intangible assets, valuation of inventories, measurement of
recoverable amounts of cash-generating units, measurement of
employee benefits, actuarial assumptions, provisions etc.
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result
in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying
amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods. The
Group continually evaluates these estimates and assumptions
based on the most recently available information. Revisions
to accounting estimates are recognized prospectively in the
Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the estimates
are revised and in any future periods affected.
A. JUDGEMENTS

In the process of applying the Group s accounting policies,
management has made the following judgements, which
have the significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
consolidated financial statements:

Materiality

Ind AS requires assessment of materiality for accounting
and disclosure of various transactions in the financial
statements. Accordingly, the Group assesses materiality
limits for various items for accounting and disclosures
and follows on a consistent basis. Overall materiality is
also assessed based on various financial parameters
such as Gross Block of assets, Net Block of Assets, Total
Assets, Revenue and Profit Before Tax. The materiality
limits are reviewed and approved by the Board of the
Holding Company.

Oil & Gas Reserves

The determination of the group's estimated oil reserves
requires significant judgements and estimates to be applied
and these are regularly reviewed and updated. Reserves
are estimated using independent reservoir engineering
reports and factors such as the availability of geological
engineering
data,
reservoir
performance
data,
acquisition, and divestment activity, drilling of new wells,
and commodity prices all impact on the determination
of the group's estimates of its oil reserves. Independent
reservoir engineers perform evaluations of the Corporation s
oil and natural gas reserves on an annual basis The
group determines its proved reserves estimates on the
requirement of reasonable certainty with rigorous technical
and commercial assessments based on conventional
industry practice and regulatory requirements. Refer note-
35 for related disclosure.

Intangible Asset under Development

Acquisition costs and drilling of exploratory well costs are
capitalized as intangible asset under development and are
reviewed at each reporting date to confirm that exploration
drilling is still under way or work has been determined /
under way to determine that the discovery is economically
viable based on a range of technical & commercial
considerations and for establishing development plans
and timing, sufficient / reasonable progress is being made.
If no future activity is planned on reasonable grounds
/ timeframes, Intangible asset under development and
property acquisition costs is written off. Upon start of
production from field and recognition of proved reserves,
cost carried as intangible asset under development is
transferred to producing properties. Also refer Note-35 for
related disclosures.

Contingencies

Contingent liabilities may arise from the ordinary course of
business in relation to claims against the Group, including
legal, contractor, land access and other claims. By their
nature, contingencies will be resolved only when one or
more uncertain future events occur or fail to occur. The
assessment of the existence, and potential quantum, of
contingencies inherently involves the exercise of significant
judgement and the use of estimates regarding the outcome
of future events. Refer Note-37 B for the related disclosures.
ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key
sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that
have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
financial year, are described below. Existing circumstances
and assumptions about future developments, however, may
change due to market changes or circumstances arising
that are beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are
reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

Defined benefit plans/ Other Long term employee benefits

The cost of the defined benefit plans and other long term
employee benefit plans are determined using actuarial
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various
assumptions that may differ from actual developments in
the future. These include the determination of the discount
rate; future salary increases and mortality rates. Due to
the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-
term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive
to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are
reviewed at each reporting date.

The parameter most subject to change is the discount
rate. The management considers the interest rates of
government securities based on expected settlement period
of various plans.
NOTE - 1B: ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES & JUDGEMENTS
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Further details about various employee benefit obligations
are given in Note 36.

Fair value measurement of financial instruments

When the fair values of financial assets and financial
liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured
based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value
is measured using valuation techniques including the
discounted cash flow (DCF) model based on level-2 and
level-3 inputs. The inputs to these models are taken from
observable markets where possible, but where this is not
feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing
fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs
such as price estimates, volume estimates, rate estimates
etc. Changes in assumptions about these factors could
affect the reported fair value of financial instruments.
Also refer Note 40 for further disclosures of estimates
and assumptions.

Impairment of Financial Assets

The impairment provisions for trade receivables are made
considering simplified approach based on assumptions
about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group
uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting
the inputs to the impairment calculation based on the
Group s past history and other factors at the end of each
reporting period. In case of other financial assets, the Group
NOTE - 1B: ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES & JUDGEMENTS (Contd..)
applies general approach for recognition of impairment
losses wherein the Group uses judgement in considering
the probability of default upon initial recognition and
whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk
on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. Also
refer Note-41 for impairment analysis and provision.

Provision for decommissioning

At the end of the operating life of the Corporation s facilities
and properties and upon retirement of its oil and natural gas
assets, decommissioning costs will be incurred. Estimates
of these costs are subject to uncertainty associated with
the method, timing, and extent of future decommissioning
activities. The liability, related asset and expense are
impacted by estimates with respect to the costs and timing
of decommissioning. Refer note-18 for the provisions in
respect of decommissioning cost.

Income Taxes

The Group uses estimates and judgements based on the
relevant facts, circumstances, present and past experience,
rulings, and new pronouncements while determining the
provision for income tax as per the laws of the countries
where the group operates. A deferred tax asset is recognised
to the extent that IT is probable that future taxable profit
will be available against which the deductible temporary
differences and tax losses can be utilised.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 2: PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Current Year
Particulars
Land -
Freehold
Plant And
Equipment
Office
Equipments
Transport
Equipment
Furniture
& Fixtures
Railway
Sidings
Sewage
and Water
Supply
System
Producing
Properties
(E&P
BLOCKS)
Right of
Use
Assets
(ROU)
Total
(Refer A&D)
(Refer B&D)
(Refer D)
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at
April 01, 2024
3,982.23
25,553.71
2,09,839.67
3,246.73
127.78
2,933.73
322.05
1,338.65
11,943.46
15,874.04
2,75,162.05
121.04
185.34
3,775.20
340.07
15.17
89.80
2.33
10.07
243.75
4,007.97
8,790.74
Transfers from
construction work-in-
-
2,164.85
9,503.89
388.24
1.72
551.72
53.63
0.56
1,212.94
-
13,877.55
Disposals/ Deductions
/ Transfers /
Reclassifications/ FCTR*
1.36
(97.78)
(1,247.24)
(164.54)
50.08
(26.35)
(0.19)
(3.00)
(121.65)
(2,639.84)
(4,249.15)
Gross Block as at
March 31, 2025
4,104.63
27,806.12
2,21,871.52
3,810.50
194.75
3,548.90
377.82
1,346.28
13,278.50
17,242.17
2,93,581.19
DEPRECIATION & AMORTISATION
Depreciation &
Amortisation as at
April 01, 2024
-
7,005.36
60,972.06
2,015.48
67.35
1,608.22
113.62
416.01
4,461.85
5,774.23
82,434.18
Depreciation &
Amortisation during the
year (Refer C)
-
1,299.37
10,249.29
498.41
42.08
264.28
20.71
52.38
800.58
3,244.27
16,471.37
Disposals/ Deductions
/ Transfers/
Reclassifications/ FCTR
-
(26.06)
(596.08)
(129.85)
6.62
(27.17)
(0.15)
(0.27)
20.57
(2,256.87)
(3,009.26)
Depreciation &
Amortisation as at
March 31, 2025
-
8,278.67
70,625.27
2,384.04
116.05
1,845.33
134.18
468.12
5,283.00
6,761.63
95,896.29
IMPAIRMENT
Impairment Loss as at
April 01, 2024
-
10.82
179.46
-
0.27
374.70
3.10
568.35
Impairment Loss during
-
63.68
-
4.81
68.49
Impairment Loss
reversed during the year/
FCTR
-
(2.09)
-
(111.87)
(0.01)
(113.97)
Impairment Loss as at
March 31, 2025
-
10.82
241.05
-
0.27
262.83
7.90
522.87
Net Block as at
March 31, 2025
4,104.63
19,516.63
1,51,005.20
1,426.46
78.70
1,703.57
243.64
877.89
7,732.67
10,472.64
1,97,162.03
Previous Year
Particulars
Land -
Freehold
Plant And
Equipment
Office
Equipments
Transport
Equipment
Furniture
& Fixtures
Railway
Sidings
Sewage
and Water
Supply
System
Producing
Properties
(E&P
BLOCKS)
Right of
Use
Assets
(ROU)
Total
(Refer A&D)
(Refer B&D)
(Refer D)
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at
April 01, 2023
3,929.41
22,054.26
1,88,184.92
2,794.54
119.67
2,398.72
316.17
1,329.90
10,526.03

14,465.21
2,46,118.83
62.28
187.01
3,732.31
393.46
7.84
82.33
5.03
0.66
224.65
3,473.85
8,169.42
Transfers from construction
-
3,416.03
18,582.06
318.45
3.25
466.87
2.32
8.13
1,065.93
-
23,863.04
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers
/ Reclassifications/ FCTR*
(9.46)
(103.59)
(659.62)
(259.72)
(2.98)
(14.19)
(1.47)
(0.04)
126.85
(2,065.02)
(2,989.24)
Gross Block as at
March 31, 2024
3,982.23
25,553.71
2,09,839.67
3,246.73
127.78
2,933.73
322.05
1,338.65
11,943.46

15,874.04
2,75,162.05
DEPRECIATION & AMORTISATION
Depreciation & Amortisation as
at April 01, 2023
-
5,824.66
51,064.91
1,721.10
59.16
1,392.71
94.06
363.88
3,773.26
4,727.36
69,021.10
Depreciation & Amortisation
-
1,192.12
10,152.49
447.79
9.77
229.72
19.56
52.14
643.20
2,932.10
15,678.89
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers
/ Reclassifications/ FCTR
-
(11.42)
(245.34)
(153.41)
(1.58)
(14.21)
-
(0.01)
45.39
(1,885.23)
(2,265.81)
Depreciation & Amortisation as
at March 31, 2024
-
7,005.36
60,972.06
2,015.48
67.35
1,608.22
113.62
416.01
4,461.85
5,774.23
82,434.18
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Land -
Freehold
Plant And
Equipment
Office
Equipments
Transport
Equipment
Furniture
& Fixtures
Railway
Sidings
Sewage
and Water
Supply
System
Producing
Properties
(E&P
BLOCKS)
Right of
Use
Assets
(ROU)
Total
IMPAIRMENT
Total Impairment as at April
01, 2023
-
10.82
180.97
-
0.27
370.52
3.10
565.68
Impairment Loss reversed during
the year/ FCTR
-
(1.51)
-
4.18
-
2.67
Total Impairment as at March
31, 2024
-
10.82
179.46
-
0.27
374.70
3.10
568.35
Net Block as at March 31, 2024
3,982.23
18,537.53
1,48,688.15
1,231.25
60.43
1,325.51
208.43
922.37
7,106.91
10,096.71
1,92,159.52
NOTE - 2: PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Contd..)
*Include adjustments on account of assets classified as held for sale in accordance with Ind AS 105
Freehold Land includes H1.61 crore (2024: H1.61 crore) lying vacant due to title disputes/ litigation.

Out of the Freehold land measuring 1364.01 acres at Mathura and Agra regions, land measuring 50 acres (approx) has been
acquired by NHAI as a part of the NH2 widening project for which the determination of value of compensation is pending.
Accordingly, the value of land amounting to H1.18 crore is continued to be included in Freehold land.

Freehold Land of 490 acres at Guwahati Refinery includes land parcel of approx. 32.39 acres (Costing H0.05 crore) on which
public roads, drains etc. have been constructed by PWD, Govt. of Assam.

Freehold Land includes H41.75 crore of compensation paid in respect of land at Panipat Refinery as per District and High
court orders of earlier dates, which was later quashed by subsequent High Court order dated 18.12.2019. Since, the process
of recovery of compensation already paid, has been stayed by Hon'ble Supreme Court vide order dated 21.09.2020, necessary
adjustment shall be made in the cost of the land upon actual recovery, if any.
Buildings include H0.01 crore (2024: H0.01 crore) towards 1605 (2024: 1605) nos. of shares in Co-operative Housing Societies
towards membership of such societies for purchase of flats.

Includes Roads, Bridges etc. (i.e. Assets other than Building) of Gross block amounting to H6,207.6 crore (2024: H6,699.32
crore) and net block amounting to H3,420.8 crore (2024: H3,538.55 crore) .
Depreciation and amortisation for the year includes H89.29 crore (2024: H73.94 crore) relating to construction period expenses
shown in 'Note-2.2'
Land and Buildings (Including ROU Asset) includes Gross Carrying Value of H508.61 crore (2024: H933.03 crore) in respect of which
Title/ Lease Deeds are pending for execution or renewal.
Impairment assessment has been carried out by the Parent Company at period end by comparing the recoverable amount with
the carrying value of assets under respective CGUs, as per Ind AS 36. Given the uncertainity over realisation of electricity tariffs
and variations in Capacity Utilization Factor of some windmill assets, impairment loss of H68.17 crore (2024: NIL) and impairment
reversal of H2.10 crore (2024: NIL) has been recognized, based on its value in use computed considering a discounting rate of 9.80%.
During the year, Useful life of DEF Plant has been reviewed by the Parent Company and changed from 25 years to 15 years. The
impact on account of this change is increase in depreciation charge by H5.66 crore in FY 2024-25 which will be offset over future
periods in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
During the year, Useful life of Optical Fibre Cable have been reviewed by the Parent Company and changed from 13 years to 18
years. The impact on account of this change is reduction in depreciation charge by H11.91 crore in FY 2024-25 which will be offset
over future periods in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
For further details regarding ROU Assets, refer 'Note - 37'.
In accordance with the requirements prescribed under Schedule II to Companies Act, 2013, the Parent Company has adopted
useful lives as prescribed in that schedule except in some cases as per point no. 2.4.1 of material accounting policies (Note-1).
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 2: PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Contd..)
Details of assets given on operating lease included in Property, Plant and Equipment:
Asset Particulars
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation &
Amortisation
Accumulated
Impairment
Loss
W.D.V. as at
March 31, 2025
W.D.V. as at
March 31, 2024
Land - Freehold
15.48
-
15.48
12.79
ROU Asset (Land - Leasehold)
217.18
62.89
-
154.29
70.00
Buildings
118.68
35.11
0.17
83.40
84.54
Plant and Equipment
382.74
89.83
-
292.91
165.28
Office Equipment
11.46
10.04
-
1.42
3.15
Furniture
2.31
1.12
-
1.19
0.64
Drainage, Sewage & Water Supply
-
1.40
Total
747.85
198.99
0.17
548.69
337.80
Asset Particulars
Name of Joint Owner*
Gross
Block
Accumulated
Depreciation &
Amortisation
Accumulated
Impairment
Loss
W.D.V. as at
W.D.V. as at
Land - Freehold
HPCL, BPCL
9.08
-
9.08
9.65
ROU Asset (Land - Leasehold)
BPCL
0.05
0.01
-
0.04
Buildings
HPCL, BPCL, Others
69.21
26.27
-
42.94
47.10
Plant and Equipment
HPCL, BPCL, RIL, Others
68.20
32.36
-
35.84
38.03
Office Equipments
BPCL
0.49
0.13
-
0.36
0.46
Railway Sidings
HPCL, BPCL
15.13
9.27
-
5.86
9.62
Drainage, Sewage & Water Supply
HPCL, BPCL, GSFC
0.45
0.14
-
0.31
0.32
Total
162.61
68.18
-
94.43
105.22
Asset Particulars
Exchange Fluctuation
Borrowing Cost
Buildings
-
(0.15)
24.74
66.94
Plant and Equipment
-
(8.55)
339.11
1,041.23
Office Equipments
-
1.73
7.40
Furniture & Fixtures
-
0.01
0.48
Railway Sidings
-
3.32
0.23
Drainage, Sewage & Water Supply
-
(0.34)
-
Total
-
(9.04)
368.91
1,116.28
Details of Parent Company's share of Jointly Owned Assets included in Property, Plant and Equipment:
* HPCL: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd., BPCL: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd., GSFC: Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd., RIL: Reliance Industries Ltd.
Additions to Gross Block Includes
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 2.1: CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS
Current Year
Particulars
Construction
Work in Progress
- Tangible Assets
Capital Stores
Capital Goods
in Transit
Construction
Period Expenses
Total
Refer A
Refer B
44,250.55
8,851.45
1,715.03
2,747.06
57,564.09
29,210.27
4,712.14
1,926.12
-
35,848.53
-
1,872.66
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment
(Note 2)
(13,877.55)
-
(13,877.55)
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment -
Direct Addition (Note 2)
-
(8.03)
-
(8.03)
Transfer to Statement of Profit and Loss
(8.83)
-
(8.83)
270.61
(5,121.17)
(1,758.27)
(823.56)
(7,432.39)
59,845.05
8,442.42
1,874.85
3,796.16
73,958.48
Provision for Capital Losses
(193.58)
(24.49)
-
(218.07)
59,651.47
8,417.93
1,874.85
3,796.16
73,740.41
Particulars
Construction
Work in Progress
- Tangible Assets
Capital Stores
Capital Goods
in Transit
Construction
Period Expenses
Total
Refer A
Refer B
34,774.69
8,507.73
1,126.12
3,353.42
47,761.96
30,575.97
4,688.71
1,957.43
-
37,222.11
-
1,404.06
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment
(Note 2)
(23,861.62)
(1.42)
-
(23,863.04)
Transfer to Property, Plant and Equipment -
Direct Addition (Note 2)
-
(28.92)
-
(28.92)
Transfer to Statement of Profit and Loss
(2.25)
(0.01)
-
(2.26)
2,763.76
(4,343.56)
(1,339.60)
(2,010.42)
(4,929.82)
44,250.55
8,851.45
1,715.03
2,747.06
57,564.09
Provision for Capital Losses
(191.47)
(55.76)
-
(247.23)
44,059.08
8,795.69
1,715.03
2,747.06
57,316.86
Previous Year
Includes H490.28 crore (2024:H673.75 crore) towards Capital Expenditure relating to ongoing Oil & Gas Exploration &
Production activities.
Includes H482.86 crore (2024:H678.92 crore) towards Stock lying with Contractors.
Ageing of Capital Work in Progress
Particulars
Amount of CWIP for a period of
Total
Current Year
Projects in Progress
35,610.88
22,179.08
9,904.47
5,638.00
73,332.43
17.91
168.17
272.88
167.09
626.05
Total
35,628.79
22,347.25
10,177.35
5,805.09
73,958.48
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
30,772.46
18,954.32
5,408.26
2,058.69
57,193.73
153.80
42.31
1.79
172.46
370.36
Total
30,926.26
18,996.63
5,410.05
2,231.15
57,564.09
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 2.1: CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS (Contd..)
Completion Schedule of Capital Work in Progress for Projects where Completion is Overdue or Cost has Exceeded its Original Plan
Particulars
Less than
More than
Current Year
Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
-
351.49
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
-
8,459.00
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
-
1,634.98
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
8,168.43
-
RLNG Infrastructure at Haldia Refinery
124.73
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
770.18
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
18,851.51
-
Additional Storage Tanks at Paradip Refinery
155.29
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
1,106.06
-
Installation of Standby SRU Train along with Incinerator at Paradip Refinery
317.24
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA) Project
at Paradip Refinery
-
7,160.47
-
New Mundra-Panipat Crude Oil Pipeline
6,165.19
-
Augmentation of Salaya Mathura Crude Oil Pipeline System
813.70
2.39
-
Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru Natural Gas Pipeline
-
527.70
-
Cryogenics Expansion Project Dindori MIDC
185.95
-
Chennai POL Jetty
764.01
-
Grass Root POL Terminal At Vallur, Chennai
493.31
-
New Lube Complex at Chennai
873.02
-
Vizag Terminal Revamping
116.86
-
Construction Of New Mirzapur Terminal
-
153.16
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
60.41
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
163.74
-
AA/ONDSF/UMATARA/2018
42.64
-
GABON - SHAKTHI
-
0.02
-
CBG Gorakhpur Plant
143.95
-
New R&D Campus-IOTDDC
-
1,107.33
-
Other Projects *
2,787.34
126.74
4.13
1.04
Total
41,333.38
20,293.44
4.13
1.06
-
80. TPH Petcoke Fired Boiler Project at Guwahati Refinery
-
119.47
-
Asanur PPN Section of Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru Natural Gas Pipeline
-
276.73
-
CBR Asanur Pipeline and its hook up with existing Chennai Trichy Madurai
Product Pipeline
-
143.43
-
Other Projects *
2.21
-
83.91
Total
2.21
-
623.54
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 2.1: CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS (Contd..)
Completion Schedule of Capital Work in Progress for Projects where Completion is Overdue or Cost has Exceeded its Original Plan
Particulars
Less than
More than
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
277.12
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
7,922.17
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
2,366.90
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
-
5,712.84
-
RLNG Infrastructure at Haldia Refinery
127.48
-
2G Ethanol Project at Panipat Refinery
622.28
-
148.02
-
Catalyst Plant at Panipat Refinery
166.96
-
PX-PTA Expansion at Panipat Refinery
363.21
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
95.13
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
-
9,305.46
-
Additional Storage Tanks at Paradip Refinery
434.99
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
1,588.60
-
Installation of Standby SRU Train along with Incinerator at Paradip Refinery
267.02
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA) Project
at Paradip Refinery
-
5,867.45
-
Infrastructure for R-LNG Utilization Project at Paradip Refinery
138.85
-
30 Haldia-Barauni Crude oil pipeline and conversion of existing 18
Haldia-Barauni section to Product & Gas service
138.34
-
Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru Natural Gas Pipeline
716.85
-
Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline
602.66
-
Augmentation of Salaya Mathura Crude Oil Pipeline System
783.49
-
Lube Complex at Amullavoyal
715.71
-
Chittoor LPG Bottling Plant
118.96
-
POL Terminal at Malkapur
257.39
-
Vizag Terminal Revamping
114.13
-
Khordha Bottling Plant
118.39
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
302.06
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
-
142.02
-
New R&D Campus
-
758.91
-
Other Projects *
2,596.97
149.57
-
0.48
Total
20,888.56
22,031.38
-
0.48
-
80. TPH PETCOKE FIRED BOILER Project
-
120.38
-
Other Projects *
12.67
-
81.91
Total
12.67
-
202.29
* Projects with actual expenditure less than H100 crore have been clubbed under Other Projects.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Employee Benefit Expenses
376.79
430.77
Repairs and Maintenance
3.09
2.29
Consumption of Stores and Spares
0.01
Power & Fuel
37.82
21.96
Rent
(0.81)
7.66
Rates and Taxes
0.83
2.18
Travelling Expenses
93.74
38.92
Communication Expenses
0.70
1.41
Printing and Stationery
0.55
0.52
Electricity and Water Charges
128.48
18.89
Bank Charges
0.12
0.76
Technical Assistance Fees
2.55
1.40
Finance Costs
A
1,181.84
821.25
Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment on

Property, Plant and Equipment
89.48
74.08

Intangible Assets
0.08
-
Start Up/ Trial Run Expenses (net of revenue)
29.78
(15.07)
Others
31.88
76.36
Total Expenses
1,976.93
1,483.39
Less : Recoveries
104.27
79.33
1,872.66
1,404.06
Note - 2.2: CONSTRUCTION PERIOD EXPENSES (NET) DURING THE YEAR
Rate of Specific borrowing eligible for capitalisation is 1.08% to 8.13% (2024: 1.08% to 8.04%)
NOTE - 3: INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Current Year
Particulars
Right of Way
(Refer B)
Licenses
Computer
Software
(Refer C)
Total
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at April 01, 2024
1,548.95
4,132.20
662.21
6,343.36
111.09
2.45
33.07
146.61
Transfers from Intangible Assets under Development
-
214.02
109.61
323.63
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers /
Reclassifications/ FCTR
-
32.42
(22.22)
10.20
Gross Block as at March 31, 2025
1,660.04
4,381.09
782.67
6,823.80
DEPRECIATION,
AMORTSATION AND
IMPAIRMENT
Total Amortisation as at April 01, 2024
23.93
1,583.51
468.68
2,076.12
0.16
210.07
119.23
329.46
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers /
Reclassifications/ FCTR
(0.01)
16.68
(18.23)
(1.56)
Total Amortisation as at March 31, 2025
24.08
1,810.26
569.68
2,404.02
Total Impairment as at April 01, 2024
0.27
429.74
-
430.01
Impairment Loss reversed during the year
-
10.67
-
10.67
Total Impairment as at March 31, 2025
0.27
440.41
-
440.68
Net Block as at March 31, 2025
1,635.69
2,130.42
212.99
3,979.10
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 3: INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Contd..)
Previous Year
Particulars
Right of Way
(Refer B)
Licenses
Computer
Software
(Refer C)
Total
GROSS BLOCK
Gross Block as at April 01, 2023
1,457.29
3,785.53
495.31
5,738.13
91.66
27.14
30.52
149.32
Transfers from Intangible Assets under Development
-
291.85
139.86
431.71
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers /
Reclassifications/ FCTR
-
27.68
(3.48)
24.20
Gross Block as at March 31, 2024
1,548.95
4,132.20
662.21
6,343.36
DEPRECIATION,
AMORTSATION AND
IMPAIRMENT
Amortisation as at April 01, 2023
23.64
1,376.79
399.57
1,800.00
0.29
193.31
69.21
262.81
Disposals/ Deductions / Transfers /
Reclassifications/ FCTR
-
13.41
(0.10)
13.31
Amortisation as at March 31, 2024
23.93
1,583.51
468.68
2,076.12
Impairment Loss as at April 01, 2023
0.27
423.38
-
423.65
Impairment Loss reversed during the year
-
6.36
-
6.36
Impairment Loss as at March 31, 2024
0.27
429.74
-
430.01
Net Block as at March 31, 2024
1,524.75
2,118.95
193.53
3,837.23
There are no internally generated Intangible Assets.
Amortisation for the year includes H 0.27 crore (2024: H0.14 crore) relating to construction period expenses taken to Note 2.2
Net Block of Intangible assets with indefinite useful life:
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Right of Way
1,633.51
1,522.43
Particulars
Total
6,604.89
1,501.82
Transfer to Intangible Assets (Note 3)
(323.63)
(823.06)
6,960.02
Provision for Loss
(2,779.15)
4,180.87

Right of way for laying pipelines are acquired on a perpetual basis.
Details of Parent Company's share of Jointly Owned Assets included in the above:
Asset Particulars
Name of Joint
Owner*
Gross
Block
Accumulated
Depreciation &
Amortisation
W.D.V. as at
March 31, 2025
W.D.V. as at
Computer Software
HPCL, BPCL
3.73
2.25
1.48
2.41
Total
3.73
2.25
1.48
2.41

* HPCL: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd., BPCL: Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.
NOTE - 3.1: INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT
Current Year
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 3.1: INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT (Contd..)
Previous Year
Particulars
Total
6,432.47
1,251.17
Transfer to Intangible Assets (Note 3)
(431.71)
(647.04)
6,604.89
Provision for Loss
(2,889.33)
3,715.56
Intangible assets under development are mainly in the nature of Exploration & Production Blocks and Licences & Computer Softwares.
Amount above includes H1,746.97 crore (2024: H1,957.32 crore) towards Capital Expenditure (Net) relating to ongoing Oil & Gas
Exploration & Production activities.
Ageing of Intangible Assets under Development
Particulars
Amount of Intangible Assets under Development for a period of
Total
Current Year
Projects in Progress
771.04
150.01
1,554.57
4,035.62
6,511.24
5.65
39.96
-
403.17
448.78
Total
776.69
189.97
1,554.57
4,438.79
6,960.02
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
215.07
394.81
131.06
5,384.31
6,125.25
0.70
-
0.28
478.66
479.64
Total
215.77
394.81
131.34
5,862.97
6,604.89
Completion Schedule of Intangible Assets under Development for Projects where Completion is Overdue or Cost has Exceeded its
Original Plan
Particulars
Less than
More than
Current Year
Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
-
15.01
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
-
151.60
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
-
212.99
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
273.11
-
PBR Project at Panipat Refinery
-
66.66
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
386.37
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
92.37
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA) Project
at Paradip Refinery
-
195.68
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
14.50
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
25.25
-
GABON-SHAKTHI
-
188.12
-
AA-ONHP-2018/5
-
5.43
-
Area-95/96, Libya
-
84.07
-
Others *
13.20
-
Total
804.80
641.94
-
277.62
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Less than
More than
-
Residue Upgradation Project at Mathura Refinery
-
132.21
-
Farsi, Iran
-
126.26
-
GK-OSN-2009/1
-
0.28
-
RJ-ONHP-2019/3
-
5.33
-
RJ-ONHP-2019/2
-
12.72
-
RJ-ONHP-2018/2
-
15.93
-
Others *
-
136.94
Total
-
429.67
Particulars
Less than
More than
Previous Year
Projects in Progress
-
Guwahati Refinery Expansion
15.01
-
Barauni Refinery Expansion
151.60
-
Acrylics / Oxo Alcohol Project at Dumad, Gujarat
226.92
-
Petrochemical and Lube Integration Project at Gujarat Refinery
-
207.77
-
2G Ethanol Plant at Panipat
10.32
-
Ethanol production from PSA off gas at Panipat Refinery
0.35
-
PX/PTA Expansion at Panipat Refinery
144.57
-
PBR Project at Panipat
-
66.38
-
Panipat Refinery Expansion
-
383.32
-
Fuel Quality Upgradation Project at Paradip Refinery
96.26
-
Integrated Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA) Project
at Paradip
-
195.68
-
BK-CBM-2001/1
30.86
-
NK-CBM-2001/1
-
25.25
-
Shakthi Gabon
-
173.72
-
Others *
21.66
2.55
-
Total
697.55
880.95
-
173.72
-
Residue Upgradation Project at Mathura Refinery
-
132.21
-
Farsi, Iran
-
126.26
-
Others *
-
221.16
Total
-
479.63
NOTE - 3.1: INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS
Particulars
Investment
Currency
Face Value
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Number
Carrying
Value
Number
Carrying
Value
NON-CURRENT INVESTMENTS
Equity Shares
A
In Associates (Equity Method*)
Quoted
Indian Rupees
187500000
2,490.36
187500000
2,156.19
Unquoted
Indian Rupees
4500000
31.47
4500000
24.72
Petronet India Limited (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
0.10
18000000
0.47
18000000
0.47
Indian Rupees
50000000
0.02
50000000
0.02
Sub-total: (I)(A)
2,522.32
2,181.40
B
In Joint Ventures (Equity Method*)
Unquoted
Indian Rupees
500972175
985.51
500972175
886.22
Indian Rupees
499200
250.86
499200
215.46
Indian Rupees
134000000
833.52
134000000
776.63
Petronet CI Limited (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
3744000
-
3744000
-
Indian Rupees
25292250
251.78
25287250
250.72
Indian Rupees
25950000
130.00
25950000
126.13
Naira
2500000
-
2500000
-
Indian Rupees
60680000
81.48
60680000
88.73
Indian Rupees
222861375
631.88
222861375
457.03
NPCIL-IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation
Indian Rupees
260000
0.43
260000
0.41
Indian Rupees
579605012
440.50
574925012
504.94
Indian Rupees
157820000
29.29
157820000
83.66
IndianOil-Adani Gas Private Limited
Indian Rupees
718365000
767.23
658865000
687.40
Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility
Indian Rupees
52918750
126.90
52918750
107.92
Indian Rupees
670125000
646.34
560640000
539.42
IndianOil LNG Private Limited a
Indian Rupees
-
Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited
Indian Rupees
2642985000
3,418.08
2642985000
3,009.95
Ratnagiri Refineries & Petrochemicals
Indian Rupees
100000000
50.67
100000000
53.49
Indian Rupees
230560000
235.13
222360000
227.10
Indian Rupees
1529000000
1,505.02
1529000000
1,521.36
Indian Rupees
30000000
48.89
30000000
34.78
Indian Rupees
14937500
8.11
4187500
1.58
Indian Rupees
32720000
32.64
32720000
33.36
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals
Indian Rupees
25000
0.02
25000
0.02
Indian Rupees
48050000
46.67
50000
0.05
Indian Rupees
1000000
-
1000000
-
Indian Rupees
54150000
53.22
-
Indian Rupees
185010000
139.71
-
Indian Additives Limited
Indian Rupees
1183401
279.98
1183401
239.79
National Aromatics and Petrochemical
Indian Rupees
25000
-
25000
-
VANKOR India Pte Limited
USD
481868589
3,579.13
481868589
3,154.99
TAAS India Pte Limited
USD
330891730
2,804.23
330891730
2,381.70
Urja Bharat Pte. Limited
USD
83950100
419.88
72400100
318.23
Bharat Energy Office LLC
RUB
1000000
0.41
0.39
Falcon Oil & Gas BV
USD
428.29
197.47
Beximco IOC Petroleum & Energy Limited
Bangladeshi
Taka
1113250
-
1113250
-
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS (Contd..)
Particulars
Investment
Currency
Face Value
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Number
Carrying
Value
Number
Carrying
Value
Mer Rouge Oil Storage Terminal Co Ltd
("MOST")
Mauritian
Rupees
16800
17.28
16800
16.67
IOML Hulas Lube Private Limited
Nepalese
Rupee
23000
0.15
-
Sun Mobility Pte. Ltd
USD
4128868
626.49
-
Sub-total: (I)(B)
18,869.72
15,915.60
Total Investments in Associates & JVs
[(I)(A)+(I)(B)]
21,392.04
18,097.00
Particulars
Investment
Currency
Face
Value
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Number
Fair Value
Number
Fair Value
In Others (Designated at FVTOCI)
Quoted
Indian Rupees
986885142
24,314.87
986885142
26,453.45
GAIL (India) Limited
Indian Rupees
163358190
2,990.11
163358190
2,957.60
Indian Rupees
80251650
3,103.73
53501100
3,211.40
Phinergy Limited
USD
14873892
42.83
14873892
188.24
Lanzatech Global Inc.
USD
6025762
12.47
6025762
155.56
Unquoted
International Cooperative Petroleum
Association, New York
USD
0.02
Haldia Petrochemical Limited
Indian Rupees
150000000
614.40
150000000
661.20
Indian Rupees
3693750
15.48
3693750
13.36
Indian Rupees
0.77
Vadodara Enviro Channel Limited b
Indian Rupees
-
Shama Forge Co. Limited c (under
liquidation)
Indian Rupees
100000
-
100000
-
BioTech Consortium India Limited
Indian Rupees
100000
0.10
100000
0.10
Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminal
Sri Lankan
Rupees
250000000
174.46
250000000
147.35
Trinco Petroleum Terminal Private Limited
Sri Lankan
Rupees
13720000
3.96
9800000
2.72
Carabobo Ingenieria Y Construcciones
S.A.
USD
12.1% of
Capital Stock
-
12.1% of
Capital Stock
-
Petrocarabobo S.A.
USD
3.5% of
Capital Stock
44.66
3.5% of
Capital Stock
43.94
In Consumer Cooperative Societies
Barauni d
Indian Rupees
-
Guwahati e
Indian Rupees
-
Mathura f
Indian Rupees
-
Haldia g
Indian Rupees
-
In Indian Oil Cooperative Consumer Stores
Limited, Delhi h
Indian Rupees
-
MRL Industrial Cooperative Service
Society Ltd
Indian Rupees
0.01
Sub-total: (I)(C)
31,317.87
33,835.72
Sub-total: (I)
52,709.91
51,932.72
*Investment in Joint Ventures/ Associates have been shown as per equity method of consolidation. Carrying value of investments have been reduced by share of
losses and wherever other long term interest in the entity exists, unadjusted losses,if any, have been set-off against such interest.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS (Contd..)
Particulars
Investment
Currency
Face
Value
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Number
Fair Value
Number
Fair Value
Share Warrants (Designated at FVTOCI)
In Joint Ventures
(Adjusted for equity method)
Unquoted
(Refer Note B.4 )
Indian Rupees
9.99
3665000000
4,139.68
3665000000
3,229.32
Sub-total: (II)
4,139.68
3,229.32
III Preference Shares (At FVTPL)
In Others
Unquoted
Shama Forge Co. Limited i (under liquidation)
Indian Rupees
-
9.5% Cumulative Redeemable Preference
Shares
Sub-total: (III)
-
Total Other Investments [(I)(C)+(II)+(III)]
35,457.55
37,065.04
Total Non Current Investments (I+II+III)
56,849.59
55,162.04
CURRENT INVESTMENTS
Unquoted: (At FVTPL)
Unit Trust Investment (NAV)
Sri Lankan
Rupees
229.26
412.17
Investment through portfolio management
services
Sri Lankan
Rupees
622.97
436.79
Government Securities (At FVTOCI)
Quoted
Oil Marketing Companies GOI Special Bonds
Indian Rupees
10000
3167200
3,204.59
6729510
6,768.92
9.15% Govt Stock 2024
Indian Rupees
10000
-
1960000
2,052.45
7.35% Govt.Stock 2024
Indian Rupees
10000
-
695000
709.53
7.26% Govt.Stock 2033
Indian Rupees
10000
1530267
1,608.45
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2037
Indian Rupees
10000
1000000
1,054.21
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
Indian Rupees
10000
1434863
1,552.14
-
7.26% Govt.Stock 2032
Indian Rupees
10000
478389
501.29
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2033
Indian Rupees
10000
500000
522.84
-
7.10% Govt.Stock 2034
Indian Rupees
10000
500000
533.31
-
7.41% Govt.Stock 2036
Indian Rupees
10000
500000
539.85
-
Total Current Investments (I+II)
10,368.91
10,379.86
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Aggregate carrying value of quoted investments
32,954.37
35,122.44
9,516.68
9,530.90
Aggregate market value of quoted investments
35,969.01
37,901.25
9,516.68
9,530.90
Aggregate carrying value of unquoted investments
23,895.22
20,039.60
852.23
848.96
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments
-
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note: A-Investment in Oil Marketing Companies GOI Special Bonds consists of
NOTE - 4: INVESTMENTS (Contd..)
Nature of Bond
March 31, 2025
No. of Bonds
Face Value
Investment Value
Carrying Value
Amount
Amount
Amount
Current investment
8.00% GOI Special Bonds 2026
189270
189.27
191.86
6.90% GOI Special Bonds 2026
2977930
2,977.93
3,012.73
Total Current Investments
3167200
3,167.20
3,204.59
Note: B - Other Disclosures
Following Government Securities pledged in favour of Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL) for Loans through Tri-party Repo
Segment (TREPS) of CCIL.
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Face
Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
Face
Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
7.26% Govt.Stock 2033
1,166.64
1,192.23
1,226.24
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2037
490.00
503.21
516.56
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
500.00
516.83
540.87
-
7.26% Govt.Stock 2032
178.00
183.28
186.52
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2033
500.00
511.67
522.84
-
7.10% Govt.Stock 2034
500.00
511.25
533.31
-
9.15% Govt. Stock 2024
-
6.00
6.84
6.28
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Face
Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
Face
Value
Investment
Value
Carrying
Value
7.26% Govt.Stock 2033
339.60
347.05
356.95
-
7.18% Govt.Stock 2037
500.00
513.48
527.11
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
500.00
516.83
540.87
-
7.23% Govt.Stock 2039
415.00
428.97
448.92
-
7.26% Govt.Stock 2032
286.87
295.38
300.60
-
7.41% Govt.Stock 2036
464.08
482.45
501.06
-
Following Government Securities pledged in favour of Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL) for overnight borrowings from
CROMS platform.
Oil Marketing Companies 6.90% GOI Special Bonds 2026 of investment value H 494.70 crore (Carrying value H 500.48 crore) has
been used as collateral against availment of overnight borrowings through CROMS platform of CCIL.
Following are not reflecting above due to rounding off:-
(Amount in J)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
a
45000
b
Vadodara Enviro Channel Limited
Barauni Consumer Cooperative Societies
e
Guwahati Consumer Cooperative Societies
f
Mathura Consumer Cooperative Societies
g
Haldia Consumer Cooperative Societies
16630
h
Indian Oil Cooperative Consumer Stores Limited, Delhi
During the year, Oil India Limited has allotted 2,67,50,550 equity shares as fully paid-up bonus shares.
All the investments are fully paid up.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 5: LOANS
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Loans
To Related Parties

Secured, Considered Good
0.35
0.38
0.04
0.06

Unsecured, Considered Good
339.43
0.21
106.36
15.54

Credit Impaired
224.66
-
564.44
225.25
106.40
15.60

Less : Allowance for Doubtful Loans
224.66
-
339.78
0.59
106.40
15.60
To Others

Secured, Considered Good
1,638.11
1,369.32
180.88
158.20

Unsecured, Considered Good
1,422.57
1,397.37
378.52
356.51

167.74
200.24
45.49
46.70

Credit Impaired
726.20
630.60
242.67
233.49
3,954.62
3,597.53
847.56
794.90

Less : Allowance for Doubtful Loans
A
1,070.96
1,011.14
325.20
317.56
2,883.66
2,586.39
522.36
477.34
Total
3,223.44
2,586.98
628.76
492.94
A. Includes provision as per Expected Credit Loss model and
applying experience factor on loans considered good and
those which have significant increase in Credit Risk
344.76
380.54
82.53
84.07
NOTE - 6: OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(Unsecured, Considered Good at amortised cost unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Security Deposits
To Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
4.00
0.16
0.12
To Others

Secured, Considered Good
0.12
0.11
-

Unsecured, Considered Good
326.61
304.68
86.53
75.77

Credit Impaired
-
1.37
1.39
330.73
308.79
88.06
77.28
Less: Allowance for Doubtful Deposits
-
1.37
1.39
330.73
308.79
86.69
75.89
Advances for Investments
A
1,558.43
1,604.67
Amount Recoverable from Central/State Governments
-
1,960.94
1,785.75
Interest Accrued on Investments/ Bank Deposits/ Loans
-
0.50
-
Derivative Instruments at Fair Value
-
1.32
2.98
Advance to Employee Benefits Trusts/Funds
-
246.64
279.28
Bank Deposits
B
(with original maturity of more than 12 months)
447.70
447.34
(658.73)
0.93
Claims Recoverable
From Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
54.52

Credit Impaired
-
26.90
-
81.42
From Others

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
234.90
256.50

Credit Impaired
-
168.86
229.15
-
403.76
485.65
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 6: OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Contd..)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Less : Provision for Doubtful Claims
-
195.76
256.05
-
208.00
229.60
-
289.42
311.02
Others

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
332.68
305.14

Credit Impaired
-
38.87
25.73
-
371.55
330.87

Less: Allowance for doubtful asset
-
38.87
25.73
-
332.68
305.14
Total
2,336.86
2,360.80
2,259.46
2,760.99
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Income/Current Tax Asset/ (Liability) - Net

Advance payments for Current Tax
15,302.17
11,267.02
725.05
10,741.68

Less : Provisions
13,712.44
9,439.04
39.97
11,695.23
1,589.73
1,827.98
685.08
(953.55)
Income/Current Tax Asset
1,589.73
1,827.98
725.05
0.82
Income/Current Tax (Liability)
(39.97)
(954.37)
Income/Current Tax Asset/ (Liability) - Net
1,589.73
1,827.98
685.08
(953.55)
Represents equity share application money pending allotment. The allotment of equity shares is expected to be made as per
Companies Act, 2013 and other laws as applicable.
Earmarked in favour of Statutory Authorities/ provided as Security to participate in Tender.
NOTE - 7: INCOME TAX/CURRENT TAX ASSET/ (LIABILITY) - NET
NOTE - 8: OTHER ASSETS (NON FINANCIAL)
(Unsecured, Considered Good unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Advances for Capital Expenditure
To Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
-
10.29
-
10.29
To Others

Secured, Considered Good
1.57
3.30

Unsecured, Considered Good
2,966.92
2,301.58

Unsecured, Considered Doubtful
9.32
2,977.81
2,314.20
2,977.81
2,324.49
Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances
9.32
2,968.49
2,315.17
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 8: OTHER ASSETS (NON FINANCIAL) (Contd..)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Advances Recoverable
From Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
1,067.41
1,198.98
134.73
28.79
From Others

Unsecured, Considered Good
871.76
279.37
3,804.69
3,494.22

Unsecured, Considered Doubtful
-
4.86
4.87
871.76
279.37
3,809.58
3,499.09
Less : Provision for Doubtful Advances
-
4.86
4.87
871.76
279.37
3,804.72
3,494.22
1,939.17
1,478.35
3,939.45
3,522.67
Claims Recoverable
From Others

Unsecured, Considered Good (Refer Note - 48, S. No. 2)
-
1,573.01
746.84

Unsecured, Considered Doubtful
-
62.48
61.90
-
1,635.49
808.74

Less : Provision for Doubtful Claims
-
62.48
61.90
-
1,573.01
746.84
Balance/ Deposits with Government Authorities
Unsecured, Considered Good
-
579.84
613.39
Gold / Other Precious Metals
-
94.50
112.23
Less : Provision for Diminution in value
-
7.84
15.74
-
86.66
96.49
Deferred Expenses (Refer Note - 39)
1,237.03
1,139.68
118.17
114.37
Prepaid Rentals
16.14
18.17
69.76
74.62
Pre-Spent Corporate Social Responsibility Expenses
-
43.87
35.29
Others
-
3.97
8.58
Total
6,160.83
4,951.37
6,414.73
5,212.25
NOTE - 9: INVENTORIES
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
In Hand

Raw Materials
28,748.87
32,505.64

Work-In-Progress
9,566.65
10,993.86

Finished Products
43,913.73
43,636.65

Stock in Trade
9,579.40
8,632.80

7,733.05
6,848.97

Less : Provision for Losses
354.48
320.90
7,378.57
6,528.07

Barrels and Tins
82.01
90.22
99,269.23
1,02,387.24
In Transit

Raw Materials
9,729.87
15,164.75

Finished Products
1,358.37
1,182.18

Stock in Trade
3,170.44
2,353.34

350.58
288.32
14,609.26
18,988.59
Total
1,13,878.49
1,21,375.83
Amount of write down of inventories carried at NRV and recognised as Expense.
1,212.97
1,005.17
Valuation of inventories are done as per point no. 7 of material accounting policies (Note - 1).
For hypothecation details refer Note-21.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 10: TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
From Related Parties

Unsecured, Considered Good
483.07
628.93

Credit Impaired
9.93
9.69
493.00
638.62
From Others

Secured Considered Good
0.70
0.13

Unsecured, Considered Good
18,309.97
13,342.45

-

Credit Impaired
206.84
208.68
18,517.51
13,551.26
Total
19,010.51
14,189.88
Less : Allowance for Doubtful Debts
A
459.55
358.43
Total
18,550.96
13,831.45
A. Includes provision as per Expected Credit Loss method in line with accounting policy
on good and those which have significant increase in credit risk
242.78
140.06
Ageing of Trade Receivables
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Less than
6 months-
More than
Current Year
Undisputed Trade Receivables -
34.76
11,733.93
5,316.66
366.54
240.59
99.99
59.20
17,851.67
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables -
-
84.67
iii) Disputed Trade Receivables -
(Refer Note 48, S. No. 3)
2.15
6.25
7.44
244.93
489.64
33.39
158.27
942.07
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables -
0.65
1.86
2.25
4.37
8.83
8.63
105.51
132.10
Total
37.56
11,742.04
5,326.35
615.84
739.06
142.01
407.65
19,010.51
Previous Year
Undisputed Trade Receivables -
35.91
9,088.70
3,982.21
188.36
177.46
152.14
62.50
13,687.28
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables -
-
55.56
0.35
0.31
74.03
130.25
iii) Disputed Trade Receivables -
4.62
12.77
16.21
20.37
38.06
44.65
147.55
284.23
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables -
-
0.15
0.24
87.73
88.12
Total
40.53
9,101.47
3,998.42
264.29
216.02
197.34
371.81
14,189.88
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 11: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Bank Balances with Scheduled Banks
In Current Account
535.01
954.33
In Fixed Deposit - Maturity within 3 months
45.20
264.58
580.21
1,218.91
Bank Balances with Non-Scheduled Banks
84.46
25.40
Cheques, Drafts in hand
7.17
1.31
Cash in Hand, Including Imprest
1.33
0.97
Total
673.17
1,246.59
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Fixed Deposits
A
2,238.00
1,500.02
Earmarked Balances
B
393.16
409.83
Other Bank Balances
0.61
Total
2,631.77
1,910.46
A) Includes Fixed Deposits earmarked in favour of Statutory Authorities.
12.96
12.38
B). Pertains to
-
Unpaid Dividend
190.23
95.05
-
Fractional Share Warrants
(0.01)
0.03
-
Amount received from PM CARES Fund for procurement of Liquid Oxygen
Equipment (pending adjustment of claim amounting to Nil (2024: H41.33 crore)
shown as claims recoverable in Note 6)
-
41.33
-
Grant received from Ministry of Heavy Industries for establishing EVCS at ROs
(Including Interest of H34.04 crore (2024: H16.61 crore) (net of TDS) earned
payable to government)
201.49
271.41
-
Amount received from transporter vendor payable only as per court's directive
1.44
2.00
C) There exists restrictions on repatriation/ utilisation of these balances.
NOTE - 12: BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN ABOVE
NOTE-13: ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
Particulars
Note
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Freehold land
A
0.64
Building
B
0.05
0.07
Plant and Equipment
120.77
57.69
Office Equipment
0.07
0.19
Transport Equipment
0.24
0.10
Total
121.77
58.69
Disposal Group: Cauvery Basin Refinery, Nagapattinam
Freehold land
4.96
Building
12.97
Plant and Equipment
52.00
Office Equipment
0.05
Others
1,320.10
1,102.76
Total
1,390.08
1,172.74
Total Asset held for sale
1,511.85
1,231.43
Total Liability directly associated with Asset held for sale
14.98
18.77
The Group has surplus land at various locations such as LPG Plant, Depots and ROs etc. which is under the process of disposal.
The management intends to sell the land. No impairment was recognised on reclassification of land as held for sale as the Group
expects that the fair value (estimated based on the recent market prices of similar properties in similar locations) less costs to sell
is higher than the carrying amount.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Includes non-current assets retired from active use earlier used in various segments and held for disposal through tendering
process within a year.

During the year the Group has reclassified Assets Held for sale amounting to H 6.04 crore (2024: H 0.07 crore) as Property, Plant
and Equipment/ Other Assets based on the plan for disposal of assets.

During the year, the Group has recognized impairment loss of H 13.57 crore (2024: H 18.30 crore) on write-down of asset to fair
value less costs to sell and the same has been shown in Provision/loss on Other Assets sold or written off under 'Other Expenses'
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (CBRPL) has been incorporated on 6th January 2023 as a Joint Venture of
Indian Oil (Parent Company) and Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL-Subsidiary) each holding 25% equity and balance
by seed equity investors, for construction of new 9 MMTPA refinery at Cauvery Basin Nagapattinam. The JV would be operational
upon receipt of approval by Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) for equity investment in the CBR project by CPCL.
Accordingly, the land, capital work in-progress, other facilities and directly associated total liabiliy held by the group which are to be
transferred to the new Joint Venture, are classified under Disposal Group.
NOTE - 14: EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Authorized
30,00,00,00,000 (2024: 30,00,00,00,000) Equity Shares of H 10 each
30,000.00
Issued Subscribed and Paid Up
14,12,12,38,383 (2024: 14,12,12,38,383)
14,121.24
Equity Shares of H10 each fully paid up
Less: Equity Shares held under IOC Shares Trust
349.68
34,96,77,684 (2024: 34,96,77,684)
Equity Shares of H10 each fully paid up
Total
13,771.56
A. Reconciliation of No. of Equity Shares

Opening Balance
14,12,12,38,383

Shares Issued
-

Closing Balance
14,12,12,38,383
Terms/Rights attached to Equity Shares

The Holding Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of H 10 each and is entitled to one vote per share. In the
event of liquidation of the corporation, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Holding
Company in proportion to the number of equity shares held.

IOC Shares Trust (Shareholder) has waived its right to receive the dividend w.e.f. 02.03.2020.
Details of shareholders holdings more than 5% shares
Name of Shareholder
March 31, 2025
March 31,2024
Number of
Percentage
of Holding
Number of
Percentage
of Holding
THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
2,00,58,22,884
14.20
2,00,58,22,884
14.20
LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA
90,80,09,660
6.43
97,77,88,060
6.92
72,83,85,744
5.16
72,83,85,744
5.16
(a) Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up pursuant to contract(s) without payment
being received in cash
Nil
(b) Aggregate number of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares - During FY 2022-23
(July 2022) in ratio of 1:2
470,70,79,461
For the period of preceding five years as on the Balance Sheet date, the:
NOTE-13: ASSETS HELD FOR SALE (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 14: EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL (Contd..)
Promoter Name
At the beginning of the year
At the end of the year
% Change
Number of
% of total
Number of
% of total
THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
7,27,21,99,767
51.50
-
Details regarding shareholding of Promoters as at March 31, 2025
NOTE - 15: OTHER EQUITY
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Retained Earnings
General Reserve
Opening Balance
99,792.71
97,494.19
Add: Opening Balance Adjustment due to Ind-AS
73.71
(0.90)
Add: Dividend Distribution Tax Refund
-
2.46
Add: Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
60.35
(32.28)
Add : Transfer from Bond Redemption Reserve
-
1,013.20
Add: Appropriation from Surplus
23,894.68
1,316.04
Add: On Consolidation
(491.90)
1,23,329.55
99,792.71
Surplus (Balance in Statement of Profit and Loss)
Opening Balance
39,032.50
9,657.51
Profit for the Year
13,597.84
41,729.69
Add: Opening Balance Adjustment
20.08
(0.26)
Less: Appropriations

Interim Dividend [including expenses (net of tax)]
-
6,886.04

Final Dividend [including expenses (net of tax)]
9,640.28
4,131.58

Insurance Reserve (Net)
20.12
21.01

Corporate Social Responsibility Reserve (Net)
-
(0.23)

General Reserve
23,894.68
1,316.04

Balance carried forward to next year
19,095.34
39,032.50
1,42,424.89
1,38,825.21
Other Reserves
Bond Redemption Reserve
Opening Balance
18.75
1,031.95
Less: Transfer to General Reserve
-
1,013.20
18.75
Capital Redemption Reserve
Opening Balance
0.42
0.41
Less: Utilised for issue of Bonus Shares
-
0.01
0.42
Capital Reserve
Opening Balance
428.56
428.47
Add: On Consolidation
373.52
0.09
802.08
428.56
Securities Premium
Opening Balance
79.94
76.74
Addition/Adjustment during the year
-
3.20
79.94
Insurance Reserve
Opening Balance
340.21
319.20
Add: Appropriation from Surplus
20.12
21.01
360.33
340.21
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 15: OTHER EQUITY (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Corporate Social Responsibility Reserve
Opening Balance
0.02
0.25
Add: Appropriation from Surplus
57.96
35.31
Less: Utilized during the year
57.96
35.54
0.02
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
Fair value of Equity Instruments
Opening Balance
28,619.67
15,069.23
(1,769.93)
13,550.44
Less: Transferred to General Reserve
-
26,849.74
28,619.67
Fair value of Debt Instruments
Opening Balance
(3.90)
(10.88)
65.64
6.98
61.74
(3.90)
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve
Opening Balance
2.22
138.67
Add: Gain/(Loss) during the year
(5.55)
(57.76)
Less: Transferred during the year
0.91
78.69
(4.24)
2.22
Translation Reserve on Consolidation
Opening Balance
1,333.61
1,742.94
Add : Translation difference
788.48
(409.33)
2,122.09
1,333.61
Total
1,72,715.76
1,69,644.71
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Retained Earnings

The retained earnings comprises of general reserve and surplus which is used from time to time to transfer profits by appropriations.
Retained earnings is free reserve of the Group and is used for the purposes like issuing bonus shares, buy back of shares and other
purposes (like declaring Dividend etc.). IT includes the re-measurement of defined benefit plan as per actuarial valuations which will
not be reclassified to statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
Bond Redemption Reserve

As per the Companies Act 2013, a Bond Redemption Reserve is required to be created for all bonds/ debentures issued by the
Group at a specified percentage. This reserve is created out of appropriation of profits and is transferred back to general reserve on
repayment of bonds for which IT is created. In 2019, this requirement was dispensed with in case of public issue/ private placement
of debentures by listed companies to NBFCs, Housing Finance Companies and other listed companies.
Capital Redemption Reserve

As per the Companies Act 2013, capital redemption reserve is created when Group purchases its own shares out of free reserves
or securities premium. A sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased is transferred to capital redemption reserve.
Utilization of this reserve is governed by the provisions of the Companies Act 2013.
Capital Reserve

Capital Reserve was created through business combinations and shall be utilised as per the provisions of the Companies Act 2013.
Securities Premium

Securities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the
provision of the Companies Act, 2013.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 15: OTHER EQUITY (Contd..)
Insurance Reserve

Insurance Reserve is created by the Group to mitigate risk of loss of assets not insured with external insurance agencies. H20.00
crore is appropriated by the Parent Company every year to this reserve and H11.00 crore (including Non Controlling Interest) is
appropriated by one of the subsidiary (CPCL). The reserve is utilised to mitigate actual losses by way of net appropriation in case
any uninsured loss is incurred by the repective Company.
Corporate Social Responsibility Reserve

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Reserve is created for meeting expenses relating to CSR activities in line with CSR policy of
respective group of companies.
Fair value of Equity Instruments

This reserve represents the cumulative effect of fair value fluctuations of investments made by the Group in equity instruments
of other entities. The cumulative gain or loss arising on such changes are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
and accumulated under this reserve. This will not be reclassified to the statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
Fair value of Debt Instruments

This reserve represents the cumulative effect of fair value fluctuations in debt investments made by the Group to earn contractual
cash flows and which are available for sale. The cumulative gain or loss arising on such changes are recognised through Other
Comprehensive Income (OCI) and accumulated under this reserve. This amount will be reclassified to the statement of profit and
loss in subsequent periods on disposal of respective instruments.
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve

The cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of gains or losses arising on changes in fair value of
designated portion of hedging instruments entered into for cash flow hedges. The cumulative gain or loss arising on such changes
are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and accumulated under this reserve. Such gains or losses will be
reclassified to statement of profit and loss in the period in which the hedged item occurs/ affects the statement of profit and loss.
K.
Translation Reserve on Consolidation

The exchange differences arising from the translation of financial statements of foreign operations with functional currency other
than Indian rupees is recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and is presented within equity in the foreign currency
translation reserve.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS
(At Amortised Cost)
Particulars
Non Current
Current Maturities*
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured Loans
Term Loans
From Banks
A
1,600.62
-
717.60
-
From Oil Industry Development Board (OIDB)
B
-
24.70
24.97
50.00
From State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamilnadu
Limited (SIPCOT)
158.12
-
Total Secured Loans
1,758.74
24.70
742.57
50.00
Unsecured Loans
Bonds/ Debentures

Rupee Bonds/ Debentures
16,996.93
16,913.38
5,635.84
6,194.01
16,996.93
16,913.38
5,635.84
6,194.01
Debentures

Non-Convertible Debentures
E
-
810.00
-
840.73
-
810.00
-
840.73
Term Loans

From Banks/ Financial Institutions

In Foreign Currency Loans
F
26,219.89
23,942.87
8,376.04
6,146.12

In Rupees
G
4,000.00
2,750.00
2,017.22
4,036.06

From Government

In Rupees
H
2,780.19
2,351.95
-
33,000.08
29,044.82
10,393.26
10,182.18
Total Unsecured Loans
49,997.01
46,768.20
16,029.10
17,216.92
Total Long-Term Borrowings
51,755.75
46,792.90
16,771.67
17,266.92
* Current maturities are carried to Note - 21: Borrowings - Current
Secured Loans
SBI Term loan
Particulars
Availed Date
Date of Repayment
Security Details
SBI Term loan of
H2316.81 crore
29. March 2025
Term loan shall be repayable in 36 structured monthly
payout of principal and interest over the period of 3
years from the date of drawal. Amount payable shall
be H716.19 crore (FY 2025-26), H770.95 crore (FY
2026-27) and H829.67 crore (FY 2027-28).
Charge created in favour
of State Bank of India for
providing term loan facility
against escrow account and
money lying therein.
Particulars
Availed
Date
Rate of
Interest
Date of Repayment
Security Details
Term Loan from
Oil Industry
Development
Board - H100 crore
31. March
6.16%
The loan will be for a period of 5 years with
1 year moratorium and repayable in 4 equal
installments. Interest payable on Quarterly
basis. Fully paid as per the repayment schedule.
First Mortgage and charge
on
Immovable
properties,
both
present
future
and First Charge by way of
Hypothecation on Movables
including movable machinery,
machinery spares, tools and
accessories, present and future,
pertaining to BS-VI project to
the extent of outstanding.
Term Loan from
Oil Industry
Development
Board - H100 crore
30. June
5.68%
The loan will be for a period of 5 years with
1 year moratorium and repayable in 4 equal
installments. Interest payable on Quarterly
basis.
Term Loan from OIDB
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS (Contd..)
Term Loan from SIPCOT
Particulars
Availed
Date
Rate of
Interest
Date of Repayment
Security Details
Term Loan from State
Industries Promotion
Corporation of Tamilnadu
Limited: Tranche-I H173.42
crore
10. May
0.10%
The Soft loan sanctioned in the
first year shall be repaid in full
along with interest in the month
of April in the 13th financial year.
Interest payable on Quarterly
basis.
First Mortgage and charge on All
Buildings and Plant & machinery
and Equipment with all accessories.
Hypothecated by way of First
charge as security for payment
by the Beneficiary to the SIPCOT
of the said principal sum together
with interest if any thereon and all
costs, charges and expenses which
may be incurred by the SIPCOT in
relation to this security.
Term Loan from State
Industries Promotion
Corporation of Tamilnadu
Limited: Tranche-II H196.98
crore
31. March
0.10%
Unsecured Loans
Repayment Schedule of Rupee Bonds/ Debentures
Particulars
Date of
Allotment
Coupon Rate
Date of Redemption
Indian Oil 2032 (Series XXIII) 25000
17. June 2022
7.79% p.a.payable
annually on 17 June
9 years, 9 months and 26
days from the deemed date of
allotment i.e. 12 April 2032
Indian Oil 2030 (Series XXVII) 250000
06. January
7.25% p.a. payable
annually on 06 January
of allotment i.e. 06 January
Indian Oil 2029 (Series XIV) 30000
amounting to H3,000 crore
22. October
7.41% p.a.payable
annually on 22 October.
10 years from the deemed
date of allotment i.e. 22
October 2029
Indian Oil 2029 (Series XXVI) 250000
16. July 2024
7.36% p.a. payable
annually on 16 July
of allotment i.e. 16 July 2029
Indian Oil 2027 (Series XXV) 25000
25. November
7.44% p.a.payable
annually on 25 November
of allotment i.e. 25 November
Indian Oil 2027 (Series XXIV) 25000
06. September
7.14% p.a.payable
annually on 06 September
of allotment i.e. 06 September
Indian Oil 2027 (Series XXI) 15000
amounting to H1,500 crore
18. February
6.14% p.a.payable
annually on 18 February
of allotment i.e. 18 February
Indian Oil 2026 (Series XX) 12902 debenture
of Face Value H10,00,000 each amounting to
H1,290.2 crore
25. January
5.60% p.a.payable
annually on 25 January
4 years, 11 months and 29
days from the deemed date of
allotment i.e. 23 January 2026
Indian Oil 2025 (Series XIX) 20000
amounting to H2,000 crore
20. October
5.50% p.a.payable
annually on 20 October.
of allotment i.e. 20 October
Indian Oil 2025 (Series XVIII) 16250
amounting to H1,625 crore
03. August
5.40% p.a.payable
annually on 03 August.
4 years, 8 months and 8 days
from the deemed date of
allotment i.e. 11 April 2025
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Repayment Schedule of Non-Convertible Debentures
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS (Contd..)
Particulars
Availed Date
Rate of Interest
Date of Redemption
Unsecured Redeemable Non-Convertible
Debentures of H 10 Lakhs each redeemable at par -
Series -I-2021
17. July 2020
5.78%
Principal repayable at the end of
5 years from date of availment.
Interest payable Annually.
Particulars of Loans
Date of Repayment
USD 100 Million Term Loan - SBI
07. April 2021
USD 100 Million Term Loan - SBI - GS
14. May 2021
USD 125 Million Term Loan from BOB
03. November 2021
USD 125 Million Term Loan from BOB
01. December 2021
USD 300 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2021
Payable immediately after 4 years
USD 250 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2021
USD 220 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2021
Payable immediately after 5 years & 5
months from the date of drawal
USD 300 Million Syndication Loan
13. October 2022
USD 3 Million Greenloan SBI Singapore
07. March 2024
USD 5 Million Greenloan SBI Singapore-2
06. May 2024
USD 4 Million Greenloan SBI Singapore-3
07. August 2024
USD 300 Million ECB Loan from BOB GIFT City
30. September 2024
USD 120 Million SBI NY
11. October 2024
USD 120 Million SBI NY T-2
04. November 2024
USD 300 Million ECB Loan from BOB GIFT City
26. November 2024
USD 60 Million SBI NY T-3
02. December 2024
USD 100 Million ECB Loan from PNB GIFT City
20. December 2024
USD 100 Million ECB Loan from UCO Bank Singapore
20. December 2024
USD 330 Million ECB Loan from SBI London
30. December 2024
USD 400 Million SBI NY
28. March 2025
Payable immediately after 3 years &
1 month from the date of drawal
CAD 52 Million Term Loan (Total Sanctioned facility
of CAD 580 Million, out of which CAD 528 million has
already been paid in FY 2024-25)
29. October 2020
CAD 171 Million Term Loan (Total Sanctioned facility of
CAD 385 Million)
21. August 2023
CAD 144.34 Million Term Loan (Total Sanctioned facility
of CAD 385 Million)
29. July 2024
Payable immediately after 1 year from
the date of drawal
USD 297.35 Million (Total Sanctioned facility of USD
300. Million)
24. January 2025
Payable immediately after 6 months
USD 100 Million DBS Bank Limited, Singapore
28. March 2024
Payable on 26 September 2025
Repayment Schedule of Term loans from Banks/ Financial Institutions in Foreign Currency
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 16: LONG TERM BORROWINGS (Contd..)
Repayment Schedule of Term loans from Banks/ Financial Institutions in Rupees
Particulars of Loans
Date of Repayment
EXIM Bank H750 crore Term Loan
30. September 2022
Payable immediately after 7 years
HDFC H1,000 crore Term Loan
06. February 2023
Payable immediately after 3 years
HDFC H1,000 crore Term Loan
31. March 2023
J&K Bank H2,000 crore Term Loan
27. June 2024
South Indian Bank H500 crore Term Loan
15. July 2024
Payable immediately after 35 months
from drawal
IndusInd Bank H750 crore Term Loan
29. July 2024
Repayment Schedule of Unsecured Interest Free Loans from Govt of Odisha

Interest free loan given by Odisha government for 15 years is disbursed in quarterly instalment of H175 crore starting from 1 April
2016 repayable after 15 years. Total loan disbursed till now is H6,300 crore which is repayable after 15 years from the quarter for
which the same is given i.e. in quarterly instalments starting from last week of June 2031 onwards. This loan being interest free
loan is accounted at fair value and accordingly accounting for government grant is done.
NOTE - 17: OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Interest accrued but not due on borrowings
-
28.37
Liability for Capital Expenditure
19.05
32.10
11,082.13
10,493.97
Liability to Trusts and Other Funds
-
118.35
29.21
Employee Liabilities
-
1,772.10
2,661.60
Unpaid Dividend
-
190.23
95.05
Unpaid Matured Deposits
-
0.01
Derivative Instruments at Fair Value
-
222.47
361.08
Security Deposits
137.34
161.33
36,511.85
35,232.17
Others
43.04
39.68
1,390.85
1,703.45
Total
199.43
233.11
51,287.99
50,604.91
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Provision for Employee Benefits
874.77
917.06
145.99
123.28
Decommissioning Liability
A
531.86
497.76
13.59
7.16
Contingencies for probable obligations
B
-
11,327.29
12,941.55
Less: Deposits
-
1,474.13
2,443.73
-
9,853.16
10,497.82
Total
1,406.63
1,414.82
10,012.74
10,628.26
NOTE - 18: PROVISIONS
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 18: PROVISIONS (Contd..)
In compliance of Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets , the required information is as under :
Particulars
Opening
Balance
Addition
Utilization
Reversals
Unwinding of
discount and changes
in the discount rate
Closing
Balance
Decommissioning Liability -
E&P Blocks
504.93
29.63
-
4.23
15.14
545.47
Previous Year Total
489.81
22.34
0.29
10.49
3.56
504.93
Particulars
Opening
Balance
Addition during
Utilization
Reversals during
Closing
Balance*
Excise
16.54
2.60
-
0.05
19.09
Sales Tax / GST
2,818.11
57.91
10.37
1,838.20
1,027.45
Entry Tax
5,530.88
-
5,530.88
Others
4,576.03
566.36
215.57
176.94
4,749.88
Total
12,941.56
626.87
225.94
2,015.19
11,327.30
Previous Year Total
12,552.06
674.43
162.55
122.39
12,941.55
In compliance of Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets , the required information is as under :
Addition includes
Reversal includes
-
capitalized
28.79
0.15
-
included in Raw Material
7.93
-
included in Finance Cost
345.32
-
included in Employee Benefit Expenses
-
46.87
-
included in Other Expenses
232.75
3.11
-
included as provision for tax
-
32.57
-
included in Other Comprehensive Income
-
71.83
-
included in Other Operating Revenues
12.08
22.64
-
included in Exceptional Items
-
1,838.02

* Expected timing of outflow is not ascertainable at this stage as the matters are under dispute with respective authorities.
NOTE - 19: DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
The item wise details of Deferred Tax Liability (net):
Particulars
As on
01.04.2024
of Profit and Loss *
Provided
31.03.2025
Deferred Tax Liability
Related to Fixed Assets
22,105.67
1,257.07
-
23,362.74
Fair valuation of Equity instruments
1,213.79
-
57.95
1,271.74
Others
146.53
9.59
-
156.12
Total Deferred Tax Liability (A)
23,465.99
1,266.66
57.95
24,790.60
Deferred Tax Assets
Provision on Inventories, Debtors, Loans and Advance,
Investments
1,477.39
36.66
-
1,514.05
Compensation for Voluntary Retirement Scheme
1.07
(0.32)
-
0.75
2,974.88
(262.95)
-
2,711.93
Carry Forward Business Losses/ Unabsorbed Depreciation
1.85
91.31
-
93.16
Remeasurement of defined benefit plan
(8.92)
0.04
-
(8.88)
MTM on Hedging Instruments
(0.75)
-
0.71
(0.04)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 19: DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET) (Contd..)
Particulars
As on
01.04.2024
of Profit and Loss *
Provided
31.03.2025
Fair value of debt instruments
11.62
-
(47.31)
(35.69)
Unused Tax Loss (Long Term Capital Loss)
12.07
37.09
-
49.16
Others
36.08
(234.88)
-
(198.80)
Total Deferred Tax Assets (B)
4,505.29
(333.05)
(46.60)
4,125.64
Deferred Tax Liability (net) (A-B)
18,960.70
1,599.71
104.55
20,664.96
Particulars
As on
01.04.2023
of Profit and Loss *
Provided
31.03.2024
Deferred Tax Liability
Related to Fixed Assets
20,850.40
1,255.27
-
22,105.67
Fair valuation of Equity instruments
231.70
-
982.09
1,213.79
Others
150.97
(4.44)
-
146.53
Total Deferred Tax Liability (A)
21,233.07
1,250.83
982.09
23,465.99
Deferred Tax Assets
Provision on Inventories, Debtors, Loans and Advance,
Investments
1,378.74
98.65
-
1,477.39
Compensation for Voluntary Retirement Scheme
1.11
(0.04)
-
1.07
2,919.58
55.30
-
2,974.88
Carry Forward Business Losses/ Unabsorbed
Depreciation
1.51
0.34
-
1.85
Remeasurement of defined benefit plan
(4.36)
(4.71)
0.15
(8.92)
MTM on Hedging Instruments
(46.64)
-
45.89
(0.75)
Fair value of debt instruments
(10.61)
-
22.23
11.62
Unused Tax Loss (Long Term Capital Loss)
14.59
(2.52)
-
12.07
Others
178.73
(142.65)
-
36.08
Total Deferred Tax Assets (B)
4,432.65
4.37
68.27
4,505.29
Deferred Tax Liability (net) (A-B)
16,800.42
1,246.46
913.82
18,960.70

* Includes translation reserve of H25.17 crore due to translation of Opening Balance at Closing Exchange Rate.

* Includes translation reserve of H15.73 crore due to translation of Opening Balance at Closing Exchange Rate.
Reconciliation between the average effective tax rate and the applicable tax rate is as below :
Particulars
%
Profit Before Tax
17,063.45
57,287.79
Tax as per applicable Tax Rate
25.168
4,294.53
25.168
14,418.19
Tax effect of:
Income that are not taxable in determining taxable profit
(4.947)
(844.14)
(1.012)
(579.76)
Expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit
1.059
180.78
0.307
175.87
Variation in allowance/ disallowances considered
(3.022)
(515.73)
(0.261)
(149.67)
Expenses/income related to prior years
(1.015)
(173.14)
0.083
47.29
Difference in tax due to income chargeable to tax at special rates
0.067
11.35
0.016
9.13
Share of profit of JVs/ Associates added net of tax in PBT of Group
0.652
111.19
0.023
12.89
Different or nil tax rates of Group Companies
0.251
42.80
(0.031)
(17.50)
Effect of Taxes in foreign jurisdiction
0.979
167.13
0.389
222.70
Others
(0.001)
(0.16)
(0.022)
(12.50)
Average Effective Tax Rate/ Income Tax Expenses
19.191
3,274.62
24.660
14,126.64
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 20: OTHER LIABILITIES (NON FINANCIAL)
Particulars
Non Current
Current
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Government Grants (Refer Note 43)
3,908.98
3,532.44
383.91
308.23
Statutory Liabilities
-
9,323.19
9,821.73
Advances from Customers
13.39
-
3,833.74
3,729.60
Others
A
700.19
529.13
1,246.79
1,381.29
Total
4,622.56
4,061.57
14,787.63
15,240.85
A. Includes

1. Includes liability towards Fleet Customers
961.22
1,098.02
2. Non-refundable Deposits from Dealers pending
amortisation
698.12
527.17
64.96
51.98
NOTE - 21: BORROWINGS - CURRENT
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
SECURED LOANS
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks/ Financial Institutions

In Foreign Currency
2,638.08
2,545.61

In Rupee
A

Working Capital Demand Loan
4,466.59
7,565.08

Cash Credit
238.16
19.06
7,342.83
10,129.75
From Others

Loans through Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL)
B
6,170.40
5,554.54
Current maturities of long-term debt (Refer Note 16)
742.57
50.00
Total Secured Loans
14,255.80
15,734.29
UNSECURED LOANS
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks/ Financial Institutions

In Foreign Currency
43,157.97
36,057.92

In Rupee
16,518.33
7,650.96
59,676.30
43,708.88
Other Loans and Advances
843.09
0.58
Current maturities of long-term debt (Refer Note - 16)
16,029.10
17,216.92
Total Unsecured Loans
76,548.35
60,926.38
Total Short-Term Borrowings
90,804.15
76,660.67
A. Against hypothecation by way of first pari passu charge on Inventories, Trade
Receivables, Outstanding monies, Receivables, Claims, Contracts, Engagements to
SBI and HDFC Banks. The quarterly returns of current assets filed by the group with
banks are in agreement with the books of account.
B. Against pledging of the following to CCIL:

Government Securities including OMC GOI Special Bonds (Refer Note 4)
6,334.89
5,531.00
NOTE - 22: TRADE PAYABLES
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises
1,422.49
1,423.70
Dues to Related Parties
1,446.92
1,292.73
Dues to Others
57,665.53
56,737.67
Total
60,534.94
59,454.10
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 22: TRADE PAYABLES (Contd..)
Ageing of Trade Payables
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Less than
More than
Current Year
MSME*
543.74
868.20
10.33
-
1,422.27
ii) Others
2,311.44
46,797.60
8,611.68
340.44
278.02
211.89
58,551.07
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME*
0.01
0.22
-
0.23
iv) Disputed Dues - Others
322.01
67.58
6.52
(1.29)
15.82
150.73
561.37
Total
3,177.20
47,733.60
8,628.53
339.15
293.84
362.62
60,534.94
Previous Year
MSME*
452.50
957.86
13.18
-
1,423.54
ii) Others
3,500.98
43,651.02
9,583.56
406.57
15.55
35.95
57,193.63
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME*
0.01
0.16
-
0.17
iv) Disputed Dues - Others
286.34
321.91
25.95
4.99
52.15
145.42
836.76
Total
4,239.83
44,930.95
9,622.69
411.56
67.70
181.37
59,454.10
*Micro and Small Enterprises in line with Note -22: Trade Payables
Note: Generally, undisputed Trade Payables are settled on or before the due dates and amount outstanding beyond due dates are on
account of pending compliance of Contractual/ Statutory requirement by Vendors.
NOTE - 23: REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Particulars
Sale of Products and Crude (Net of Discounts)
8,54,593.70
8,76,654.76
Sale of Services
310.65
196.83
Other Operating Revenues (Note "23.1")
4,409.96
4,284.26
8,59,314.31
8,81,135.85
Subsidy From Central/State Government
48.42
99.60
Grant from Government of India
-
Total
8,59,362.73
8,81,235.45
Notes
1)
The MoPNG, vide letter dated 30.04.2020 had conveyed to Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) that where Market Determined Price
(MDP) of LPG cylinders is less than its Effective Cost to Customer (ECC), the OMCs will retain the difference in a separate buffer
account for future adjustment. However, as on 31st March 2025, the Parent Company had a cumulative negative buffer of H19,926
crore (2024: H1,017 crore) as the retail selling price was less than MDP and accordingly, revenue to this extent has not been
recognized. This amount is after adjustment of one-time grant of H10,801 crore provided by Government of India in FY 2022-23
against under-recoveries on sale of Domestic LPG during FY 2021-22 and FY 2022-23 and cumulative uncompensated cost of
H5,460 crore (2024: H4,796 crore).
2)
Pursuant to the efforts made regularly by the Parent Company, Railway Board has finally amended the Rate Contract with
retrospective effect resulting into increase in revenue from operation of H1,565 crore during the year towards product supplies
made in earlier periods.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 23.1: OTHER OPERATING REVENUES
Particulars
Sale of Power and Water
468.77
484.90
Revenue from Construction Contracts
26.72
13.99
158.27
329.35
Provision for Doubtful Advances, Claims, and Stores written back
124.60
3.11
Provision for Contingencies written back
22.64
48.13
Reversal of Impairment Loss
58.43
-
Recoveries from Employees
0.09
0.33
Operating License Fees
1,441.78
1,318.51
Income from Non Fuel Business
425.02
375.18
Commission and Discount Received
0.91
0.69
Sale of Scrap
332.66
350.17
Income from Finance Leases
0.24
0.25
Amortization of Capital Grants
66.92
31.85
Revenue Grants
314.20
288.49
Terminalling Charges
52.38
47.90
Other Miscellaneous Income
916.33
991.41
Total
4,409.96
4,284.26
Particulars
Interest on
A
Financial items

Deposits with Banks
244.02
201.13

Customers Outstandings
373.26
410.37

Oil Companies GOI SPL Bonds/ Other Investment
649.57
989.59

Other Financial Items
382.45
333.60
Total interest on Financial items
1,649.30
1,934.69
Non-Financial items
80.02
111.40
1,729.32
2,046.09
Dividend
B
1,538.79
1,198.16
Profit on sale and disposal of Assets
-
33.29
Gain on Derivatives
61.96
84.09
Fair value Gain on Financial instruments classified as FVTPL
0.70
92.37
Gain on Remeasurement of PMUY Assets
107.24
336.61
Other Non Operating Income
75.72
47.95
Total
3,513.73
3,838.56
A 1. Includes Tax Deducted at Source
0.80
22.56
A 2. Includes interest received under section 244A of the Income Tax Act.
39.70
79.16
A 3. Include interest on

Current Investments
649.57
968.02

Non-Current Investments
-
21.57
A 4. Total interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) for
financial assets:

In relation to Financial assets classified at amortised cost
999.73
945.10

In relation to Financial assets classified at FVOCI
649.57
989.59
B Dividend Income consists of Dividend on

Non-Current Investments
1,538.80
1,195.03
Particulars relating to Revenue Grants are given in Note - 43.
NOTE - 24: OTHER INCOME
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 25: COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
Particulars
Opening Stock
47,670.39
46,598.85
Add: Purchases
4,40,620.98
4,47,555.97
4,88,291.37
4,94,154.82
Less: Closing Stock
38,478.74
47,670.38
Total
4,49,812.63
4,46,484.44
Particulars
Closing Stock
Finished Products
45,272.10
44,818.83
Work-In-Progress
9,566.65
10,993.86
Stock- in - trade
12,749.84
10,986.15
67,588.59
66,798.84
Less: Opening Stock
Finished Products
44,818.82
42,959.35
Work-In-Progress
10,993.86
10,846.81
Stock - in - Trade
10,986.16
14,283.20
66,798.84
68,089.36
Net Increase / (Decrease)
789.75
(1,290.52)
Particulars
Salaries, Wages, Bonus etc
7,804.96
8,829.08
Contribution to Provident & Other Funds
1,514.20
1,316.51
Voluntary Retirement Compensation
0.68
2.02
Staff Welfare Expenses
1,560.02
1,523.33
Total
10,879.86
11,670.94
NOTE - 26: CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK-IN-TRADE AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS
NOTE - 27: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Excludes H 376.79 crore (2024: H430.77 crore) included in capital work in progress (construction period expenses - Note-2.2) /
intangible assets under development (Note - 3.1) and H 25.81 crore (2024: H21.79 crore) included in CSR expenses (Note - 29.1).
Disclosure in compliance with Indian Accounting Standard-19 on Employee Benefits is given in Note - 36.
NOTE - 28: FINANCE COSTS
Particulars
Interest Payments on Financial items

Bank Borrowings
5,691.52
4,698.51

Bonds/Debentures
776.57
1,116.45

Lease Obligations
940.33
863.14

Unwinding of Discount
203.06
171.45

Other financial items
563.12
189.90
8,174.60
7,039.45
Interest Payments on Non Financial items

Unwinding of Discount
20.30
18.65

Others
A
296.79
525.72
317.09
544.37
8,491.69
7,583.82
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 28: FINANCE COSTS (Contd..)
Particulars
Other Borrowing Cost
B
14.94
14.83
Applicable Net (Gain) / Loss on Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation
755.30
227.00
Total
9,261.93
7,825.65
A. Mainly includes Interest on Kandla Port Trust Rental Liability
180.9
167.12
B. Mainly pertains to franking charges, service charges & other indirect expenses
on borrowings.
Total interest expense (calculated using the effective interest method) for financial
liabilities that are not at fair value through profit or loss
8,174.60
7,039.45
NOTE - 29: OTHER EXPENSES
Particulars
Consumption
a) Stores, Spares and Consumables
2,301.13
2,941.18
b) Packages & Drum Sheets
581.04
574.84
2,882.17
3,516.02
Power & Fuel
39,830.43
37,728.92
Less : Fuel from own production
28,545.57
29,100.85
11,284.86
8,628.07
Throughput, Processing & Blending Fees, Royalty and Other Charges
1,483.62
1,564.25
Octroi, Other Levies and Irrecoverable taxes
2,950.20
2,828.50
Repairs and Maintenance
i) Plant & Equipment
5,997.55
5,039.26
ii) Buildings
494.21
427.84
iii) Others
831.48
762.81
7,323.24
6,229.91
Freight, Transportation Charges and Demurrage
16,850.12
16,870.37
Office Administration, Selling and Other Expenses (Note "29.1")
12,926.86
11,696.86
Total
55,701.07
51,333.98
Less: Group use of own Products and Crude
1,471.13
1,316.42
Total (Net)
54,229.94
50,017.56
NOTE - 29.1: OFFICE,ADMINISTRATION,SELLING AND OTHER EXPENSES
Particulars
Rent
853.47
835.31
Insurance
427.00
467.13
Rates & Taxes
353.86
280.44
Donation
9.50
-
Payment to auditors

As Auditors
5.78
5.30

Other Services(for issuing other certificates etc.)
2.10
1.97

For reimbursement of expenses
0.36
0.45
8.24
7.72
Travelling & Conveyance
909.12
834.31
Communication Expenses
124.42
82.01
Printing & Stationery
46.83
45.89
Electricity & Water
506.95
470.37
Bank Charges
52.58
54.98
Advances, Claims, CWIP, etc. written off
25.75
1.35
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 29.1: OFFICE,ADMINISTRATION,SELLING AND OTHER EXPENSES (Contd..)
Particulars
Provision/ Loss on Assets sold or written off (Net)
48.68
-
Technical Assistance Fees
62.97
115.92
Exchange Fluctuation (net)
2,313.31
1,254.96
Provision for Doubtful Advances, Claims, CWIP, Stores etc.
74.90
150.96
Security Force Expenses
1,148.78
1,089.63
Sales Promotion and Publicity
934.71
1,444.28
Handling Expenses
1,020.09
902.64
Terminalling Charges
17.82
10.07
Provision for Probable Contingencies
12.08
9.30
Exploration & Production Cost
1,996.60
1,934.98
Expenses on Construction Contracts
111.84
10.77
Expenses on CSR Activities
632.42
464.44
Training Expenses
121.44
121.81
Legal Expenses / Payment To Consultants
254.10
251.39
Notices and Announcement
12.30
20.60
Pollution Control Expenses
128.42
110.64
Amortisation and Remeasurement of PMUY Assets
27.19
30.26
Miscellaneous Expenses
691.49
694.70
Total
12,926.86
11,696.86
Particulars
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
78.18
(43.30)
Fair value of Equity Instruments
(1,706.77)
14,535.48
Share of Joint Ventures and associates in Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
(4.76)
1.94
(1,633.35)
14,494.12
Income Tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
(18.76)
10.78
Fair value of Equity Instruments
(57.95)
(982.09)
Share of Joint Ventures and associates in Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
1.18
(0.54)
(75.53)
(971.85)
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value of Debt Instruments
112.95
(15.25)
Gain/(Loss) on Hedging Instruments
(7.17)
(182.34)
Translation Reserve on Consolidation
874.82
(458.54)
Share of Joint Ventures and associates in Translation Reserve on Consolidation
(75.08)
73.74
905.52
(582.39)
Income Tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value of Debt Instruments
(47.31)
22.23
Gain/(Loss) on Hedging Instruments
0.71
45.89
(46.60)
68.12
Total
(849.96)
13,008.00
NOTE - 30: OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 31: DISTRIBUTIONS MADE AND PROPOSED
Particulars
Cash Dividends on Equity Shares declared
Final Dividend
Final Dividend during the current year for previous financial year: H 7.00 per share
(2024: H 3.00 per share)
9,640.09
4,131.47
Interim Dividend
Total Interim Dividend for current financial year: Nil per share (2024: H 5.00 per share ).
-
6,885.78
Total
9,640.09
11,017.25
Proposed Dividend on Equity Shares
Final proposed Dividend for current financial year: H 3.00 per share (2024: H 7.00 per share)
4,131.47
9,640.09
Particulars
Profit/ (loss) attributable to Equity holders (H in crore)
13,597.84
41,729.69
Weighted Average number of Equity Shares used for computing Earning Per Share (Basic)
13771560699
Weighted Average number of Equity Shares used for computing Earning Per Share (Diluted)
13771560699
Earnings Per Share (Basic) (H)
9.87
30.30
Earnings Per Share (Diluted) (H)
9.87
30.30
Face value per share (H)
10.00
Notes
1.
349677684 (2024: 349677684) Equity Shares held under IOC Shares Trust (Shareholder) of face value H 349.68 crore (2024:
H 349.68 crore) have been netted off from paid up capital. IOC Shares Trust have waived its right to receive the Dividend w.e.f.
March 02, 2020 and therefore Dividend on shares held by IOC Shares Trust was neither proposed in the last year nor during the
current financial year.
2.
The Parent Company has also incurred expenses on distribution of final dividend amounting to H 0.19 crore (2024: H 0.11 crore)
and on distribution of interim dividend amounting to NIL (2024: H 0.26 crore) which have been debited to equity.
NOTE- 32: EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
Basic and Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent by the
weighted average number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year.
The following reflects the profit/ (loss) and number of shares used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:
Note
1.
349677684 (2024: 349677684) Equity Shares held under IOC Share Trust of face value H 349.68 crore (2024: H 349.68 crore) have
been excluded from weighted average number of Equity Shares and EPS is computed accordingly.
NOTE - 33A: GROUP INFORMATION AND MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
Information about subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements of the Group includes subsidiaries listed in the table below:
Name
Principal Activities
Principal Place
of Business
Equity Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Refining of petroleum products
India
51.89%
Terminalling, Retailing &
Aviation refuelling
Mauritius
100.00%
Retailing, Terminalling & Bunkering
Sri Lanka
75.12%
IOC Middle East FZE
Lube blending & marketing of lubricants
UAE
100.00%
IOC Sweden AB
Investment Company for E&P Project
in Venezuela & Israel
Sweden
100.00%
Participation in Shale Gas Asset Project
USA
100.00%
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 33A: GROUP INFORMATION AND MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES (Contd..)
Name
Principal Activities
Principal Place
of Business
Equity Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Investment Company for E&P Project
in Canada
Netherlands
100.00%
Investment Company for E&P Project
in Russia, Oman & Abu Dhabi
Singapore
100.00%
IOC Global Capital Management IFSC
Financial Services
India
100.00%
E&P business
India
100.00%
-
Green business
India
100.00%
-
The Holding Company
51.5% of total shares are held by President of India as at March 31,2025 (March 31, 2024: 51.5%)
Material Subsidiaries
Financial information of subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests is provided below:
1.
Proportion of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
Name
Principal Place of
Business
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
India
48.11%
Sri Lanka
24.88%
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Accumulated balances of material non-controlling interest:

3,948.22
4,243.74

589.12
502.96
Profit/(loss) allocated to material non-controlling interest:

103.00
1,320.65

88.00
110.80
2.
Information regarding non-controlling interest:
The summarised financial information of these subsidiaries are provided below. This information is based on amounts before inter-
Company eliminations.
1.
Summarised Balance Sheet
Particulars
Chennai Petroleum
Lanka IOC
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Current assets
8,891.68
10,088.16
2,616.02
2,516.18
Current liabilities
7,580.72
7,307.61
1,026.29
783.70
8,173.31
8,243.11
793.68
291.97
1,277.62
2,202.74
15.55
2.89
Net assets
8,206.65
8,820.92
2,367.86
2,021.56
Accumulated Non-Controlling Interests
3,948.22
4,243.74
589.12
502.96
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
2.
Summarised Statement of Profit and Loss
NOTE - 33A: GROUP INFORMATION AND MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES (Contd..)
Particulars
Chennai Petroleum
Lanka IOC
Revenue From Operations
71,049.95
79,272.54
7,854.49
6,887.44
Other Income
25.24
10.47
142.63
134.61
Cost of Material Consumed
55,347.72
60,402.61
-
Excise Duty
11,693.93
12,886.81
-
Purchases of Stock in trade
206.96
481.77
7,747.35
5,950.80
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade
and work in progress
855.62
(831.68)
(532.28)
225.98
Employee Benefits Expense
464.68
546.71
39.06
35.28
Finance Costs
244.52
223.28
14.46
15.19
606.39
605.63
17.29
11.18
Impairment Losses
0.32
-
0.94
2.80
Other Expenses
1,465.22
1,310.72
279.48
254.31
Profit before exceptional items and tax
189.83
3,657.16
430.82
526.51
Share of Profit of Joint Ventures/Associates
58.83
36.53
-
Profit/(loss) before tax
248.66
3,693.69
430.82
526.51
Tax expense
34.57
948.62
77.14
81.14
214.09
2,745.07
353.68
445.37
Other Comprehensive Income
(9.35)
2.83
66.14
109.63
204.74
2,747.90
419.82
555.00
Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests
103.00
1,320.65
88.00
110.80
Dividends paid to Non-Controlling Interests
394.03
193.43
18.29
14.06
Particulars
Chennai Petroleum
Lanka IOC
Operating Activities
1,352.37
2,694.25
(82.95)
567.44
Investing Activities
(649.49)
(589.20)
(52.24)
(501.99)
Financing Activities
(519.08)
(2,106.11)
11.50
(57.96)
Currency Translation Difference
-
4.90
16.17
Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
183.80
(1.06)
(118.79)
23.66
3.
Summarised Cash Flow Information
NOTE - 33B: INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE & ASSOCIATES
Details of Interest in Joint Ventures & Associates is as under:
Name of entity
Principal Place of
Business
Equity Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Joint Ventures
India
50.00%
India
26.00%
India
50.00%
India
49.99%
Indian Oil Skytanking Private Limited
India
50.00%
Nigeria
25.00%
India
37.00%
India
50.00%
Indian Oil Ruchi Biofuels LLP@
India
50.00%
NPCIL - IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited
India
26.00%
India
26.00%
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 33B: INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE & ASSOCIATES (Contd..)
Name of entity
Principal Place of
Business
Equity Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
India
26.00%
India
50.00%
India
25.00%
India
50.00%
India
45.00%
Petronet CI Limited@@
India
26.00%
Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited#
India
29.67%
Ratnagiri Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited
India
50.00%
India
20.00%
India
50.00%
India
50.00%
India
50.00%
India
49.00%
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited##
India
37.97%
India
50.00%
India
33.33%
IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited###
India
50.00%
Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited####
India
50.00%
Associates
India
25.00%
India
50.00%
India
12.50%
Petronet India Limited@@@
India
18.00%
@IndianOil has exited the Joint Venture, IndianOil Ruchi Biofuels LLP (M/s IORB) by giving notice of its exit from the LLP to the other JV partner viz. Ruchi
Soya Industries Limited (M/s Ruchi) as well as to the LLP on December 26, 2018 stating that IT will exit the LLP w.e.f. January 25, 2019. The time frame for
completing exit formalities by M/s Ruchi by filing requisite forms with ROC was within 30 days of notice expiry period (i.e., by February 24, 2019) however
the same is still pending and IndianOil's name is appearing on ROC website as Partner in the said LLP. IT has been informed that M/s Ruchi was under
Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process and has been taken over by Patanjali Ayurveda Limited. All necessary documents have been provided to M/s Ruchi
@@Petronet CI Ltd. is a JV amongst Indian Oil, PIL, RIL, NEL and BPCL. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending with Official
Liquidator since 2006.
@@@Petronet India Limited is a JV amongst Indian Oil, BPCL, HPCL, RIL, NEL, IL&FS, SBI and ICICI. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending
#The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 23.11.2022 has accorded in-principle approval for disinvestment of Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited.
##The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 28.03.2024 has accorded in-principle approval for revision in capital structure of CBRPL with 75% equity from
IndianOil and 25% equity from CPCL. Upon IndianOil acquiring the balance 50% equity shares, CBRPL would become a Subsidiary of IndianOil.
###IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited has been incorporated on 21st June 2024 as a Joint Venture of Indian Oil Corporation Limited and GPS Renewables
Private Limited each holding 50% equity.
####Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited has been incorporated on 15th July 2024 as a Joint Venture of Indian Oil Corporation Limited Sun Mobility Pte. Limited
each holding 50% equity.
Notes
1.
The financials of Joint Operations as mentioned in Note 34 have been included in the financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation
Limited and Subsidiary Companies and in respect of other Joint Ventures/Associates of Subsidiary Companies, the same has
been included in the financial statements of respective subsidiary Company.
2.
Ujjwala Plus Foundation is a joint venture of IOCL, BPCL and HPCL with fund contribution in the ratio of 50:25:25 which was
incorporated as a Company limited by guarantee (without share capital) under section 8 of Companies Act, 2013. The Board of
IndianOil at its meeting held on 14.03.2023 has accorded in-principle approval for closure of Ujjwala Plus Foundation.
3.
The Parent Company invested in Joint Ventures and Associates engaged in various business activities across hydrocarbon value
chain. These include exploration, production, refining, transportation & marketing of petroleum products, petrochemicals, lubes,
gas distribution & marketing, alternate energy and the related business segments.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 33B: INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE & ASSOCIATES (Contd..)
Summarised Financials of Material Associate / Joint Venture
I.A. Summarised Balance Sheet of Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Current assets
825.12
892.44
Current liabilities
351.16
291.21
970.26
590.63
182.13
278.88
Net assets
1,262.09
912.98
Proportion of the Group s ownership
631.05
456.49
Carrying amount of the investment
631.88
457.03
Particulars
Revenue From Operations
2,005.78
1,582.11
Interest Income
36.00
25.85
Other Income
0.92
0.58
Revenue From Operations
2,042.70
1,608.54
Cost of Material/Service Consumed
1,176.64
974.67
Employee Benefits Expense
44.81
41.36
Finance Costs
23.32
31.21
47.66
53.77
Other Expenses
245.73
241.38
Profit/(loss) Before tax
504.54
266.15
Tax expense
Current Tax
131.82
73.54
Deferred Tax
(3.08)
(5.80)
Profit (Loss) for the year
375.80
198.41
Other Comprehensive Income
0.05
0.65
375.85
199.06
Group's Share in above
187.90
99.20
Other Comprehensive Income
0.03
0.33
187.93
99.53
Dividend received
13.37
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents
72.79
54.59
Current Financial Liabilities
326.49
263.76
Non-current financial liabilities
105.29
199.99

The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the followings
I.B. Summarised Statement of Profit and Loss of M/s Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
II.A. Summarised Balance Sheet of M/s Indian Oil Petronas Private Limited
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Current assets
1,406.50
1,319.26
Current liabilities
284.97
326.61
899.31
927.14
208.90
221.79
Net assets
1,811.94
1,698.00
Proportion of the Group s ownership
905.97
849.00
Carrying amount of the investment
833.52
776.63
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 33B: INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE & ASSOCIATES (Contd..)
Particulars
Revenue From Operations
3,461.86
3,268.02
Interest Income
74.64
63.33
Other Income
-
31.42
Revenue From Operations
3,536.50
3,362.77
Cost of Material/Service Consumed
2,777.68
2,608.79
Employee Benefits Expense
20.13
21.50
Finance Costs
16.91
17.29
64.19
52.94
Other Expenses
214.60
225.19
Profit/(loss) Before tax
442.99
437.06
Tax expense
Current Tax
118.05
111.93
Deferred Tax
(3.50)
(0.91)
Profit (Loss) for the year
328.44
326.04
Other Comprehensive Income
(0.08)
-
328.36
326.04
Group's Share in above
164.22
163.02
Other Comprehensive Income
(0.04)
-
164.18
163.02
Dividend received
107.20
80.40
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Carrying Amount of Investments
Joint Ventures
13,388.15
11,602.02
Associates
2,522.32
2,181.40
Aggregate amounts of the group s share of other Joint Ventures:
Share of Profits After Tax
568.41
75.18
Other comprehensive income
(77.42)
73.78
490.99
148.96
Aggregate amounts of the group s share of other Associates:
Share of Profits After Tax
510.47
438.20
Other comprehensive income
(1.21)
1.03
509.26
439.23
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Capital Commitments
2,172.33
3,835.98
Contingent Liabilities
342.13
312.58
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents
178.69
139.57
Current Financial Liabilities
152.78
185.41
Non-current financial liabilities
133.59
143.65
The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the followings
II.B. Summarised Statement of Profit and Loss of M/s Indian Oil Petronas Private Limited
Details in respect of other Joint Venture & Associates:
Group's share in Capital Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in respect of Joint Venture & Associates is as under:
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 34: INTEREST IN JOINT OPERATIONS
The Group s interest in Joint Operations are as under:
Name
Principal place of
business
Proportion of Ownership Interest
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
E&P Blocks
1). AA-ONN-2001/2
A
India
20.00%
2). GK-OSN-2009/1
B
India
25.00%
3). AAP-ON-94/1
India
29.03%
4). AA/ONDSF/UMATARA/2018
India
90.00%
5). BK-CBM-2001/1
India
20.00%
6). NK-CBM-2001/1
India
20.00%
7). FARSI BLOCK IRAN
Iran
40.00%
8). SHAKTHI GABON
Gabon
50.00%
9). AREA 95-96
Libya
25.00%
10). RJ-ONHP-2017/8
India
30.00%
11). AA-ONHP-2017/12
India
20.00%
12). MB/OSDSF/WO5/2021
E
India
30.00%
13). KG/OSDSF/CHANDRIKA/2021
India
30.00%
14). AA-ONHP-2018/3
F
India
30.00%
15). AA-ONHP-2018/5
India
30.00%
16). RJ-ONHP-2018/2
F
India
30.00%
17). RJ-ONHP-2019/2
G
India
30.00%
18). RJ-ONHP-2019/3
G
India
30.00%
19). North Montney Joint Venture
Canada
10.00%
20). Niobrara Shale Project
USA
10.00%
21). Mukhaizna Oil Field
Oman
17.00%
Others
22) INDOIL Netherlands B.V.
H
Netherlands
50.00%

Exploration License expired on October 7, 2015. Consortium has requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for
Appraisal phase, however vide letter dated March 6, 2019, IT was opined to carry out Exploration activity instead of Appraisal
work. Accordingly, Operator requested DGH for extension of exploration period. Response from DGH is awaited.

Appraisal period has expired on February 1, 2022. Consortium had requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for

The project s exploration phase under Exploration Service Contract ended on June 24, 2009. National Iranian Oil Company
(NIOC) has signed a Development Service Contract (DSC) for Farzad-B gas field (Farsi field) development with a local Iranian
Company. The Company along with other Indian Consortium partners are in discussion with NIOC on the way forward.

The block is under relinquishment.

Board approved the relinquishment of the block in its meeting dated December 20, 2024. Request for Management committee
meeting towards relinquishment has been submitted to DGH vide letter dt. March 04, 2025. Response from DGH is awaited.

Exploration period has expired on February 28, 2025. Consortium had requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH)
for extension. Response from DGH is awaited.

Exploration period has expired on March 16, 2025. Consortium had requested Directorate General of Hydrocarbon (DGH) for

IOC Sweden AB through its JV INDOIL Netherlends B.V has invested in Petrocarabobo project, the outcome of this investment
may get delayed due to the political and economic situation in Venezuela.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 34: INTEREST IN JOINT OPERATIONS (Contd..)
The Group share of Financial position of Joint Operations are as under:
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Assets
11,231.66
10,619.61
PPE ( including Producing Properties)
7,692.58
7,319.48
Capital Work in Progress
527.59
493.57
Intangible Asset under Development (Net of Provisions)
1,746.97
1,957.31
Other Assets (Net of Provisions)
1,264.52
849.25
Liabilities & Provisions
7,128.64
6,448.45
Liabilities
6,570.88
5,938.81
Provisions
557.76
509.64
Income
3,362.33
3,240.43
Sale of Products (Net of Own Consumption)
3,267.24
3,236.31
Other Income
95.09
4.12
Expenditure
3,360.63
3,199.74
Expenditure written off (incl exploration related)
24.93
-
Other Costs (incl exploration related)
3,335.70
3,199.74
Net Results
1.70
40.69
Commitments
2,301.17
2,515.82
Contingent Liabilities
-
12.16
Name
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
(i) Assets
355.73
288.29
-
Intangible Assets under Development
317.40
273.34
-
Capital Work in Progress
0.02
0.09
-
Other Assets
38.31
14.86
(ii) Liabilities
218.92
147.76
-
Provisions
4.45
4.26
-
Other Liabilities
214.47
143.50
(iii) Income
86.16
0.51
-
Other Income
86.16
0.51
(iv) Expenses
131.19
62.62
-
Exploration expenditure written off
21.48
-
Other exploration costs
109.71
62.62
(v) Cash Flow
-
Net Cash from/(used) in operating activities
24.15
(54.50)
-
Net Cash from/(used) in investing activities
(11.21)
(72.48)

Note: Including financial position of relinquished blocks.
NOTE - 35A: DISCLOSURE RELATING EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES
In compliance of Ind-AS-106 on Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources , the disclosure of financial information relating to
activity associated with the exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources (crude oil, natural gas etc.) are as under:
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 35B: IN COMPLIANCE OF REVISED GUIDANCE NOTE ON ACCOUNTING FOR OIL AND GAS PRODUCING
ACTIVITIES, THE REQUIRED DISCLOSURES IN RESPECT OF RESERVES ARE AS UNDER
Net Proved Reserves of Crude Oil, Condensate, Natural Gas Liquids and Gas
Assets
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
TMT
Million Cubic
Meter
TMT
Million Cubic
Meter
A). Proved Reserves

Niobrara Shale Project, USA
Begining
182.22
56.07
236.56
76.70
Addition
110.97
31.59
-
Deduction
-
32.19
12.74
Production
46.42
11.16
22.15
7.88
Balance
246.77
76.50
182.22
56.07

Pacific Northwest LNG, Canada
Begining
1,826.47
14,903.56
1,904.45
14,793.66
Addition
(12.21)
1,047.17
33.64
951.16
Deduction
-
Production
143.53
1,028.26
111.62
841.26
Balance
1,670.73
14,922.47
1,826.47
14,903.56

Oman
Begining
5,078.09
-
5,362.52
-
Addition
-
396.36
-
Deduction
-
Production
632.94
-
680.79
-
Balance
4,445.15
-
5,078.09
-

Assam AAP-ON-94/1
Begining
5.65
778.19
10.43
838.26
Addition
49.39
524.01
-
Deduction
-
Production
3.97
53.28
4.78
60.07
Balance
51.07
1,248.92
5.65
778.19

Jharkhand BK-CBM-2001/1
Beginning
-
150.21
-
Addition
-
Deduction
-
Production
-
9.25
-
Balance
-
140.96
-

Gujarat CB-ONN-2005/9
Begining
468.25
16.85
-
Addition
-
Deduction
-
Production
-
Balance
468.25
16.85
-

Total Proved Reserves
6,881.97
16,405.70
7,092.43
15,737.82
B). Proved developed Reserves

Niobrara Shale Project, USA
Begining
98.23
30.79
64.52
24.91
Addition
76.45
23.21
55.86
13.76
Deduction
-
Production
46.42
11.16
22.15
7.88
Balance
128.26
42.84
98.23
30.79

Pacific Northwest LNG, Canada
Begining
673.44
5,604.69
602.20
4,806.05
Addition
278.81
2,619.38
182.86
1,639.90
Deduction
-
Production
143.53
1,028.26
111.62
841.26
Balance
808.72
7,195.81
673.44
5,604.69

Oman
Begining
4,276.24
-
4,575.39
-
Addition
-
381.64
-
Deduction
-
Production
632.94
-
680.79
-
Balance
3,643.30
-
4,276.24
-
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Assets
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
TMT
Million Cubic
Meter
TMT
Million Cubic
Meter

Assam AAP-ON-94/1
Begining
5.65
778.19
10.43
838.26
Addition
49.39
524.01
-
Deduction
-
Production
3.97
53.28
4.78
60.07
Balance
51.07
1,248.92
5.65
778.19

Jharkhand BK-CBM-2001/1
Beginning
-
Addition
-
135.62
-
Deduction
-
Production
-
9.25
-
Balance
-
126.37
-

Gujarat CB-ONN-2005/9
Begining
230.49
8.29
-
Addition
-
Deduction
-
Production
-
Balance
230.49
8.29
-

Total Proved developed Reserves
4,861.84
8,622.23
5,053.56
6,413.67
Details
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
Condensate, NGLs
Natural Gas
TMT
Million Cubic
Meter
TMT
Million Cubic
Meter
A). Proved Reserves

U.S.
246.77
76.50
182.22
56.07

Canada
1,670.73
14,922.47
1,826.47
14,903.56

Oman
4,445.15
-
5,078.09
-

India
519.32
1,406.73
5.65
778.19

Total Proved Reserves
6,881.97
16,405.70
7,092.43
15,737.82
B). Proved developed Reserves

U.S.
128.26
42.84
98.23
30.79

Canada
808.72
7,195.81
673.44
5,604.69

Oman
3,643.30
-
4,276.24
-

India
281.56
1,383.58
5.65
778.19

Total Proved developed Reserves
4,861.84
8,622.23
5,053.56
6,413.67
NOTE - 35B: IN COMPLIANCE OF REVISED GUIDANCE NOTE ON ACCOUNTING FOR OIL AND GAS PRODUCING
ACTIVITIES, THE REQUIRED DISCLOSURES IN RESPECT OF RESERVES ARE AS UNDER: (Contd..)
Net Proved Reserves & Proved developed Reserves of Crude Oil, Condensate, Natural Gas Liquids and Gas on Geographical Basis:
Frequency
The Group uses in house study as well as third party agency each year for reserves certification who adapt latest industry practices for
reserve evaluation. For the purpose of estimation of Proved and Proved developed reserves, deterministic method is used by the Group.
The annual revision of estimates is based on the yearly exploratory and development activities and results thereof.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 36: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Disclosures in compliance with Ind-AS 19 on Employee Benefits is as under:
Defined Contribution Plans- General Description

Employee Pension Scheme (EPS-95)

During the year, the Group has recognised H25.43 crore (2024: H27.27 crore) as contribution to EPS-95 in the Statement of Profit
and Loss/ CWIP (included in Contribution to Provident and Other Funds in Note - 27/ Construction period expenses in Note-2.2) .

Pension Scheme

During the year, the Group has recognised H435.52 crore (2024: H442.28 crore) towards Defined Contributory Employees Pension
Scheme (including contribution in corporate National Pension Scheme) in the Statement of Profit and Loss/ CWIP (included in
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds in Note - 27/ Construction period expenses in Note-2.2).
Defined Benefit Plans- General Description

Provident Fund

The Group s contribution to the Provident Fund are remitted to the separate provident fund trusts established for this purpose
based on a fixed percentage of the eligible employee s salary and charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Shortfall of net
income of trust below Government specified minimum rate of return, if any, and loss to the trust due to its investments turning
stressed are being made good by the Group.

Gratuity

Each employee rendering continuous service of 5 years or more is entitled to receive gratuity amount based on completed tenure
of service subject to maximum of H0.20 crore at the time of separation from the group. Besides, the ceiling of gratuity increases by
25% whenever IDA rises by 50% with reference to January 01, 2017.

Post Retirement Medical Benefit Facility (PRMBF)

PRMBF provides medical coverage to retired employees and their eligible dependant family members.

Resettlement Benefit

Resettlement benefit is allowed to employees to facilitate them to settle down upon retirement.

Ex gratia Scheme

Ex-gratia is payable to those employees who have retired before January 01, 2007 and either not drawing pension from
superannuation benefit fund (as they superannuated prior to January 01, 1987, i.e. introduction of superannuation benefit fund
scheme in IndianOil) or are drawing a pension lower than the ex gratia fixed for a Grade (in such case differential amount between
pension and ex gratia is paid).

Employees Compensation for injuries arising out of or during the course of employment:

Employees covered under the Employees Compensation Act, 1923 who meet with accidents, while on duty, are eligible for
compensation under the said Act. Besides, a lumpsum monetary compensation equivalent to 100 months Pay (BP+DA) is paid
in the event of an employee suffering death or permanent total disablement due to an accident arising out of and in the course of
his employment.

Felicitation of Retired Employees

The Parent Company has a scheme to felicitate retired employees on attaining different age milestones with a token
lumpsum amount.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Other Long-Term Employee Benefits - General Description

Leave Encashment

Each employee is entitled to get 8 earned leaves for each completed quarter of service. Encashment of earned leaves is allowed
during service leaving a minimum balance of 15 days subject to maximum accumulation of 300 days. In addition, each employee
is entitled to get 5 sick leaves (in lieu of 10 Half Pay Leave) at the end of every six months. The entire accumulation of sick leave
is permitted for encashment only at the time of retirement. DPE had clarified earlier that sick leave cannot be encashed, though
Earned Leave (EL) and Half Pay Leave (HPL) could be considered for encashment on retirement subject to the overall limit of 300
days. Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MoPNG) has advised the Parent Company to comply with the said DPE Guidelines.
However, in compliance to the DPE guidelines of 1987 which had allowed framing of own leave rules within broad parameters
laid down by the Government and keeping in view operational complications and service agreements the parent Company had
requested concerned authorities to reconsider the matter. Subsequently, based on the recommendation of the 3rd Pay Revision
Committee, DPE in its guidelines on pay revision, effective from January 01, 2017 has inter-alia allowed CPSEs to frame their own
leave rules considering operational necessities and subject to conditions set therein. The requisite conditions are fully met by the
Parent Company.

Long Service Award

On completion of specified period of service with the Group and also at the time of retirement, employees are rewarded with
amounts based on the length of service completed. IT is a mode of recognizing long years of loyalty and faithful service in line
with Bureau of Public Enterprises (currently DPE) advice vide its DO No. 7(3)/79-BPE (GM.I) dated February 14, 1983. On receipt
of communication from MoPNG advising us that the issue of Long Service Award has been made into an audit para in the Annual
Report of CAG of 2019, the Parent Company has been clarifying its position to MoPNG individually as well as on industry basis as
to how Long Service Awards are not in the nature of Bonus or Ex-gratia or honorarium and is emanating from a settlement with the
unions under the Industrial Dispute Act as well as with the approval of the Board in line with the DPE s advice of 1983. The matter
is being pursued with MoPNG for resolution. Pending this the provision is in line with Board approved policy.

Leave Fare Allowance (LFA) / Leave Travel Concession (LTC)

LTC is allowed once in a period of two calendar years (viz. two yearly block). An employee has, in any given block period of two
years, an option of availing LTC or encashing the entilements of LFA.
The summarised position of various Defined Benefit Plans recognised in the Statement of Profit & Loss, Balance Sheet and
Other Comprehensive Income are as under:

(Figures given in Unbold & Italic Font in the table are for previous year)

Reconciliation of balance of Defined Benefit Plans
NOTE - 36: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Defined Obligation at the beginning of
20,446.53
2,700.17
8,586.65
114.11
260.83
491.38
19,741.15
2,723.44
7,917.28
113.08
258.19
470.85
Opening Balance Adjustment
12.73
-
6.19
-
Current Service Cost
560.50
57.97
331.31
14.52
-
1.64
670.03
54.79
315.43
15.34
-
1.61
Past Service Cost
-
3.79
-
Interest Cost
1,673.57
194.88
621.67
8.23
18.80
35.58
1,603.13
204.19
596.17
8.47
19.26
35.46
961.85
-
1,006.85
-
Net Liability transferred In / (Out)
211.90
-
192.68
-
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 36: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Benefits paid
(2,923.95)
(261.56)
(355.05)
(9.32)
(41.72)
(22.44)
(2,640.00)
(292.81)
(331.46)
(7.51)
(40.92)
(22.46)
(117.08)
11.15
116.71
(9.92)
12.00
(22.56)
(133.50)
10.56
89.23
(15.27)
20.51
5.92
20,826.05
2,702.61
9,301.29
117.62
249.91
483.60
20,446.53
2,700.17
8,586.65
114.11
260.83
491.38
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Fair Value of Plan Assets at the
20,796.99
2,759.36
8,588.42
-
19,908.73
2,817.21
7,728.12
-
Opening Balance Adjustment
(118.70)
-
Interest Income
1,673.41
199.16
621.80
-
1,602.60
211.26
581.93
-
Contribution by employer
559.95
60.55
378.14
-
670.03
0.82
557.27
-
961.85
-
1.20
-
1,006.85
-
1.10
-
Net Liability transferred In / (Out)
211.90
-
192.62
-
Benefit paid
(2,923.95)
(245.12)
(355.05)
-
(2,640.00)
(278.65)
(324.05)
-
Re-measurement (Return on plan
assets excluding Interest Income)
13.47
17.83
51.14
-
56.16
8.72
44.05
-
21,174.92
2,791.78
9,285.65
-
20,796.99
2,759.36
8,588.42
-

Reconciliation of balance of Fair Value of Plan Assets

(iii) Reconciliation of Fair Value of Plan Assets and Defined Benefit Obligation
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
21,174.92
2,791.78
9,285.65
-
20,796.99
2,759.36
8,588.42
-
the year (Net of Interest Shortfall)
20,826.05
2,702.61
9,301.29
117.62
249.91
483.60
20,446.53
2,700.17
8,586.65
114.11
260.83
491.38
Amount not recognised in the Balance
Sheet (as per para 64 of Ind-As 19)
352.92
-
352.73
-
Net Liability/ (Assets) recognised in the
Balance Sheet
4.05
(89.17)
15.64
117.62
249.91
483.60
2.27
(59.19)
(1.77)
114.11
260.83
491.38
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 36: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)

(iv) Amount recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss / Construction Period Expenses
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Current Service Cost
560.50
57.97
331.31
14.52
-
1.64
670.03
54.79
315.43
15.34
-
1.61
Past Service Cost
-
3.79
-
Net Interest Cost
0.16
(4.28)
(0.13)
8.23
18.80
35.58
0.53
(7.07)
14.24
8.47
19.26
35.46
Contribution by Employees
-
(1.03)
-
(1.10)
-
Expected Contribution for NPA
-
due to Future Interest Shortfall
-
Expenses for the year
560.66
53.69
330.15
22.75
18.80
37.22
670.56
47.72
328.57
23.81
23.05
37.07
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
-
Due to change in Demographic
-
Due to change in Financial
1.62
75.43
312.05
5.73
6.00
12.45
(5.22)
59.15
119.73
4.67
2.31
41.53
-
Due to Experience
(118.70)
(64.28)
(195.34)
(15.65)
6.00
(35.01)
(9.58)
(48.59)
(30.50)
(19.94)
18.20
(35.61)
Re-measurement (Return on plan
assets excluding Interest Income)
-
17.83
51.14
-
8.72
44.05
-
Amount recoverable from employee
adjusted in OCI
-
Net Loss / (Gain) recognized in OCI #
(117.08)
(6.68)
65.57
(9.92)
12.00
(22.56)
(14.80)
1.84
45.18
(15.27)
20.51
5.92
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Discount rate
6.89%
7.05%
6.89%
6.71%
7.05%
7.21%
7.24%
7.21%
7.24%
Salary escalation
-
8.00%
-
8.00%
-
Inflation
-
8.00%
6.00%
-
8.00%
6.00%
-

Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

# Net of Translation difference loss/ (gain) amounting to H 0.44 crore (2024: H(0.08) crore).

(vi) Major Actuarial Assumptions*
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 36: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)
Particulars
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Average Expected Future Service/
Obligation (Years)
-
Mortality rate during employment
Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14) Urban
Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14) Urban

In case of funded schemes above, expected return on plan assets is same as that of respective discount rate.

The estimate of future salary increases considered in actuarial valuation takes account of inflation, seniority, promotion and
other relevant factors such as supply and demand factors in the employment market.

* Assumptions considered in actuarial valuation of defined benefit obligations of the Parent Company.

(vii) Sensitivity on Actuarial Assumptions
Loss/(Gain) for
Provident
Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Change in Discounting Rate
Increase by 1%
-
(221.92)
(1,312.12)
(16.59)
(8.81)
(50.00)
-
(207.84)
(409.68)
(15.39)
(9.17)
(71.82)
Decrease by 1%
-
263.35
1,772.61
21.00
9.58
54.90
-
245.61
495.86
19.43
9.99
25.48
Change in Salary Escalation
Increase by 1%
-
55.55
-
52.64
-
Decrease by 1%
-
(64.22)
-
(59.78)
-
Change in Inflation Rate
Increase by 1%
-
1,185.93
-
1,049.31
-
Decrease by 1%
-
(951.33)
-
(860.10)
-

(viii) Investment details:
Particulars
Provident Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Funded
Funded
Funded
Investment with Insurer
-
99.66%
89.55%
-
99.62%
89.54%
Self managed investments
100.00%
0.34%
10.45%
100.00%
0.38%
10.46%
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 36: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Contd..)

Details of the investment pattern for the above mentioned funded obligations are as under:
Particulars
Provident Fund
Gratuity
PRMS
Funded
Funded
Funded
Government Securities (Central & State)
52.98%
95.79%
16.92%
52.37%
87.92%
18.07%
Investment in Equity / Mutual Funds
10.60%
1.07%
46.85%
9.22%
0.97%
37.97%
Investment in Debentures / Securities
32.34%
1.05%
36.03%
35.50%
10.86%
43.74%
Other approved investments (incl. Cash)
4.08%
2.09%
0.21%
2.91%
0.24%
0.23%
Cash Flow Projection from the
Fund/Employer
Gratuity
PRMS
Resettlement
Allowance
Ex-Gratia
Felicitation
Funded
Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Non-Funded
Within next 12 Months
273.06
358.01
6.40
48.80
29.56
299.75
335.46
7.10
50.26
27.94
Between 1 to 5 Years
941.00
1,561.18
19.96
143.09
125.02
985.71
1,461.03
21.27
150.48
120.61
Between 6 to 10 Years
964.41
2,230.87
26.81
92.39
179.65
1,030.27
2,082.67
28.94
100.44
176.17
* In case of Parent Company, pending receipt of investment pattern from LIC, pattern above pertains to self managed funds & funds managed by other
insurers and the actual investment pattern after considering the details from LIC shall vary.

(ix) The following payments are expected projections to the defined benefit plan in future years:
NOTE - 37: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Leases
As Lessee

The Group has entered into various material lease arrangements (including in substance lease arrangements) such as lands and
buildings for the purpose of its plants, facilities, offices, retail outlet etc., storage tankages facility for storing petroleum products,
time charter arrangements for transportation of crude and petroleum products, transportation agreement for dedicated tank
trucks for road transportation of petroleum products, handling arrangement with CFA for providing dedicated storage facility and
handling lubes, supply of utilities like Hydrogen, Oxygen, Nitrogen and Water,way leave licences and port facilities among others.

There are no significant sale and lease back transactions and lease agreements entered by the Group do not contain any material
restrictions or covenants imposed by the lessor upto the current reporting period.

Details of significant leases entered by the Group (including in substance leases) are as under;

1.
Various arrangements on BOO/BOOT basis for Tankages facility, Water Intake facility, Quality Control Lab, Plants for supply
of utility gases at Refineries for periods ranging from 10-25 years. In case of BOOT contracts, Lessor will transfer ownership
to IOCL at the end of contract period at Nil/Nominal value

2.
Leasehold lands from government for the purpose of plants, facilities and offices for the period 30 to 90 years.

3.
Agreements with vessel owners for hiring of dedicated time charter vessels for transportation of Group's crude and petroleum
products, these are classified as Transport Equipments.

4.
Agreements with Tank truck operators for providing dedicated tank trucks for transportation of Group s petroleum products.

5.
Arrangement for lease of land/ dedicated storage tanks for operating Retail Outlets for sale of Petroleum products, setting up
terminals/Bottling plant/Lube Blending plant for storing petroleum products/bottling LPG/Manufacturing Lubes respectively.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 37: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)

6.
CFA handling arrangement with CFAs for providing dedicated storage facility for handling lubes.

7.
Employee Township at Cauvery Basin Refinery of CPCL (Subsidiary) has been constructed on land area of thirty four acres
and forty nine cents leased from a trust on five year renewable basis.

Amount Recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss or Carrying Amount of Another Asset
Particulars
Depreciation recognized
3,249.07
2,932.10
Interest on lease liabilities
952.76
878.60
Expenses relating to short-term leases (leases more than 30 days
but less than 12 months)*
843.01
953.41
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding
short term leases of Low value assets
37.20
32.40
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
lease liabilities
10,461.42
10,140.92
Income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets
-
As Rental income from Operating Lease
18.10
19.04
-
As Finance income from Finance Lease of RoU Asset
0.24
18.34
0.25
19.29
Total cash outflow for leases
4,040.94
4,914.46
Additions to ROU during the year
3,623.72
3,294.03
Gain or losses arising from sale and leaseback transactions
-
Net Carrying Amount of ROU at the end the year
10,472.64
10,096.71
Others including Disputed, Leave & License, Reversal of excess
liability of previous year, exchange fluctuation on lease liability etc.
349.43
324.99

*Includes Leases for which agreement are yet to be entered or due for renewal.

The details of ROU Asset included in PPE (Note 2) held as lessee by class of underlying asset are presented below :-

Asset Class
Net Carrying
April 01, 2024
Additions to RoU
Asset during the
Year**
Depreciation
Recognized
During the Year**
Net Carrying
March 31, 2025
Leasehold Land
4,341.91
881.26
395.96
4,827.21
312.23
58.03
39.87
330.39
Plant & Equipment
3,211.82
157.09
324.09
3,044.82
Transport Equipments
2,230.75
2,528.93
2,489.46
2,270.22
Railway Sidings
-
Total
10,096.71
3,625.31
3,249.38
10,472.64
Asset Class
Items Added
to RoU Asset
as on April 1,
Additions to RoU
Asset during the
Year**
Depreciation
Recognized
During the Year**
Net Carrying
March 31, 2024
Leasehold Land
4,225.25
461.98
345.31
4,341.91
326.58
42.03
56.38
312.23
Plant & Equipment
3,420.54
95.35
304.07
3,211.82
Transport Equipments
1,762.37
2,695.07
2,226.69
2,230.75
Railway Sidings
0.01
-
0.01
-
Total
9,734.75
3,294.43
2,932.46
10,096.71

** Additions to RoU Asset during the year is net of RoU Assets given on Sublease or modifications and cancellations during the year, if any.

**Includes H 1.59 crore (2024: H 0.40 crore) on account of FCTR difference in Additions and H 0.31 crore (2024: H 0.36 crore) under Depreciation.

As per requirement of the standard, maturity analysis of Lease Liabilities have been shown separately from the maturity analysis
of other financial liabilities under Liquidity Risk-Note 41: Financial Instruments & Risk Factors.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 37: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)

Details of items of future cash outflows which the Group is exposed as lessee but are not reflected in the measurement of lease
liabilities are as under:

Variable Lease Payments

Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are to be included in the measurement of lease liability although
not paid at the commencement date. As per general industry practice, the Group incurs various variable lease payments
which are not based any index or rate (variable based on kms covered or % of sales etc.) and are recognized in profit or loss
and not included in the measurement of lease liability. Details of some of the arrangements entered by the Group which
contain variable lease payments are as under:

1.
Transportation arrangement based on number of kms covered for dedicated tank trucks with different operators for
road transportation of petroleum, petrochemical and gas products.

2.
Leases of Land of Retail Outlets based on Sales volume.

3.
Rent for storage tanks for petroleum products on per day basis.

4.
Payment of VTS software and VSAT equipment based on performance of equipment.

5.
Payment of SD WAN equipment & software based on performance of equipment.

Extension and Termination Options

The Group lease arrangements includes extension options only to provide operational flexibility. Group assesses at every
lease commencement whether IT is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options and further reassesses whether IT
is reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances within its
control. However, where Group has the sole discretion to extend the contract such lease term is included for the purpose of

The Group has the sole discretion to terminate the lease in case of lease agreement for Retail Outlets. However, Group
is reasonably certain not to exercise the option in view of significant improvement and prominent importance of Retail
to the entity's operations. Accordingly, such lease term without any effect of termination is considered for the purpose of

(iii) Residual Value Guarantees

The Group have entered into various BOOT agreements wherein at the end of lease term the leased assets will be transferred
to the Group at Nominal value which has no significant impact on measurement of lease liabilities.

(iv) Committed leases which are yet to commence

1.
The Group has entered into 4 nos. of lease agreements on BOO/ BOOT basis for Tankages facility and supply of utilities
at multiple refineries for a period ranging from 15-20 years. IOCL has sub leased the land for the construction of the
plant. Lease will commence once plant is commissioned.

2.
The Group has paid Advance Upfront Premium of H 19.70 crore to MSRDC for land for Retail outlets at Aurangabad
and Mumbai for the period of 30 years. The land is yet to be handed over to Group and therefore the amount is lying as
Capital Advance and shall form part of ROU Assets once lease is commenced.

3.
The Group has entered into lease agreement for sourcing e-locks from various vendors for a period of 3 years (with an
option to extend at the option of IOCL) at rate ranging from H 1,200-1,650/month and for 1 vendor H 2,450/month. As at
March 31, 2025, 4,111 no's are yet to be supplied. However, the same are low value items.

4.
The Group has entered into lease agreement with Andhra Pradesh State Civil Supplies for land for 1 Retail Outlet at Vizag
for a period of 20 years at an monthly rental of H 20,000/- with an increment of 10% in every 3 years. The possession of
land is not given and the matter is pending in the court.

5.
The Group has entered into centralised lease agreement with M/s Trimble for rent payment of H373/month for VTS
software for POL trucks customised to IOCL requirement for a period of 5 years. As at March 31, 2025, total 19,039 Nos
are yet to be installed. However, payment is in the nature of variable lease payment.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

6.
The Group has entered into lease agreement with various vendors for VTS software of LPG trucks for a period of 5 years
at a rental ranging from H 108-256/month. As at March 31, 2025 a total of 14,020 nos. of VTS are yet to be installed.
However, payment is in the nature of variable lease payment.

7.
The Group has entered into lease agreement with M/s Seven Islands Shipping Ltd for hiring time charter vessels for a
period of 2 years to be commenced from the month of Apr'2025.

8.
The Group has entered into lease agreement for Supply, Installation and Maintenance of Dual Network Connectivity
Solution (SD-WAN Solutions) with Managed Services on rental basis for ROs for a period of 5 years on OPEX Model with
monthly rental of H 2,113/-. Out of selected RO's, commissioning is pending in 1103 RO's. However, payment is in the
nature of variable lease payment.
As Lessor

Operating Lease

The lease rentals recognized as income in these statements as per the rentals stated in the respective agreements:
Particulars
Lease rentals recognized as income during the year
151.31
284.75
-
Variable Lease
58.07
166.29
-
Others
93.24
118.46
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
33.88
26.87
14.64
15.74
11.67
3.33
9.71
1.79
4.47
0.75
16.68
1.49
Total
91.05
49.97
Particulars
Selling Profit/(Loss)
-
Finance income on the net investment in the lease
0.24
0.25

These relate to Land/Buildings subleased for non fuel business, storage tankage facilities for petroleum products, Leave and
License model, machinery and office equipments given on lease. Asset class wise details have been presented under Note 2:
Property, Plant and Equipments.

Finance Lease

The Group has entered into the following material finance lease arrangements:

The Parent Company has entered into a lease agreement with Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited in which the
Parent Company has leased out land for one time upfront payment of H 16.65 crore.

Lease income from lease contracts in which the Group acts as a lessor is as below:
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Gross Investments in Finance Lease
16.65
20.89
Less: Unearned Finance Income
-
Less: Finance Income Received
-
0.29
Less: Minimum Lease payment received
16.65
20.35
-
0.25
Net Investment in Finance Lease as on Date
-
NOTE - 37: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 37: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Opening Net Investment in Finance Lease
-
0.74
Add: New Leases added during the year
-
Less: PV of Minimum Lease payment received during the year
-
0.49
Less: Adjustments during the year
-
0.25
Closing Net Investment in Finance Lease
-
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
-
Total Undiscounted Lease Payment
-
Less: Unearned finance Income
-
Net Investment in Finance Lease as on date
-

Contingent Liabilities
B.1 Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debt

Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debt amounting to H12,056.60 crore (2024: H9,098.38 crore) are as under:

B.1.1 H1,375.20 crore (2024: H702.08 crore) being the demands raised by the Central Excise /Customs/ Service Tax/GST Authorities
including interest of H767.72 crore (2024: H262 crore.)

B.1.2 H39.84 crore (2024: H39.84 crore) in respect of demands for Entry Tax from State Governments including interest of H9.44
crore (2024: H9.44 crore).

B.1.3 H767.16 crore (2024: H821.24 crore) being the demands raised by the VAT/ Sales Tax Authorities including interest of H265.89
crore (2024: H268.93 crore).

B.1.4 H1,146.96 crore (2024: H2,595.55 crore) in respect of Income Tax demands including interest of H125.23 crore (2024:
H228.00 crore).

B.1.5 H8,431.78 crore (2024: H4,771.12 crore) including H4,118.17 crore (2024: H4,033.35 crore) on account of Projects for which suits
have been filed in the Courts or cases are lying with Arbitrator. This includes interest of H1,054.37 crore (2024: H197.95 crore).

B.1.6 H295.66 crore (2024: H168.55 crore) in respect of other claims including interest of H44.99 crore (2024: H75.11 crore).

The Group has not considered those disputed demands/claims as contingent liabilities, for which, the outflow of resources has
been considered as remote. The Group does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a materially adverse effect on
its financial position. Contingent liabilities in respect of joint operations are disclosed in Note 34.
B.2. Guarantees excluding Financial Guarantees

*B.2.1 The Group has issued Corporate Guarantee, on behalf of IndianOil Adani Gas Private Limited (IOAGPL), to the extent of
obligations of later Company under Performance Bank Guarantee facility provided to IOAGPL by State Bank of India, Canara
Bank, Bank of Baroda, Indian Bank, IndusInd Bank, Jammu and Kashmir Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank. On 31st March,
2025, the Group s share of such obligation is estimated at H 3,472.15 crore (2024: H 3,472.15 crore).

*B.2.2 The Group has issued Parent Company Guarantee in favour of Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, on behalf of Urja Bharat
Pte. Ltd., Singapore (a joint venture Company of Parent Company's subsidiary i.e. IOCL Singapore Pte Ltd) to fulfill the
joint venture Company's future obligations of payment and performance of Minimum Work Programme. The total amount
sanctioned by the Board of Directors is USD 149.94 Million. The estimated amount of such obligation (net of amount paid)
is H 564.08 crore - USD 65.99 million (2024: H 144.30 crore - USD 17.30 million).
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

B.2.3 The Group has entered into Signature Bonus Agreement with Republic of Venezuela payable on achievement of various
project timelines. The estimated amount of such obligation is at H 483.81 crore (2024: H 472.37 crore).
* The Group has sought an opinion from Expert Advisory Committee (EAC) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India on treatment of these as Financial
Guarantee. On receipt of the EAC opinion, appropriate effect will be given in the books of account, if required.
B.3 Other money for which the Group is Contingently Liable

B.3.1 Pending decision of the Government, no liability could be determined and provided for in respect of additional compensation,
if any, payable to the land owners and the Government for certain lands acquired.

B.3.2 As on 31.03.2025, Parent Company has contingent liability of H 1,452.03 crore (2024: H 967.81 crore) towards custom duty for
capital goods imported under Manufacturing & Other operation in Warehouse Regulation (MOOWR) scheme against which
Parent Company has executed and utilised bond amounting to H 4,356.09 crore (2024: H 2,903.43 crore) which represents
three times of the custom duty. The firm liability towards such custom duty shall be contingent upon conditions (Rate of
custom duty/decision of Company to export, etc) at the time of filing of ex-bond bill of entry at the time of disposal. In case
the Parent Company decides to export such capital goods, the associated costs shall not be significant.
COMMITMENTS
C.1. Capital Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account and thus not provided for H 41,946.62 crore
(2024: H 61,201.75 crore) inclusive of taxes.
C.2. Other Commitments

The Group has an export obligation to the extent of H 219.05 crore (2024: H 219.05 crore) on account of concessional rate of duty
availed under EPCG license scheme on procurement of capital goods and the same is expected to be fulfilled by way of exports.
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures
As required by Ind-AS -24 Related Party Disclosures , are given below :
1.A) Details of Joint Ventures (JVs) / Associate Entities to IOCL & its Subsidiaries
JVs and Associates of IOCL
19). IndianOil - Adani Gas Private Limited
1 ) IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited
20). Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Private Limited
2 ) Lubrizol India Private Limited
21). Kochi Salem Pipeline Private Limited
3 ) Petronet VK Limited
22) Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited$
4 ) IndianOil Petronas Private Limited
23). Ratnagiri Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited
5 ) Avi-Oil India Private Limited
24). Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited
6 ) Petronet India Limited *
25) Ujjwala Plus Foundation^^
7 ) Petronet LNG Limited
26). IHB Limited
8 ) Green Gas Limited
27). IndianOil Total Private Limited
9) Petronet CI Limited @
28). IOC Phinergy Private Limited
10). IndianOil LNG Private Limited
29). Paradeep Plastic Park Limited
11). IndianOil SkyTanking Private Limited
30) Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited@@
12). Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited
31). IndianOil NTPC Green Energy Private Limited
13). Delhi Aviation Fuel Facility Private Limited
32). GH4India Private Limited
14). Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
33). IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited
(Incorporated on 21.06.2024)
15) Indian Oil Ruchi Biofuels LLP #
34). Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited
(Incorporated on 15.07.2024)
16). NPCIL- IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited
35). LPG Equipment Research Centre
17). GSPL India Transco Limited
36). Indian Oil Foundation
18). GSPL India Gasnet Limited
NOTE - 37: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Contd..)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
JVs and Associates of IOCL s Subsidiaries
37). Indian Additives Limited
45) INDOIL Netherlands B.V.
38). National Aromatics & Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 46) Bharat Energy Office LLC
39). Taas India PTE Limited
47). Trinco Petroleum Terminal (Private) Limited
40). Vankor India PTE Limited
48). Mer Rouge Oil Storage Terminal Limited
41). Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals Limited
49) Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited@@
42) Falcon Oil & Gas B.V.
50) I.O.M.L. Hulas Lube Private Limited
43). Urja Bharat PTE Limited
51) Sun Mobility Pte. Limited, Singapore (Since on 27.06.2024)
44). Beximco IOC Petroleum and Energy Limited
52). CPCL Educational Trust
1). IAV Engineering & Construction Services Limited
9). IAV Biogas Private Limited
2). IAV Infrastructures Private Limited
10). Petronet LNG Foundation (Limited by Guarantee)
3). IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited
11). Petronet Energy Limited
4). IAV Engineering Projects Limited
12). KazakhstanCaspishelf India Private Limited
5). JSC KazakhstanCaspishelf
13) Petronet LNG Singapore PTE. Limited
6). Indian Oiltanking Engineering & Construction Services
LLC Oman
14). IOSL Noida Private Limited
7) IoT Vito Muhendislik Insaat Ve Taahut A.S.
15). IAV Utkarsh Limited
8). IndianOil Skytanking Delhi Private Limited
16). IAV Urja Services Limited
17) IAV Udaan Limited (Incorporated on 19.04.2024)
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)
B)
Details of Subsidiaries to JVs of IOCL
*Petronet India Limited is a JV amongst IndianOil, BPCL, HPCL, RIL, NEL, IL&FS, SBI and ICICI. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending
@Petronet CI Ltd. is a JV amongst IndianOil, PIL, RIL, NEL and BPCL. The Company is under winding up and the matter is pending with Official Liquidator since 2006.
#IndianOil has exited the Joint Venture, IndianOil Ruchi Biofuels LLP (M/s IORB) by giving notice of its exit from the LLP to the other JV partner viz. Ruchi
Soya Industries Limited (M/s Ruchi) as well as to the LLP on December 26, 2018 stating that IT will exit the LLP w.e.f. January 25, 2019. The time frame for
completing exit formalities by M/s Ruchi by filing requisite forms with ROC was within 30 days of notice expiry period (i.e., by February 24, 2019) however
the same is still pending and IndianOil's name is appearing on ROC website as Partner in the said LLP. IT has been informed that M/s Ruchi was under
Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process and has been taken over by Patanjali Ayurveda Limited. All necessary documents have been provided to M/s Ruchi
$The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 23.11.2022 has accorded in-principle approval for disinvestment of Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited.
^^The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 14.03.2023 has accorded in-principle approval for closure of Ujjwala Plus Foundation.
@@The Board of IndianOil at its meeting held on 28.03.2024 has accorded in-principle approval for revision in capital structure of CBRPL with 75% equity from
IndianOil and 25% equity from CPCL. Upon IndianOil acquiring the balance 50% equity shares, CBRPL would become a Subsidiary of IndianOil.
C)
The following transactions were carried out with Joint Ventures (JVs)/ Associate of IOCL & their subsidiaries, JVs of Subsidiaries
of IOCL and Subsidiaries of IOCL and their related parties in the ordinary course of business:
Particulars
Sales of Products/Services
5,440.23
5,201.00
[Includes sales to IndianOil Petronas Private Limited ₹2,849.78 crore
(2024: ₹2,615.22 crore), Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited ₹1,024.13
crore (2024: ₹1,514.26 crore) and Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
₹768.64 crore (2024: ₹609.31 crore)]
Interest received
1.24
221.89
[Includes interest received from IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited ₹1.22 crore
(2024: ₹1.23 crore) and IndianOil LNG Private Limited- Nil (2024: ₹219.18 crore)]
Other Operating Revenue/Dividend/Other Income
247.19
496.00
[Includes Other Operating Revenue/Dividend/Other Income from Indian
Synthetic Rubber Private Limited ₹137.52 crore (2024: ₹121.03 crore), Falcon
Oil & Gas B V ₹47.55 crore (2024: ₹115.16 crore), Vankor India PTE Limited Nil
(2024: ₹125.74 crore) and Taas India PTE Limited Nil (2024: ₹55.48 crore)]
Purchase of Products
12,964.39
12,185.90
[Includes Purchase of Products from Petronet LNG Limited ₹10,944.61 crore
(2024: ₹10,685.34 crore)]
Purchase of Raw Materials/Others
7,755.55
7,818.71
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Outstanding Receivables/Loans
2,497.74
2,237.10
[Includes Outstanding Receivables/Loans from IndianOil LNG Private Limited
₹1,055.99 crore (2024: ₹1,056.21 crore) and Petronet LNG Limited ₹195.92
crore (2024: ₹226.63 crore)]
Outstanding Payables (Incl. Lease Obligation)
2,812.30
2,975.16
[Includes Outstanding payable to IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited ₹1,388.45
crore (2024: ₹1,683.84 crore) and Petronet LNG Limited ₹1,166.98 crore
(2024: ₹1,009.93 crore)]
Investments in JV/Associates as on date
21,549.16
19,373.87
Guarantees
Financial Guarantees
224.00
132.00
[Includes Financial Guarantees given to Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited
₹224.00 crore (2024: ₹132.00 crore)]
Particulars
[Includes Purchase of Raw Materials/Others from Petronet LNG Limited
₹4,391.12 crore (2024: ₹4,417.16 crore) and Falcon Oil & Gas B.V. ₹2,658.63
crore (2024: ₹2,717.76 crore)]
Interest paid
153.67
181.75
[Includes Interest paid to IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited ₹153.67 crore
(2024: ₹181.75 crore)]
Expenses Paid/(Recovered) (Net)
929.23
932.01
[Includes Interest paid to IndianOil Petronas Private Limited ₹294.30 crore
(2024: ₹329.51 crore), IndianOil Sky Tanking Private Limited ₹201.04 crore
(2024: ₹196.33 crore), IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited ₹139.68 crore
(2024: ₹120.05 crore) and IoT Utkal Energy Services Limited ₹95.46 crore
(2024: ₹91.41 crore)]
Investments made/(sold) during the year (Incl. Advance for Investment)
1,248.63
701.12
[Includes Investment made in Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited
₹185.01 crore (2024:Nil ), Kochi Salem Pipelines Private Limited ₹112.50 crore
(2024: ₹76.99 crore), IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited ₹54.15 crore
(2024:Nil )
and Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited- Nil (2024: ₹347.03 crore)]
Provisions made/(write back) during the year
95.24
-
[Includes Provision made/(written back) in GSPL India Transco Limited ₹95.24
crore (2024:Nil )]

Notes
1)
2)
In case of Joint Venture/ Subsidiary Companies constituted/acquired during the period, transactions w.e.f. date of constitution
/ acquisition is disclosed.
3)
In case of Joint Venture / Subsidiary Companies which have been closed/divested during the period, transactions up to the
date of closure / disinvestment only are disclosed.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)
Name of Government
Government of India (Central and State Government)
Nature of Transactions

N
Sale of Products and Services

N
Purchase of Products

N
Purchase of Raw Materials

N
Handling and Freight Charges, etc.
3)
Key Managerial Personnel
A. Whole Time Directors/ Company Secretary
B. Independent Directors
C. Government Nominee Directors
1). Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
(w.e.f. 13.11.2024)
1) Dr. (Prof.) Ram Naresh Singh
1) Dr. Sujata Sharma
2) Shri V. Satish Kumar
2) Dr.(Prof.) Ashutosh Pant
(Upto 23.11.2024)
2). Shri Sunil Kumar
(Upto 07.05.2024)
3) Shri N. Senthil Kumar
3) Dr. Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker (Upto
28.03.2025)
4). Shri Anuj Jain
4). Shri Prasenjit Biswas (Upto
28.03.2025)
5) Dr. Alok Sharma
5). Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
(Upto 23.11.2024)
6) Ms. Rashmi Govil
6). Shri Krishnan Sadagopan (Upto
28.03.2025)
7) Shri Arvind Kumar (w.e.f. 17.07.2024)
7). Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung (Upto
23.11.2024)
8) Shri Suman Kumar (w.e.f. 26.02.2025)
9) Shri S. M. Vaidya (Upto 31.08.2024)
10) Shri Sujoy Choudhury (Upto 31.08.2024)
11) Ms. Sukla Mistry (Upto 30.04.2024)
12). Shri Ranjan Kumar Mohapatra
(Upto 02.05.2023)
13) Dr. S. S. Ramakumar (Upto 31.07.2023)
14) Shri D. S. Nanaware (Upto 30.06.2023)
15) Shri Sanjay Kaushal (Upto 09.10.2023)
16). Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani

These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group's business on terms comparable to those with other entities
that are not Government-related.
2.
Government related entities where significant transactions carried out

Apart from transactions reported above, the Group has transactions with other Government related entities, which includes but not
limited to the following:
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)
D)
Details relating to the personnel referred to in Item No. 3A & 3B above:

Key Managerial Personnel
Short-Term
Employee
Benefits
Post
Employment
Benefits
Other
Long Term
Benefits
Total
Remuneration
Sitting
Fees
Outstanding
Loans (Gross)/
Advance
Receivables
Secretary
1). Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney
0.23
0.03
-
0.26
-
0.07
2) Shri V. Satish Kumar
0.76
0.09
-
0.85
-
3) Shri N. Senthil Kumar
0.73
0.09
0.22
1.04
-
0.02
4). Shri Anuj Jain
0.73
0.08
0.10
0.91
-
0.17
5) Dr. Alok Sharma
0.75
0.09
-
0.84
-
6) Ms. Rashmi Govil
0.85
0.09
0.11
1.05
-
7). Shri Arvind Kumar
0.46
0.07
0.11
0.64
-
0.04
8). Shri Suman Kumar
0.05
0.01
-
0.06
-
0.12
9) Shri S. M. Vaidya
0.34
0.05
0.21
0.60
-
10). Shri Sujoy Choudhury
0.39
0.91
0.12
1.42
-
11) Ms. Sukla Mistry
0.14
0.92
0.22
1.28
-
12). Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani
0.79
0.09
0.10
0.98
-
0.20
B. Independent Directors
1) Dr. (Prof.) Ram Naresh Singh
-
0.07
-
2) Dr.(Prof.) Ashutosh Pant
-
0.05
-
3) Dr. Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
-
0.06
-
4). Shri Prasenjit Biswas
-
0.08
-
5). Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
-
0.06
-
6). Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
-
0.05
-
7). Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
-
0.04
-
Total
6.22
2.52
1.19
9.93
0.41
0.62

Key Managerial Personnel
Short-Term
Employee
Benefits
Post
Employment
Benefits
Other
Long Term
Benefits
Total
Remuneration
Sitting
Fees
Outstanding
Loans (Gross)/
Advance
Receivables
Secretary
1) Shri V. Satish Kumar
0.71
0.08
0.11
0.90
-
2) Shri N. Senthil Kumar
0.39
0.05
0.17
0.61
-
0.03
3). Shri Anuj Jain
0.22
0.04
-
0.26
-
0.19
4) Dr. Alok Sharma
0.13
0.02
0.11
0.26
-
5) Ms. Rashmi Govil
0.03
0.01
-
0.04
-
0.08
6) Shri S. M. Vaidya
0.74
0.90
0.01
1.65
-
7). Shri Sujoy Choudhury
0.73
0.08
0.10
0.91
-
8) Ms. Sukla Mistry
0.67
0.08
-
0.75
-
9). Shri Ranjan Kumar Mohapatra
0.14
-
0.14
-
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)
Key Managerial Personnel
Short-Term
Employee
Benefits
Post
Employment
Benefits
Other
Long Term
Benefits
Total
Remuneration
Sitting
Fees
Outstanding
Loans (Gross)/
Advance
Receivables
10) Dr. S. S. V. Ramakumar
0.29
0.72
0.11
1.12
-
11) Shri D. S. Nanaware
0.50
0.80
0.11
1.41
-
12). Shri Sanjay Kaushal
0.41
0.04
0.01
0.46
13). Shri Kamal Kumar Gwalani
0.67
0.08
-
0.75
-
0.23
B. Independent Directors
1) Dr. (Prof.) Ram Naresh Singh
-
0.06
-
2) Dr.(Prof.) Ashutosh Pant
-
0.11
-
3) Dr. Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
-
0.11
-
4). Shri Prasenjit Biswas
-
0.14
-
5). Shri Sudipta Kumar Ray
-
0.11
-
6). Shri Krishnan Sadagopan
-
0.10
-
7). Shri Dilip Gogoi Lalung
-
0.08
-
Total
5.63
2.90
0.73
9.26
0.71
0.53

Notes

1)
This does not include the impact of provision made on actuarial valuation of retirement benefit/ long term Schemes and
provision made during the period towards Post Retirement Benefits as the same are not separately ascertainable for
individual directors.

2)
There were no Share Based Employee Benefits given to KMPs during the period.

3)
In addition, whole-time Directors are also allowed the use of Corporation's car for private purposes up to 12,000 kms. per
annum on a payment of H 2,000/- per mensem.

4)
Remuneration and Loan balances for KMP is reported for the period of tenure as KMP.
4)
Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel and nature of relation with whom transactions are undertaken during the year:

1)
Shri Siddharth Shrikant Vaidya (Assistant Manager (Production), Indian Oil Corporation Limited): Son of Shri S M Vaidya who
was Key Managerial Personnel up to 31.08.2024.

2)
Shri Vinayak Shrikant Vaidya (Production Engineer, Indian Oil Corporation Limited): Son of Shri S M Vaidya who was Key
Managerial Personnel up to 31.08.2024

Details relating to the parties referred above:
Particulars
Remuneration ^
Shri Siddharth Shrikant Vaidya
0.10
0.23
Shri Vinayak Shrikant Vaidya
0.07
0.16
Outstanding Receivables/ Loans ^
Shri Siddharth Shrikant Vaidya
0.10
0.12
Shri Vinayak Shrikant Vaidya
-

^Remuneration and Loan balances for relative of KMP is reported for the period of tenure of KMP.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note - 38: Related Party Disclosures (Contd..)
5)
Employee Benefit Trusts

Transactions with Post Employment Benefit Plans managed through separate trust:
Name of the Trust
Post
Employment
Benefit Plan
Contribution
Outstanding
Receivable/
(Payable)
Contribution
Outstanding
Receivable/
(Payable)
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
IOCL (Refinery Division) Employees
Provident Fund
Provident
Fund
274.99
(39.85)
264.97
8.64
Indian Oil Corporation Limited (Assam
Oil Division) Employees Provident Fund
Provident
Fund
16.24
0.41
17.42
(0.23)
Provident Fund for the Employees
of Indian Oil Corporation Limited
(Marketing Division)
Provident
Fund
244.13
(49.46)
244.48
(1.43)
IOCL Employees Superannuation
Benefit Fund
Pension
Scheme
87.72
12.37
108.75
2.25
IOCL Employees Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Fund
Post
Retirement
Medical
Scheme
368.37
64.74
546.37
70.45
IOCL Employees Group Gratuity Trust
Gratuity
59.74
49.41
-
39.96
CPCL Employees Provident Fund
Provident
Fund
25.26
2.11
25.00
2.07
CPCL Employees Superannuation
Benefit Fund
Pension
Scheme
9.12
-
10.25
-
NOTE - 39: SEGMENT INFORMATION
Operating Segment Reporting as per Ind-AS 108 for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as under:
Particulars
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Revenue
External Revenue
7,84,078.82
27,981.71
42,210.70
5,091.50
-
8,59,362.73
8,14,954.18
26,186.80
35,215.42
4,879.05
-
8,81,235.45
Inter-segment
Revenue
19,738.20
48.79
130.74
59.37
(19,977.10)
-
18,515.49
46.89
7.78
61.11
(18,631.27)
-
Total Revenue
8,03,817.02
28,030.50
42,341.44
5,150.87
(19,977.10)
8,59,362.73
8,33,469.67
26,233.69
35,223.20
4,940.16
(18,631.27)
8,81,235.45
Result
Segment Results
excluding Exchange
Gain/(Loss)
20,476.22
(445.96)
1,405.12
293.19
-
21,728.57
60,441.93
(351.49)
500.72
731.74
-
61,322.90
Segmental Exchange
Gain/(Loss)
(1,531.59)
5.67
21.63
0.62
-
(1,503.67)
(893.44)
7.35
25.29
2.32
-
(858.48)
Segment Results
18,944.63
(440.29)
1,426.75
293.81
-
20,224.90
59,548.49
(344.14)
526.01
734.06
-
60,464.42
Less: Unallocable
Expenditure
-
Finance Cost
9,261.93
7,825.65
-
Impairment
Loss on
Financial
Assets -
Pertaining to
Investment
46.14
2.38
-
Exchange Loss
- (Net)
809.64
396.48
-
Other non
expenses
48.68
-
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 39: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Contd..)
Particulars
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Petroleum
Products
Petro-
Gas
Other
Business
Eliminations
Total
Add: Unallocable
Income
-
Interest and
Dividend
Income
3,268.11
3,244.25
-
Gain on
Derivatives
61.96
84.09
-
Fair value gain
on Financial
instruments
classified as
FVTPL
0.70
92.37
-
Other non
income
75.72
81.24
-
Share of Profit
in Joint Venture
and Associates
1,760.43
1,545.93
Profit / (Loss) before
Exceptional Items
and Tax
15,225.43
57,287.79
Exceptional Items
(Refer Note 48,
S.No. 2)
1,838.02
-
Profit / (Loss)
Before Tax
17,063.45
57,287.79
Less: Income Tax
(including deferred
tax)
3,274.62
14,126.64
Profit / (Loss) After
Tax
13,788.83
43,161.15
1.
The Group is engaged in the following business segments:

Sale of Petroleum Products

Sale of Petrochemicals

Sale of Gas

Other operating segment of the Corporation comprises; Oil & Gas Exploration Activities, Explosives & Cryogenic Business and
Wind Mill & Solar Power Generation.

Segments have been identified and reported taking into account, the nature of products and services and differing risks and returns.
2.
Segment Revenue comprises of the following:

Turnover (Inclusive of Excise Duties)

Net Claim/(Surrender) of SSC

Subsidy / Grants received from Governments

Other Operating Revenue
3.
Inter segment pricing are at Arm s length basis
4.
There are no reportable geographical segments.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 39: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Contd..)
Other Information
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Petroleum
products
Petro
Gas
Other
Business
Total
Petroleum
products
Petro
Gas
Other
Business
Total
Segment Assets
3,63,006.64
39,172.38
15,079.10
14,662.16
4,31,920.28
3,46,448.69
35,187.89
13,866.19
14,799.92
4,10,302.69
Corporate Assets
Goodwill - On Consolidation
1.04
Investments (Current and Non Current)
67,218.50
65,541.90
Advances For Investments
1,558.43
1,604.67
Income Tax / Current Tax Assets
2,314.78
1,828.80
Interest Accrued On Investments/ Bank Deposits
0.50
-
Loans
3,852.20
3,079.92
Derivative Asset
1.32
2.98
Total Assets
5,06,867.05
4,82,362.00
Segment Liabilities
1,35,635.46
1,998.61
3,344.88
1,665.48
1,42,644.43
1,34,714.99
1,750.00
3,372.41
1,429.54
1,41,266.94
Corporate Liabilities
Income Tax / Current Tax Liabilities
39.97
954.37
Borrowings (Short Term and Long Term)
1,42,559.90
1,23,453.57
Lease Obligations (Short Term and Long Term)
9,710.66
9,173.99
Deferred Tax Liability
20,664.96
18,960.70
Interest Accrued But Not Due On Borrowings
-
28.37
Derivative Liabilities
222.47
361.08
Total Liabilities
3,15,842.39
2,94,199.02
Capital Employed
Segment Wise
2,27,371.18
37,173.77
11,734.22
12,996.68
2,89,275.85
2,11,733.70
33,437.89
10,493.78
13,370.38
2,69,035.75
Corporate
(98,252.23)
(80,873.81)
Total Capital Employed
1,91,023.62
1,88,161.94
Capital Expenditure
32,911.93
3,489.60
901.32
1,357.07
38,659.92
33,137.92
5,708.93
1,487.03
1,541.62
41,875.50
Depreciation and Amortization
13,906.87
1,394.79
426.55
1,049.13
16,777.34
13,220.66
1,258.03
587.75
799.67
15,866.11
Geographical information
Revenue from external customers
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
India
8,14,976.16
8,34,350.03
2,89,569.09
2,64,275.08
Outside India
44,386.57
46,885.42
17,047.23
15,803.50
Total
8,59,362.73
8,81,235.45
3,06,616.32
2,80,078.58
Revenue from major products and services
Particulars
Motor Spirit (MS)
1,98,519.62
1,96,193.13
High Speed Diesel (HSD)
3,82,278.61
4,06,028.48
Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG)
91,080.60
1,02,693.67
Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF)
42,098.13
44,576.67
Others
1,45,385.77
1,31,743.50
Total External Revenue
8,59,362.73
8,81,235.45
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 40: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
Set out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying value and fair value of the Group s financial instruments, along with the
fair value measurement hierarchy:
Particulars
Carrying Value
Fair Value
Fair Value
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Financial Assets
A. Fair Value through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
Quoted Equity Shares
30,464.01
32,966.25
30,464.01
32,966.25
Level 1
Unquoted Equity Instruments
5,497.42
4,688.41
5,497.42
4,688.41
Level 3
Quoted Government Securities
9,516.68
9,530.90
9,516.68
9,530.90
Level 1
Hedging derivatives
Commodity forward contracts- Margin
Hedging
0.62
2.98
0.62
2.98
Level 2
B. Fair Value through Profit and Loss
(FVTPL)
Derivative Instruments at fair value
through profit or loss
0.70
-
0.70
-
Level 2
Unit Trust Investments
229.26
412.17
229.26
412.17
Level 1
Investment through PMS
622.97
436.79
622.97
436.79
Level 1
C. Amortised Cost
Loans to employees
2,544.33
2,199.72
2,572.19
2,092.71
Level 2
PMUY Loan (Refer point 1 of Note-48 for
more details)
305.45
356.45
317.40
359.87
Level 3
Financial Liabilities
A. Amortised Cost
Non-Convertible Debentures
16,996.93
17,723.38
17,598.45
18,246.54
Level 2
Term Loans from Oil Industry
Development Board (OIDB)
-
24.70
-
25.38
Level 2
Term Loans from State Industries
Promotion Corporation of Tamilnadu
Limited (SIPCOT)
158.12
-
162.66
-
Level 2
Loan from Odisha Government
2,780.19
2,351.95
3,027.71
2,456.80
Level 2
B. Fair Value through Profit and Loss
(FVTPL)
Derivative Instruments at fair value
through profit or loss
180.65
360.83
180.65
360.83
Level 2
C. Fair Value through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
Hedging Derivatives
33.07
0.25
33.07
0.25
Level 2
Foreign exchange currency swap
8.29
-
8.29
-
Level 2
Commodity forward contracts- Margin
Hedging
0.46
-
0.46
-
Level 2
Note
1.
The management has assessed that fair values of Trade Receivables, Trade Payables, Cash and Cash Equivalents, Bank Balances
& Bank Deposits, Loans (incl. Security Deposits) other than mentioned above, Short Term Borrowings (incl. Current Maturities of
Long Term Borrowings), Floating Rate Borrowings, Lease Liabilities, Other Non-Derivative Current/ Non-Current Financial Assets &
Other Non-Derivative Current/ Non-Current Financial Liabilities approximate their carrying amounts.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Methods and Assumptions
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values at the reporting date:
Level 1 Hierarchy

Quoted Equity Shares: Closing quoted price (unadjusted) in National Stock Exchange of India Limited, Tel Aviv Stock
Exchange, Israel and NASDAQ, New York

Quoted Government Securities: Closing published price (unadjusted) in Clearing Corporation of India Limited

(iii) Unit Trust Investment/PMS: Closing NAV for the specific investment available in Trust Bulletin/ Newspaper/PMS
Level 2 Hierarchy

Derivative Instruments at FVTPL: Replacement cost quoted by institutions for similar instruments by employing use of

Hedging Derivatives at FVTOCI: Replacement cost quoted by institutions for similar instruments by employing use of market
observable inputs.

(iii) Loans to employees : Discounting future cash flows using rates currently available for items on similar terms, credit risk
and remaining maturities, adjusted for insignificant unobservable inputs specific to such loan like principal and interest
repayments are such that employee get more flexibility in repayment as per the respective loan schemes.

(iv) Non-Convertible Debentures, Loan from Odisha Government: Discounting future cash flows using rates currently available
for items on similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities (Excluding floating rate borrowings).

Term Loans from Oil Industry Development Board (OIDB) and State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamilnadu Limited
(SIPCOT): Discounting future cash flows using rates currently available for similar type of borrowings (OIDB Borrowing Rate)
using exit model as per Ind AS 113.
Level 3 Hierarchy

Unquoted Equity Instruments: Fair values of the unquoted equity instruments have been estimated using Market Approach
or Income Approach of valuation techniques with the help of external valuer. Valuation as per Market Approach technique is
determined by comparing the Company s accounting ratios with another Company s of the same nature and size which are
considered to be significant to valuation, such as earnings, cash flow, book value, or sales of various business of the same
nature. Valuation as per Income Approach technique is determined by discounting future cash flows to present value using
a discount rate. These valuation requires management to use unobservable inputs in the model, of which the significant
unobservable inputs are disclosed in the tables below.

PMUY Loan: Fair value of PMUY loans is estimated by discounting future cash flows using approximate interest rates
applicable on loans given by Banks duly adjusted for significant use of unobservable inputs in estimating the cash flows
comprising of specific qualitative and quantitative factors like consumption pattern, assumption of subsidy rate etc.

The significant unobservable inputs used in fair value assessment categorised within Level 3 of the Fair Value Hierarchy together
with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as on March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are shown below:
NOTE - 40: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)
Description
Valuation
Significant
inputs
Range
input to fair value
Unquoted Equity
Instruments -
Equity Shares of Haldia
(Refer Note-4 for Carrying
Value)
Market
Approach
-EBITDA
Multiple
Revenue
Multiple
31.03.25: 0.18x
- 0.58x (0.38x)
31.03.25: H96.9 crore/ H(96.9) crore
EBITDA
multiple
31.03.24: 7.6x -
8.0x (7.8x)
0.1x increase/(decrease) in EBITDA
31.03.24: H5.4 crore/ H(5.5) crore
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Description
Valuation
Significant
inputs
Range
input to fair value
Unquoted Equity
Instruments -
Share Warrants of IndianOil
LNG Private Limited
(Refer Note-4 for Carrying
Value)
Income
Approach -
Present Value
Measurement
Discount
Rate
31.03.25: 14.3%
- 18.3% (16.3%)
31.03.24: 14.6%
- 18.6% (16.6%)
would result in (decrease)/increase in fair
value by:
31.03.25: H(205.2) crore/ H219.9 crore
31.03.24: H(216.2) crore/ H234.6 crore
III Unquoted Equity Instrument
Equity Shares of Ceylon
Petroleum Storage
Terminals Limited
(Refer Note-4 for Carrying
Value)
Market
Approach
-Revenue
Multiple
Revenue
Multiple
31.03.25: 0.8x
- 1.0x (0.9x)
31.03.24: 1.1x -
1.3x (1.2x)
31.03.25: H15.8 crore/ H(15.8) crore
31.03.24: H12.9 crore/ H(13.0) crore
IV Unquoted Equity Instrument
Petrocarababo S.A. and
Carabobo Ingenieria Y
Construcciones S.A.
(Refer Note-4 for
Carrying Value)
Income
Approach -
Present Value
Measurement
Discount
Rate
31.03.25: 27.8%
- 31.8% (29.8%)
31.03.24: 30.5%
- 34.5% (32.5%)
would result in (decrease)/increase in
fair value by:
31.03.25: H(2.1) crore/ H2.1 crore
31.03.24: H(0.7) crore/ H0.7 crore
NOTE - 40: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)

Unquoted Equity Instruments carried at FVTOCI includes following investments for which sensitivity disclosure is not disclosed:
Particulars
Carrying Value (J in crore)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
15.48
13.36
Trinco Petroleum Terminal Private Limited
3.96
2.72
0.77
BioTech Consortium India Limited
0.10
International Cooperative Petroleum Association, New York
0.02
MRL Industrial Cooperative Service Society
0.01

Reconciliation of fair value measurement of Assets and Liabilities under Level 3 hierarchy of Fair Value measurement:
Description
FVTOCI Assets
Unquoted Equity
Shares
Balance as at March 31 2024
4,688.41
Addition
1.24
Fair Value Changes
800.86
Exchange Difference
6.91
Balance as at March 31 2025
5,497.42
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 40: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Contd..)
Disclosures relating to recognition of differences between the fair value at initial recognition and the transaction price

In the following cases, the Group has not recognized gains/losses in profit or loss on initial recognition of financial assets/ financial
liability, instead, such gains/losses are deferred and recognized as per the accounting policy mentioned below.

Financial Assets

1.
Loan to Employees

As per the terms of service, the Group has given long term loan to its employees at concessional interest rate. Transaction
price is not fair value because loans are not extended at market rates applicable to employees. Since implied benefit is
on the basis of the services rendered by the employee, IT is deferred and recognized as employee benefit expense over
the loan period.

2.
PMUY loan

The PMUY loan is the interest free loan given to PMUY beneficiaries towards cost of burner and 1st refill. The loan is interest
free and therefore transaction price is not at fair value. The difference between fair value and transaction price is accumulated
in Deferred expenses and amortized over the loan period on straight line basis in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

3.
Security Deposits

The security deposit is paid to landlord in relation to lease of land. The security deposit is interest free and therefore
transaction price is not fair value.The difference between fair value and transaction price is accumulated in Deferred
expenses and amortized over the loan period on straight line basis in the statement of Profit and loss till March 31, 2019 prior
to introduction of IND AS 116.

Financial Liabilities

1.
Security Deposits

In case certain deposits payable to deceased employees under one of the superannuation benefit scheme (R2 option) and
security deposits received in relation to some revenue expenses contracts, transaction price is not considered as fair value
because deposits are interest free. The difference between fair value and transaction price is accumulated in Deferred income
and amortized over the tenure of security deposit on straight line basis in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Reconciliation of deferred gains/losses yet to be recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss are as under:
Particulars
Opening
Balance
Addition
During the Year
Amortized
During the Year
Adjusted
During the Year
Closing
Balance
Deferred Expenses

1,049.61
211.38
80.41
-
1,180.58

PMUY Loan
204.45
-
27.19
2.64
174.62
Deferred Income

Security Deposits
1.62
-
0.91
(0.73)
1.44
Deferred Expenses

864.33
266.19
80.95
(0.04)
1,049.61

PMUY Loan
236.24
-
30.26
1.53
204.45
Deferred Income

Security Deposits
3.08
0.05
1.51
-
1.62
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS
Financial Risk Factors
The Group s principal financial liabilities, other than derivatives, comprise Borrowings, trade and other payables, security deposits,
employee liabilities and lease obligation. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Group s operations and to provide
guarantees to support its operations. The Group s principal financial assets include loans & advances, trade and other receivables, short-
term deposits and cash / cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations. The Group also holds FVTOCI investments and enters
into derivative transactions.
The Group is exposed to a number of different financial risks arising from natural business exposures as well as its use of financial
instruments including market risk relating to interest rate, commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and equity price, credit
risk and liquidity risk.
The Risk Management Commitee comprised of senior management oversees the management of these risks. The Group s senior
management is supported by a Risk Management Compliance Board that advises on financial risks and the appropriate financial risk
governance framework for the Group. The Risk Management Committee provides assurance to the Board that the Group s risks are
governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance with the Group s
policies, risk objectives and risk appetite.
The Group's requirement of crude oil are managed through integrated function handled through its international trade and optimization
department. All derivative activities for risk management purposes are carried out by specialist teams that have the appropriate skills,
experience and supervision. As per the Group s policy, derivatives contracts are taken only to hedge the various risks that the Group is
exposed to and not for speculation purpose.
The Board of Directors oversee the risk management activities for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below:
Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices. The major components of market risk are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, commodity price risk and other price
risk viz. equity shares etc. Financial instruments affected by market risk include Borrowings, Deposits, FVTOCI investments and
derivative financial instruments.

The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.

The analysis excludes the impact of movements in market variables on the carrying values of gratuity and other post-retirement
obligations, provisions, and other non-financial assets and liabilities of foreign operations.

1.
Interest Rate Risk

The Group is exposed to interest rate risk from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect future cash flows of
a financial instrument, principally financial debt. The Group s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates
primarily to the Group s long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

The Group manages to maintain a mix between fixed and floating rates for rupee and foreign currency loans, based on
liquidity, availability of cost effective instruments and considering the market/ regulatory constraints etc. The Group also
use interest rate swap contracts for managing the interest rate risk of floating interest rate debt. As at March 31, 2025,
approximately 37% of the Group s borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest (March 31, 2024: 38%).

Pursuant to phasing out of USD LIBOR benchmark, the last date of its publication was 30th June 2023. Meanwhile, the Group
has completed the transition exercise of the existing USD LIBOR linked instruments to alternate benchmark.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Currency of Borrowings
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
INR
+50
(62.34)
+50
(48.94)
US Dollar
+50
(383.04)
+50
(313.72)
INR
-50
62.34
-50
48.94
US Dollar
-50
383.04
-50
313.72

The sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans and borrowings affected, with all
other variables held constant, on INR and USD floating rate borrowings is per table below. The Group s exposure to interest
rate changes for all other currency borrowings is not material.

2.
Foreign Currency Risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in
foreign exchange rates. The Group s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group s
operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency) and Borrowings.

The Group manages its foreign currency risk through combination of natural hedge, mandatory hedging and hedging
undertaken on occurence of pre-determined triggers. The hedging is mostly undertaken through forward contracts.

The Group has outstanding forward contract of H 2,634.68 crore as at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: H 1,810.72 crore)
which has been undertaken to hedge its exposure to borrowings and other financial liabilities.

The sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in USD/INR exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, the impact
on the Group s profit before tax is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities including non-designated
foreign currency derivatives. The Group s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies other than below
is not material.
Currency
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Forward Contract - US Dollar
+5%
131.73
+5%
90.54
-5%
(131.73)
-5%
(90.54)
Other Exposures - US Dollar
+5%
(6,105.36)
+5%
(5,314.28)
-5%
6,105.36
-5%
5,314.28
Cross Currency - USD vs. INR
+5%
(323.11)
+5%
(333.18)
-5%
323.11
-5%
333.18

The effects of most exchange rate fluctuations are absorbed in business operating results which are offset by changing cost
competitiveness, lags in market adjustments to movements in rates to its other non-financial assets like inventory etc. For
this reason, the total effect of exchange rate fluctuations is not identifiable separately in the Group's reported results.

3.
Commodity Price Risk

The Group is exposed to various commodity price related risk such as Refinery Margins i.e. Differential between the prices
of petroleum products & crude oil, Crude Oil Price fluctuation on accounts of inventory valuation fluctuation and crude oil
imports, etc. As per approved risk management policy, the Group can undertake refinery margin hedging, inventory hedging
and crude oil price hedging through swaps, options and futures in the OTC market as well as domestic exchanges to mitigate
the risk within the approved limits.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

Category-wise quantitative data about commodity derivative transactions that are outstanding as at the end of the financial
year is given below:
Quantity (in Lakh bbls)
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Margin Hedging Forward contracts
3.75
2.25

The sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in Crude benchmark price difference/ refinery margin on the outstanding
commodity hedging position as on March 31, 2025:
Particulars
Increase/ Decrease
Increase/ Decrease
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Margin Hedging
+10%
(5.25)
+10%
(3.55)
-10%
5.25
-10%
3.55

4.
Equity Price Risk

The Group s investment in listed and non-listed equity securities, other than its investments in Joint Ventures/ Associates and
Subsidiaries, are susceptible to market price risk arising from uncertainties about future values of the investment securities.

At the reporting date, the exposure to unlisted equity securities at fair value was H 4,993.54 crore. Sensitivity analysis of these
investments have been provided in Note 40.

The exposure to listed equity securities valued at fair value was H 30,464.01 crore. An increase/ decrease of 5% on the share
price could have an impact of approximately H1,523.20 crore on the OCI and equity attributable to the Group. These changes
would not have an effect on profit or loss.

5.
Derivatives and Hedging

Classification of derivatives

The Group is exposed to certain market risks relating to its ongoing business operations as explained above.

Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. However, where derivatives
do not meet the hedge accounting criteria, they are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss. Information about the
derivatives used by the Group and outstanding as at the end of the financial year is provided below:
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Other Financial
Assets
Other Financial
Liabilities
Other Financial
Assets
Other Financial
Liabilities
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
Foreign Exchange currency swap
0.70
180.65
-
360.83
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments
-
33.07
-
0.25
Foreign Exchange currency swap
-
8.29
-
Commodity Forward Contracts - Margin Hedging
0.62
0.46
2.98
-

Hedging activities

The primary risks managed using derivative instruments are commodity price risk, foreign currency risk and
interest rate risk.

Commodity Price Risk

IndianOil buys crude and sells petroleum products linked to international benchmark prices and these benchmark
prices do not move in tandem. This exposes IndianOil to the risk of variation in refining margins which is managed by
margin hedging.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

The risk of fall in refining margins of petroleum products in highly probable forecast sale transactions is hedged by
undertaking crack spread forward contracts. The Group wants to protect the realization of margins and therefore to
mitigate this risk, the Group is taking these forward contracts to hedge the margin on highly probable forecast sale in
future. Risk management activities are undertaken in OTC market i.e. these are the bilateral contracts with registered

Foreign Currency Risk

The Group is exposed to various foreign currency risks as explained in A.2 above. As per Group's Foreign Currency
& Interest Rate Risk Management Policy, the Group is required to fully hedge the short term foreign currency loans
(other than revolving lines and PCFC loans) and at least 50% of the long term foreign currency loans based on
market conditions.

Apart from mandatory hedging of loans, the Group also undertakes foreign currency forward contracts for the
management of currency purchase for repayment of crude/ product liabilities based on market conditions and
requirements. The above hedgings are undertaken through delivery based forward contracts.

Interest Rate Risk

The Group is exposed to interest rate risks on floating rate borrowings as explained in A.1 above. Group hedges
interest rate risk by taking interest rate swaps as per Group's Interest Rate Risk Management Policy based on market
conditions. The Group uses interest rate derivatives to hedge exposure to interest payments for floating rate borrowings
denominated in foreign currencies.

Hedge Effectiveness

There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the foreign
exchange and commodity forward contracts match the terms of hedge items. The Group has established a hedge
ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risk of the foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity
forward contracts are identical to the hedged risk components. To test the hedge effectiveness, the Group compares
the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items
attributable to the hedged risks. In case of interest rate swaps, as the critical terms of the interest rate swap contracts
and their corresponding hedged items are similar, the Group performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness and
IT is expected that the value of the interest rate swap contracts and the value of the corresponding hedged items will
systematically change in opposite direction in response to movements in the underlying interest rates.

Source of Hedge ineffectiveness

In case of commodity price risk, the Group has identified the following sources of ineffectiveness, which are not
expected to be material:

N
Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the hedged items and the hedging instruments

N
Different indexes linked to the hedged risk of the hedged items and hedging instruments

N
The counterparties credit risk differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging instruments
and hedged items

N
Changes to the forecasted amount of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments

In case of foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, the main source of hedge ineffectiveness is the effect of the
counterparty and the Group s own credit risk on the fair value of hedge contracts, which is not reflected in the fair value
of the hedged items. The effect of this is not expected to be material.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Disclosures of effects of Cash Flow Hedge Accounting

Hedging instruments

The Group is holding the following hedging instruments:
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
As at March 31, 2025
Maturity
Less than
More than
12. Months
Total
Nominal amount
-
859.56
-
1,775.12
-
2,634.68
Average forward rate (H)
-
85.96
-
88.76
-
Product Liabilities
Nominal amount
-
Average forward rate (H)
-
Foreign Currency Swaps
Nominal amount
-
2,533.02
-
2,533.02
Commodity forward contracts- Margin Hedging
-
1.25
2.50
3.75
Nominal amount
-
17.75
34.92
52.67
-
16.62
16.34
-
As at March 31, 2024
Maturity
Less than
More than
12. Months
Total
Nominal amount
-
1,670.24
-
1,670.24
Average forward rate (H)
-
83.51
-
Product Liabilities
Nominal amount
140.48
-
140.48
Average forward rate (H)
83.35
-
Commodity forward contracts- Margin Hedging
-
0.50
0.75
1.00
-
2.25
Nominal amount
-
8.55
12.82
17.10
-
38.47
-
20.50
-

The impact of the hedging instruments on the Balance Sheet is as under:
Particulars
Foreign Currency
Swaps
Foreign exchange
Loans
Foreign exchange
Crude/ Product
Liablities
Interest Rate Swaps
Commodity forward
contracts- Margin
Hedging
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
Nominal amount
2533.02
-
2634.68
1670.24
-
140.48
-
52.67
38.47
Carrying amount
(8.29)
-
(33.07)
(0.25)
-
0.15
2.98
Line item in the Balance
Sheet that includes Hedging
Instruments
Other Current Financial Assets / Other Current Financial Liabilities
Change in fair value used for
measuring ineffectiveness for
the period - Gain (Loss)
(8.45)
-
(33.07)
(0.25)
-
60.40
18.75
80.86
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

Hedge Items

The impact of the Hedged Items on the Balance Sheet is as follows:
Particulars
Foreign Currency
Swaps
Foreign exchange
Loans
Foreign exchange
Crude/ Product
Liablities
Interest Rate Swaps
Commodity forward
contracts- Margin
Hedging
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
March
31, 2025
March
31, 2024
Balance in Cash flow hedge
reserve as at the end of the
year for continuing hedges
(net of tax)
(4.34)
-
0.10
2.22
Change in value of the hedged
items used for measuring
ineffectiveness for the period
8.45
-
33.07
0.25
-
(60.40)
(18.75)
(80.86)
Particulars
Foreign Currency Swaps
Foreign exchange
forward contracts- Loans
Foreign exchange
Crude/ Product Liablities
Interest Rate Swaps
Commodity forward
contracts- Margin Hedging
Cash flow Hedge Reserve at the
-
41.14
2.22
97.53
Total hedging gain/(loss)
recognised in OCI
(8.45)
-
(14.63)
(34.50)
2.74
1.37
-
6.05
15.76
(50.11)
0.00
-
3.68
8.68
(0.69)
(0.34)
-
(1.52)
(3.97)
12.61
Ineffectiveness recognised in
(4.11)
-
Line item in the statement of
profit or loss that includes the
recognized ineffectiveness
Other
Expenses
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Amount reclassified from OCI to
(4.11)
-
(14.63)
(34.50)
2.74
1.37
-
60.40
18.59
77.88
-
3.68
8.68
(0.69)
(0.34)
-
(14.73)
(4.68)
(20.07)
Cash flow Hedge Reserve at the
end of the year
(4.34)
-
0.10
2.22
Line item in the statement of
profit or loss that includes the
reclassification adjustments
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Other
Expenses
Finance
Cost
Finance
Cost
Revenue
Operations
Revenue
Operations

The effect of the cash flow hedge in the Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income is as follows:
Credit risk

Trade Receivables

Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group s established policy, procedures and control relating
to customer credit risk management. Credit quality of a customer is assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard and
individual credit limits are defined in accordance with this assessment. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored
and any shipments to major customers are generally covered by Letters of Credit, Bank Guarantees or other forms of credit
insurance, wherever required.

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number of
minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. The Group applies Simplified
approach for providing the expected credit losses on Trade Receivables as per the accounting policy of the Group. The maximum
exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets disclosed in Note 10. The Group
evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are located in several jurisdictions
and industries and operate in largely independent markets.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Less than
Above 6
Above 1
Above 2
Total
Year ended March 31, 2025
Gross Carrying amount
37.56
11,742.04
5,326.35
615.84
739.06
142.01
407.65
19,010.51
0.32%
0.33%
2.69%
2.57%
4.18%
2.19%
2.57%
(0.12)
(39.20)
(143.11)
(15.84)
(30.91)
(3.11)
(10.49)
(242.78)
Specific Provision
(0.65)
(1.86)
(2.25)
(4.37)
(8.83)
(8.63)
(190.18)
(216.77)
Carrying amount
36.79
11,700.98
5,180.99
595.63
699.32
130.27
206.98
18,550.96
Particulars
Unbilled
Not Due
Less than
Above 6
Above 1
Above 2
Total
Year ended March 31, 2024
Gross Carrying amount
40.52
9,101.50
3,998.40
264.29
216.02
197.34
371.81
14,189.88
0.37%
0.42%
1.92%
2.01%
2.37%
1.59%
2.96%
(0.15)
(38.43)
(76.91)
(5.32)
(5.12)
(3.14)
(10.99)
(140.06)
Specific Provision
-
(55.56)
(0.50)
(0.55)
(161.76)
(218.37)
Carrying amount
40.37
9,063.07
3,921.49
203.41
210.40
193.65
199.06
13,831.45

Other Financial instruments and cash deposits

The Group s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the Balance Sheet at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is
the carrying amounts as provided in Note 4, 5, 6, 11 & 12. The Group applies General approach for providing the expected credit
losses on these items as per the accounting policy of the Group.

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Group s treasury department in accordance with
the Group s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to
each counterparty. Counterparty credit limits are approved by the Group s Board of Directors. The limits are set to minimise the
concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty s potential failure to make payments.

The Group has given loans to PMUY (Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana) customers which are shown under Loans in Note-5. PMUY
loans are given to provide clean cooking fuel to BPL families as per GOI scheme wherein free LPG connections are issued by Oil
Marketing Companies (OMCs) to the women belonging to the Below Poverty Line (BPL) households. As per the scheme, OMCs are
providing an option for interest free loan towards cost of burner and 1st refill to PMUY consumers which is to be recovered from
the subsidy amount payable to customer when such customers book refill.

In case of certain PMUY loans, the Parent Comapny has determined that there is significant increase in the credit risk. The Parent
Comapny considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of the loan and whether there has been a significant increase
in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. IT considers past experience and time elapsed since the last
refill for determining probability of default on collective basis. The Parent Comapny has categorized the PMUY loans wherein credit
risk has increased significantly under various categories considering the likelihood of default based on time gap since last refill.
ECL is provided @70% (2024: @70%) in case of time gap since last refill is more than 6 months but not exceeding 12 months, @
80% (2024: @ 80%) in case of time gap since last refill is more than 12 months but not exceeding 18 months, @ 90% (2024: @ 90%)
in case of time gap is more than 18 months but not exceeding 24 months and @ 100% (2024: @100%) for those consumers who
have not taken any refill more than 24 months. ECL is provided for the loans where the refill is taken within last 6 months (2024:
6 months) based on experience ratio of more than 6 months (2024: 6 months) as above. The PMUY loans are classified as credit
impaired as on reporting date considering significant financial difficulty in case the customer has not taken any refill from past 24
months (2024: 24 months).

In case of other financial assets, there are certain credit impaired cases mainly due to breach of contract arising due to default or
bankruptcy proceedings.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)

The movement in the loss allowance for impairment of financial assets at amortised cost during the year was as follows:
Opening
Balance
A
ECL created
B
ECL write
Back
Reclass-ifications
Closing
Balance
(A+B+C+D)
Trade Receivables
140.06
104.56
(1.83)
-
242.79
Specific Provision
218.38
57.65
(58.68)
(0.57)
216.78
Total
358.44
162.21
(60.51)
(0.57)
459.57
Loans
12. Months ECL
274.61
-
(12.14)
-
262.47
190.02
-
(25.20)
-
164.82
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
1,088.75
104.92
(0.15)
-
1,193.52
Total
1,553.38
104.92
(37.49)
-
1,620.81
Security Deposits
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
1.39
-
(0.02)
-
1.37
Total
1.39
-
(0.02)
-
1.37
Other Financial assets
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
281.78
15.05
(20.61)
(41.57)
234.64
Total
281.78
15.05
(20.61)
(41.57)
234.64
Opening
Balance
A
ECL created
B
ECL write
Back
Reclass-ifications
Closing
Balance
(A+B+C+D)
Trade Receivables
Expected Credit Loss
308.56
10.43
(178.95)
-
140.04
Specific Provision
213.59
10.23
(2.69)
(2.76)
218.37
Total
522.15
20.66
(181.64)
(2.76)
358.41
Loans
12. Months ECL
241.53
33.08
-
274.61
108.75
81.27
-
190.02
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
809.97
278.72
(0.02)
0.06
1,088.73
Total
1,160.25
393.07
(0.02)
0.06
1,553.36
Security Deposits
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
1.36
0.03
-
1.39
Total
1.36
0.03
-
1.39
Other Financial assets
12. Months ECL
-
Life Time ECL- credit impaired
240.11
51.39
(9.28)
(0.44)
281.78
Total
240.11
51.39
(9.28)
(0.44)
281.78
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Liquidity risk

The Group monitors its risk of shortage of funds using a liquidity planning tool. The Group seeks to manage its liquidity requirement
by maintaining access to both short term and long term debt markets. In addition, Group has committed credit facilities from banks.

The Group s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts,
commercial papers, bank loans, debentures, and leases. The Group assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing
its debt and concluded IT to be low. The Group has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group s financial liabilities based on contractual payments.
NOTE - 41: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK FACTORS (Contd..)
Particulars
On
demand
Less than
3 months
3 to 12
1 to 5 years
> 5 years
Total
Year ended March 31, 2025
Borrowings
6,185.39
41,506.83
43,111.93
46,317.68
5,438.07
1,42,559.90
Lease Obligations
-
1,294.39
1,837.62
3,022.10
3,556.55
9,710.66
Trade payables
6,563.99
53,961.55
9.41
-
60,534.95
32,814.56
17,012.79
1,232.38
197.87
1.56
51,259.16
Derivatives
-
214.18
8.29
-
222.47
45,563.94
1,13,989.74
46,199.63
49,537.65
8,996.18
2,64,287.14
Year ended March 31, 2024
Borrowings
8,068.16
22,516.00
46,076.51
38,191.53
8,601.37
1,23,453.57
Lease Obligations
-
1,293.05
1,548.95
3,281.02
3,050.97
9,173.99
Trade payables
9,395.18
50,019.82
39.10
-
59,454.10
32,786.21
15,660.40
1,784.65
224.63
8.48
50,464.37
Derivatives
-
361.08
-
361.08
50,249.55
89,850.35
49,449.21
41,697.18
11,660.82
2,42,907.11
Excessive risk concentration

Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same
geographical region, or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly
affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group s
performance to developments affecting a particular industry.

In order to avoid excessive concentrations of risk, the Group s policies and procedures include specific guidelines to focus on the
maintenance of a diversified portfolio. Identified concentrations of credit risks are controlled and managed accordingly.
Collateral

As Group has been rated investment grade by various domestic and international rating agencies, there has been no requirement of
submitting any collateral for booking of derivative contracts. Group undertakes derivatives contract only with those counterparties
that have credit rating above the internally approved threshold rating. Accordingly, Group does not seek any collaterals from its
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 42: CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The primary objective of the Group s capital management is to maximise the shareholder value. Capital includes issued equity capital,
share premium and all other equity reserves, attributable to the equity shareholders, for the purpose of the Group s capital management.
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and requirements. The
Group determines the capital requirement based on annual operating plans and long-term and other strategic investment plans. The
Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares to maintain or adjust the
capital structure. The Group monitors capital using debt equity ratio, which is borrowings divided by Equity. The Group s endeavour is
to keep the debt equity ratio around 1:1.
Particulars
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Borrowings
1,42,559.90
1,23,453.57
Equity Share Capital
13,771.56
Reserves and Surplus
1,77,253.10
1,74,391.42
Equity
1,91,024.66
1,88,162.98
Debt Equity Ratio
0.75 : 1
0.66 : 1
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the financial year ended March 31, 2025
and March 31, 2024.
NOTE - 43: DISCLOSURE ON GOVERNMENT GRANTS
Revenue Grants
Subsidies on sales of SKO (PDS) and LPG (Domestic)

Subsidies on sales of SKO (PDS) and LPG (Domestic) in India amounting to H 33.03 crore (2024: H 93.80 crore) and subsidies on
sales of SKO and LPG to customers in Bhutan amounting to H 15.39 crore (2024: H 5.80 crore) have been reckoned as per the
schemes notified by Governments.
Export of Notified Goods under MEIS Claims/RoDTEP scheme/Duty Drawback scheme

The Group has recognised H 31.01 crore (2024: H 37.62 crore) on export of notified goods under Merchandise Exports from India
Scheme (MEIS)/ Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products (RoDTEP)//Duty Drawback scheme in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as Revenue Grant.
Stipend to apprentices under NATS/NAPS scheme

As per Ministry of HRD & Skill development and Enterpreneurship, a portion of stipend and basic training cost for apprentices will be
reimbursed to employer by Government under National Apprenticeship Training Scheme (NATS) and National Apprenticeship Promotion
Scheme (NAPS), subject to prescribed threshold limit. The Group has recognised grant in respect of stipend paid to apprentices appointed
under National Apprenticeship Training Scheme (NATS) amounting to H 0.31 crore (2024: H 8.44 crore) as Revenue Grant.
Grant in respect of revenue expenditure for research projects

During the year, the Group has received revenue grant of NIL (2024: H 0.47 crore) in respect of meeting out revenue expenditure
such as Manpower, Consumables, Travel & Contingency etc for research projects undertaken with various agencies.
Incentive on sale of power

Group is getting incentive from Department of Renewable Energy, GOI for wind power generation of Electricity at the rate of H 0.50
paise for per unit of power generated. The Group has received grant of H 0.01 crore during the current year (2024: H 1.46 crore).
EPCG Grant

Grant recognized in respect of duty waiver on procurement of capital goods under EPCG scheme of Central Govt. which allows
procurement of capital goods including spares for pre production and post production at zero duty subject to an export obligation
of 6 times of the duty saved on capital goods procured. The unamortized grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 12.54 crore
(2024: H 12.54 crore) . During the year, the Group has recognised H 1.84 crore (2024: NIL) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as
amortisation of revenue grant. The Group expects to meet the export obligations and therefore equivalent deferred grant has not
been treated as liability.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 43: DISCLOSURE ON GOVERNMENT GRANTS (Contd..)
Excise duty benefit in North East

Excise duty exemption of 50% of goods manufactured and cleared from north east refineries has been reckoned at full value
in revenue and on net basis in expenses under Excise Duty (to the extent of duty paid). Financial impact for the current year is
H 3,885.58 crore (2024: H 3,816.73 crore).
Viability Gap Funding (VGF)

The Group has received grant in the form of interest free loans from Odisha Government for a period of 15 years.The unamortized
grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 3,100.61 crore (2024: H 2,901.21 crore). During the year, the Group has recognised H 273.26
crore (2024: H 241.15 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of grants.
Structured package incentive from State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu (SIPCOT)

The Subsidiary Company (CPCL) signed an MoU with the Government of Tamil Nadu in respect of RESID Upgradation Project
under the Tamil Nadu Industrial Policy, 2014 and the obligations w.r.t. capital investment as stipulated therein have been fulfilled.
Subsidiary Company (CPCL) is eligible to avail the structured package of assistance in the form of a soft loan of upto
H 2,407.82 crore (i.e. 80% of the eligible fixed assets of RESID projects) over a period of 12 years from the commissioning
of the RESID project, subject to achievement of incremental production / sales. The loan carries an interest rate of
0.1% per annum, repayable after a period of 12 years from the date of disbursement. During the Current year, Loan
amounts of H 173.42 crore (10th May 2024) and H 196.98 crore (31st March 2025) have been received under the scheme.
The unamortized capital grant amount as on March 31, 2025 is H 209.39 crore (2024: Nil). During the year, the Subsidiary Company
(CPCL) has recognised H 7.77 crore (2024: Nil) in the statement of profit and loss as amortisation of grants.
Capital Grants
OIDB Government Grant for strengthening distribution of SKO (PDS)

The Group has received government grant from OIDB (Oil Industry Development Board) for strengthening distribution of PDS
Kerosene as per the directions of MoP&NG to be used in construction of 20KL underground Tank, Mechanical Dispensing Units
and Barrel Shed. The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 0.20 crore (2024: H 0.31 crore). During the year,
the Group has recognised H 0.11 crore (2024: H 0.15 crore) in Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of Excise duty,Custom duty and GST waiver

The Group has received grant in respect of Custom duty waiver on import on capital goods,Excise duty waiver and GST waiver
on purchase of goods from local manufacturer in India under the certificate issued by Department of Scientific and Industrial
Research (DSIR). The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 38.81 crore (2024: H 49.48 crore) The goods so
imported or procured from local manufacturer shall not be transferred or sold for a period of five years from date of installation.
During the year, the Group has recognised H 10.67 crore (2024: H 11.93 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation
of capital grants. However, the scheme of GST concession on purchase of goods from local manufacturer under certificate issued
by DSIR has been discontinued from 18.07.2022 and accordingly no new grant has been recognised thereafter in this regard.
Capital Grant in respect of Research projects

The Group has received capital grant from various agencies in respect of procurement/ setting up of Capital assets for research
projects undertaken. The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 66.68 crore (2024: H 7.64 crore). During
the year, the Group has recognised H 32.67 crore (2024: H 1.75 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
Capital Grant in respect of Entry Tax Exemption from Odisha Govt.

Entry Tax exemption received from Odisha Government for Paradip Refinery Project has been recognized as Capital Grant and
grossed up with the concerned Assets.The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 84.22 crore (2024:
H 89.55 crore). During the year, the Group has recognised H 5.33 crore (2024: H 5.34 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as
amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of demonstration unit

Grant received from OIDB/CHT/USTDA for setting up units for Ethanol production from Refinery off gases/Ligncoellulosic Biomass
at Panipat Refinery. The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 308.92 crore (2024: H 305.42 crore). During
the year, the Group has recognised H 11.50 crore (2024: H 6.50 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 43: DISCLOSURE ON GOVERNMENT GRANTS (Contd..)
Capital Grant in respect of construction of units using Indigenous Technology

Grant received from OIDB for setting up of demonstration unit at Guwahati refinery with the Parent Company s R&D developed
IndaDeptG technology . The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 53.85 crore (2024: H 57.57 crore).
During the year, the Group has recognised H 3.72 crore (2024: H 3.72 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
Capital Grant in respect of interest subsidy

The Group has received capital grant in respect of interest subsidy on loans taken from OIDB. The unamortized capital grant
amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 9.85 crore (2024: H 10.99 crore). During the year, the Group has recognised H 1.14 crore (2024:
H 1.14 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant in respect of Solar Power Generation

The Group has received capital financial assistance from Ministry of New and Renewable Energy in respect of procurement and
installation of Solar Panels for Power Generation.The unamortized capital grant amount as at March 31, 2025 is H 3.19 crore (2024:
H 3.38 crore). During the year, the Group has recognised H 0.19 crore (2024: H 0.19 crore) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as
amortisation of capital grants.
Capital Grant from Nepal Government

The Group has received grant from Nepal Government by way of waiver of Local taxes on goods/services procured locally in Nepal
and Import Duty for goods/services imported into Nepal. The Group has recognised H 1.48 crore (2024: H 1.14 crore) in Statement
of Profit & Loss. The unamortized balance is H 15.46 crore (2024: H 13.29 crore).
Capital Grant for establishing EV Charging Station (EVCS) at Retail Outlets

The Group has received grant from Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI) for establishing and upgradation/ deployment of EV
Charging stations (EVCS) at ROs under Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric Vehicles (FAME) India Scheme Phase-II
in March 2023. Out of total sanctioned amount of H 389.27 crore, H 272.49 crore was received in advance and balance amount
will be received on commissioning of all EVCS. Since the work has not completed as on 31.03.2025, no amount is recognised in
the statement of Profit and loss during the year. The unamortized balance as at March 31, 2025 is H 389.17 crore (2024: H 389.28
crore). During the year, the Group has recognised H 0.11 crore (2024: Nil) in the Statement of Profit and Loss as amortisation of
NOTE - 44: REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
The Group is in the business of oil and gas and IT earns revenue primarily from sale of petroleum products, petrochemicals,Gas, E&P and
Others. Revenue is recognized when control of the goods and services is transferred to the customer.
Generally, Group enters into contract with customers:
On delivered basis in case of Retail Sales, LPG and Aviation.
On Ex-Marketing Installation as well as delivered basis in case of Lubes and Consumers.
On FOB or CIF basis depending on terms of contract in case of Export sales.
Majority of Group s sales are to retail category which are mostly on cash and carry basis. Group also execute supply to Institutional
Businesses(IB), Lubes , Aviation on credit which are for less than a year.
For maintaining uninterrupted supply of products, customers generally deposit amount in advance with the Group against which orders
for purchase of products are placed by the customers. Based on these orders, supply is maintained by the Group and revenue is
recognized when the goods are delivered to the customer by adjusting the advance from customers. Revenue in cases of performance
obligation related to delivered sales are recognized in time based on delivery of identified and actual goods and no significant
judgement is involved.
The Group also extends volume/slab based discounts to its customers on contract to contract basis for upliftment of products and IT
is adjusted in revenue as per the terms of the contract. Group also runs loyalty programmes and incentive schemes for its retail and
bulk customers. Loyalty points are generated and accumulated by the customers on doing transactions at Group s outlet which can be
redeemed subsequently for fuel purchases from Group outlets. Revenue is recognized net of these loyalty points and incentive schemes.
Besides this, though not significant, the Group also undertakes construction contracts on deposit basis. Revenue is recognized for
these contracts overtime using input based on cost incurred. Similarly non-refundable deposits received from Retail Outlets (ROs) are
recognized as revenue over time on proportionate basis.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Bifurcation of Total Revenue into Revenue from contract with customers and other sources of revenue as per requirement of Ind
AS is given below;
NOTE - 44: REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Contd..)
Particulars
Total Revenue (A+D)
8,59,362.73
8,81,235.45
Revenue from contract with customers (A)
8,57,498.76
8,79,365.25

Recognised from contract liability balance of previous year (B)
2,452.38
3,052.58

Recognised from contracts initiated in current year (C)
8,55,046.38
8,76,312.67
Revenue from other contracts/from others (D)
1,863.97
1,870.20
Particulars
Receivables
Contract Asset
Contract Liability
Opening Balance
13,831.45
-
5,299.51
Closing Balance
18,550.96
-
5,495.22
An amount of H 158.34 crore (2024: H15.31 crore) on account of impairment losses on receivables is recognised under the head
Impairment Loss on Financial Assets on the face of Statement of Profit and Loss.
The Group discloses information on reportable segment as per Ind AS 108 under Note 39 - Segmental Information. An amount of
H 684.29 crore (2024: H655.20 crore) is recognised over time under Revenue from contract with customers.
The Group has applied practical expedient as per IndAS 115 in case of delivered sales, advance from customers where the performance
obligation is part of the contract and the original expected duration is one year or less and in case of construction contracts/deposit
works wherein the Group has a right to consideration from customer that correspond directly with the value of the entity's performance
completed for the customer.
NOTE - 45: STATEMENT OF SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT
VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (FORM AOC - I)
Part A : Subsidiaries
Sl. No.
Name of the Subsidiary
Chennai
Petroleum
IndianOil
(Mauritius)
Lanka IOC
IOC Middle
East FZE
IOC Sweden
AB
IOCL (USA)
Inc.
IndOil
Global BV.
IOCL
Singapore
PTE Limited
IOC Global
Capital
Management
IFSC Limited
Mercator
Petroleum
Terra Clean
Date since when
subsidiary was acquired
29.03.2001
24.10.2001
29.08.2002
19.04.2006
26.02.2010
01.10.2012
25.02.2014
13.05.2016
17.05.2023
03.06.2024
31.05.2024
Reporting Currency
INR
MUR
LKR
AED
EURO
USD
CAD
USD
USD
INR
INR
Exchange Rate (INR)
Closing Rate as on
March 31, 2025
-
1.8747
0.2887
23.2650
91.9974
85.4800
59.6496
85.4800
-
Average Rate 2024-25
-
1.8290
0.2841
23.0223
90.8392
84.5911
60.7977
84.5911
-
Share Capital
148.91
75.67
250.54
5.71
183.47
336.32
6,185.26
9,005.34
660.25
0.10
50.00
Other Equity
8,057.75
381.42
2,117.32
33.72
(108.42)
95.83
(2,348.71)
594.22
(29.15)
(49.74)
(4.41)
Liabilities
8,858.34
322.39
1,041.84
6.76
14.57
14.45
5,155.55
1,659.56
1,892.20
174.29
2.86
Total Liabilities
17,065.00
779.48
3,409.70
46.19
89.62
446.60
8,992.10
11,259.12
2,523.30
124.65
48.45
Total Assets
17,065.00
779.48
3,409.70
46.19
89.62
446.60
8,992.10
11,259.12
2,523.30
124.65
48.45
Investments
280.10
17.42
1,030.65
-
87.49
-
428.29
6,816.12
626.49
-
Turnover
70,962.94
2,741.96
7,849.32
19.05
-
204.48
860.27
2,280.55
-
Profit Before Taxation
248.66
63.10
430.82
(1.86)
(0.52)
199.16
(147.38)
522.82
(42.40)
(13.66)
(4.41)
Provision for Taxation
34.57
3.15
77.14
-
(36.11)
(1.49)
233.96
0.40
(82.30)
-
Profit After Taxation
214.09
59.95
353.68
(1.86)
(0.52)
235.27
(145.89)
288.86
(42.80)
68.64
(4.41)
Proposed Dividend
74.46
9.15
-
Percentage of
shareholding
51.89%
100.00%
75.12%
100.00%
Abbreviations
INR
Indian Rupees
MUR
Mauritian rupees
LKR
Srilankan Rupees
AED
United Arab Emirates Dirham
USD
United States Dollars
CAD
Canadian Dollars
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 45: STATEMENT OF SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT
VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (FORM AOC - I) (Contd..)
PART - B : Joint Ventures and Associates
Name of the Associates / Joint Ventures
IndianOil
Adani Gas
Mumbai
Aviation Fuel
Farm Facility
Kochi Salem
Pipeline
Indian Oil
LNG Private
Limited #
Hindustan
Urvarak and
Rasayan
Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date
31.03.2025
04.10.2013
09.10.2014
22.01.2015
29.05.2015
15.06.2016
Shares of Associate / Joint Ventures held by
718365000
52918750
670125000
2642985000
Joint Venture
718.37
52.92
670.13
-
2642.99
iii. Extent of Holding %
50.00%
25.00%
50.00%
45.00%
29.67%
Description of how there is significant
influence
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
latest audited Balance Sheet
764.77
126.52
646.33
(504.21)
3274.48
Profit / (Loss) for the year (After Tax)
40.61
75.96
(5.13)
190.65
1382.07
Considered in Consolidation
20.31
18.99
(2.57)
85.79
410.06
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
20.30
56.97
(2.56)
104.86
972.01
Name of the Associates / Joint Ventures
IndianOil
Adani
Ventures
Lubrizol
India Private
Indian Oil
Petronas
Green Gas
Indian Oil
Skytanking
Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date
31.03.2025
28.08.1996
01.04.2000
03.12.1998
07.10.2005
21.08.2006
Shares of Associate / Joint Ventures held by
500972175
499200
134000000
25292250
25950000
Joint Venture
739.96
61.71
134.00
51.15
73.28
iii. Extent of Holding %
50.00%
26.00%
50.00%
49.99%
50.00%
Description of how there is significant influence
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
latest audited Balance Sheet
974.81
245.39
905.98
289.60
129.74
Profit / (Loss) for the year (After Tax)
198.03
141.68
328.44
8.07
70.45
Considered in Consolidation
99.01
36.84
164.22
4.03
35.22
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
99.02
104.84
164.22
4.04
35.23
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Ratnagiri
Refinery &
Petrochemicals
IOC Phinergy
Paradeep
Plastic Park
Cauvery Basin
Refinery and
Petrochemicals
IndianOil
NTPC Green
Energy
GH4India
IOC GPS
Renewables
31.03.2025
31.03.2023
31.03.2025
NA
31.03.2025
22.09.2017
09.07.2019
19.02.2021
09.03.2021
06.01.2023
02.06.2023
25.08.2023
21.06.2024
100000000
1529000000
14937500
32720000
12500
48050000
1000000
54150000
100.00
1529.00
14.94
32.72
0.01
48.05
1.00
54.15
50.00%
49.00%
25.00%
50.00%
33.33%
50.00%
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
50.67
1505.02
8.11
57.27
0.01
46.67
-
53.22
(5.63)
(32.70)
(8.44)
(1.46)
(0.01)
(2.75)
-
(1.86)
(2.81)
(16.35)
(4.22)
(0.72)
-
(1.37)
-
(0.93)
(2.82)
(16.35)
(4.22)
(0.74)
(0.01)
(1.38)
-
(0.93)
Suntera
Nigeria 205
Delhi Aviation
Fuel Facility
Indian
Synthetic
Rubber Private
NPCIL - IndianOil
Nuclear Energy
GSPL India
Transco
GSPL India
Gasnet
Indradhanush
Gas Grid
IndianOil Total
31.12.2021
31.03.2025
31.03.2023
31.03.2025
09.05.2006
28.03.2010
06.07.2010
06.04.2011
29.03.2013
10.08.2018
07.10.2020
2500000
60680000
222861375
260000
157820000
579605012
230560000
30000000
0.05
60.68
222.86
0.26
157.82
579.61
241.76
30.00
25.00%
37.00%
50.00%
26.00%
20.00%
50.00%
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Joint Control
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
(225.59)
81.48
631.04
0.43
82.04
441.10
233.57
48.89
-
(19.60)
375.80
0.08
(8.05)
(265.32)
(16.93)
28.25
-
(7.25)
187.90
0.02
(2.09)
(68.98)
(3.39)
14.12
-
(12.35)
187.90
0.06
(5.96)
(196.34)
(13.54)
14.13
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 45: STATEMENT OF SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT
VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (FORM AOC - I) (Contd..)
Name of the Associates / Joint Ventures
Indofast Swap
Energy Private
Avi-Oil India
Petronet VK
Petronet LNG
Petronet India
Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date
NA
31.03.2025
31.03.2024
15.07.2024
04.11.1993
21.05.1998
02.04.1998
26.05.1997
Shares of Associate / Joint Ventures held by
185010000
4500000
50000000
187500000
18000000
Joint Venture
185.01
4.50
26.02
98.75
0.18
iii. Extent of Holding %
50.00%
25.00%
50.00%
12.50%
18.00%
Description of how there is significant
influence
Joint Control
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Reason why the associate/joint venture is
not consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
Consolidated
latest audited Balance Sheet
139.71
31.52
-
2490.36
0.47
Profit / (Loss) for the year (After Tax)
(90.61)
31.05
-
4021.71
-
Considered in Consolidation
(45.30)
7.76
-
502.71
-
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
(45.31)
23.29
-
3519.00
-
# Value of Investment in Indian Oil LNG Private Limited is H45000.
Following associates or joint ventures are yet to commence operations:
NPCIL - IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited
Ratnagiri Refinery and Petro-chemicals Limited
v)
vi)
vii)
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited
viii) IndianOil NTPC Green Energy Private Limited
ix)
GH4 India Private Limited
x)
IOC GPS Renewable Private Limited
Equity Consolidation in respect of following Jointly Controlled Entities have not been consolidated as the Management has decided to
exit from these companies and provided for full dimunition in the value of investment:
Petronet CI Limited
Indian Oil Ruchi Biofuels LLP
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 46: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS PER SCHEDULE - III
TO COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Name of the entity
Net Assets
Share in Profit/ (loss)
after Tax
Share in Other
Comprehensive
Income
Share in Total
Comprehensive
Income
As % of
Total
Amount
As % of
Total
Amount
As % of
Total
Amount
As % of
Total
Amount
95.81% 1,78,676.86
95.32%
12,961.57
157.72% (1,359.41)
91.10%
11,602.16
Subsidiaries
Indian
4.40%
8,206.66
1.57%
214.09
1.08%
(9.35)
1.61%
204.74
(0.03%)
(49.64)
0.50%
68.64
0.00%
-
0.54%
68.64
0.02%
45.59
(0.03%)
(4.41)
0.00%
-
(0.03%)
(4.41)
Foreign
0.25%
457.09
0.44%
59.95
(1.32%)
11.37
0.56%
71.32
1.27%
2,367.86
2.60%
353.68
(7.67%)
66.14
3.30%
419.82
IOC Middle East FZE
0.02%
39.43
(0.01%)
(1.86)
(0.11%)
0.96
(0.01%)
(0.90)
IOC Sweeden AB
0.04%
75.05
0.00%
(0.52)
16.82%
(144.98)
(1.14%)
(145.50)
0.23%
432.15
1.73%
235.27
(0.79%)
6.81
1.90%
242.08
IndOil Global BV.
2.06%
3,836.55
(1.07%)
(145.89)
1.85%
(15.98)
(1.27%)
(161.87)
5.15%
9,599.56
2.12%
288.86
(76.25%)
657.19
7.43%
946.05
IOC Global Capital Management IFSC
0.34%
631.10
(0.31%)
(42.80)
(1.91%)
16.49
(0.21%)
(26.31)
Less: Minority Interests in all
subsidiaries
2.43%
4,537.35
1.40%
190.99
(1.39%)
11.96
1.59%
202.95
Joint Ventures
Indian
0.52%
974.81
0.73%
99.01
8.68%
(74.83)
0.19%
24.18
0.13%
245.39
0.27%
36.84
0.03%
(0.24)
0.29%
36.60
0.49%
905.98
1.21%
164.22
0.00%
(0.04)
1.29%
164.18
0.16%
289.60
0.03%
4.03
0.00%
0.01
0.03%
4.04
Indian Oil Skytanking Private Limited
0.07%
129.74
0.26%
35.22
0.03%
(0.22)
0.27%
35.00
Delhi Aviation Fuel Facility Private
0.04%
81.48
(0.05%)
(7.25)
0.00%
-
(0.06%)
(7.25)
0.34%
631.04
1.38%
187.90
0.00%
0.03
1.48%
187.93
Indian Oil Ruchi Biofuels LLP
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
NPCIL - IndianOil Nuclear Energy
0.00%
0.43
0.00%
0.02
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.02
0.04%
82.04
(0.02%)
(2.09)
0.00%
(0.04)
(0.02%)
(2.13)
0.24%
441.10
(0.51%)
(68.98)
0.02%
(0.13)
(0.54%)
(69.11)
0.41%
764.77
0.15%
20.31
0.00%
0.02
0.16%
20.33
Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility
0.07%
126.52
0.14%
18.99
0.00%
-
0.15%
18.99
0.35%
646.33
(0.02%)
(2.57)
0.00%
-
(0.02%)
(2.57)
(0.27%)
(504.21)
0.63%
85.79
0.01%
(0.05)
0.67%
85.74
Hinduatan Urvarak and Rasayan
1.83%
3,418.07
3.02%
410.06
0.22%
(1.93)
3.20%
408.13
Ratnagiri Refinery & Petrochemicals
0.03%
50.67
(0.02%)
(2.81)
0.00%
-
(0.02%)
(2.81)
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 46: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS PER SCHEDULE - III
TO COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (Contd..)
Name of the entity
Net Assets
Share in Profit/ (loss)
after Tax
Share in Other
Comprehensive
Income
Share in Total
Comprehensive
Income
As % of
Total
Amount
As % of
Total
Amount
As % of
Total
Amount
As % of
Total
Amount
0.13%
233.57
(0.02%)
(3.39)
0.00%
-
(0.03% )
(3.39)
0.81%
1,505.02
(0.12%)
(16.35)
0.00%
-
(0.13% )
(16.35)
0.03%
48.89
0.10%
14.12
0.00%
(0.01)
0.11%
14.11
0.00%
8.11
(0.03%)
(4.22)
0.00%
-
(0.03%)
(4.22)
0.03%
57.27
(0.01%)
(0.72)
0.00%
-
(0.01% )
(0.72)
Cauvery Basin Refinery and
0.00%
0.01
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
IndianOil NTPC Green Energy
0.03%
46.67
(0.01%)
(1.37)
0.00%
-
(0.01%)
(1.37)
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.03%
53.22
(0.01%)
(0.93)
0.00%
-
(0.01%)
(0.93)
0.07%
139.71
(0.33%)
(45.30)
0.00%
-
(0.36%)
(45.30)
Foreign
(0.12%)
(225.59)
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Associates
Indian
0.02%
31.52
0.06%
7.76
0.01%
(0.10)
0.06%
7.66
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
1.34%
2,490.36
3.70%
502.71
0.13%
(1.11)
3.94%
501.60
Petronet India Limited
0.00%
0.47
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Intra Group Eliminations
(13.92%) (25,966.54)
(11.98%)
(1,628.76)
0.06%
(0.55)
(12.79%)
(1,629.31)

Total
100.00% 1,86,487.36
100.00%
13,597.84 100.00%
(861.92)
100.00%
12,735.92
Notes
1.
Figures in respect of Joint Operations as mentioned in Note 34 have been included in the financial statements of Indian Oil
Corporation Ltd & Subsidiary Companies and in respect of other Joint Ventures/Associates of Subsidiary Companies, the same
has been included in the financial statements of respective subsidiary Company.
2.
Following Companies have not been consolidated in the consolidated financial statements as the Management has decided to exit
from these Entities and provided for full dimunition in value of investment:

Petronet CI Limited

Indian Oil Ruchi Biofuels LLP
3.
Group's share of profit in Petronet VK Limited amounting to H2.86 crore (2024: loss of H6.27 crore) has not been recognised as the
Company has accumulated losses as on 31.03.2025. The Groups's share of unaccounted accumulated losses as on 31st March
2025 stands at H68.32 crore (2024: H71.18 crore).
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in J)
Nature of transactions
with struck off Company
Balance outstanding
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
3I Computers Private Limited
Payables
11,300
Aditya Inkjet Technologies Private Limited
Payables
1,892
Advantech Services (India) Private Limited
Payables
-
AK Felix Polymers Private Limited
Payables
-
Alliance Aviation Private Limited
Payables
-
Amstar Infrastructure India Private Limited
Payables
1,690
Anurag Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
-
Aoa Energy International Private Limited
Payables
52,900
Apsen Technologies Private Limited
Payables
13,99,373
8,26,281
Arca Safety Private Limited
Payables
-
Argus Media Private Limited
Payables
-
Banalata Hotel & Resort Private Limited
Payables
-
Bharati Instrumentation Private Limited
Payables
Bombay Studio Private Limited
Payables
11,966
Cape Valour Services Private Limited
Payables
31,81,569
Chauhan Transport Private Limited
Payables
1,81,296
CIG Softtech India Limited
Payables
(40,500)
Citi Computer Klink Private Limited
Payables
1,04,405
-
Deva Enterprises Limited
Payables
-
5,673
Dewpoint Shipping & Services Private Limited
Payables
-
Diaprix Web Solution Private Limited
Payables
21,564
22,118
DLS Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
-
Elite Octane Motoring Private Limited
Payables
(1,20,510)
(30,510)
Ensival Moret India Private Limited
Payables
2,000
First Office Solutions India Private Limited
Payables
14,100
Grand Marshall Engineers Private Limited
Payables
12,537
Gupta Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
-
Hotel Dynasty Private Limited
Payables
7,680
Informatics E-Tech (India) Limited
Payables
15,139
Jay Kay Motors Private Limited
Payables
-
Kamrupinyae Infrastructures Private Limited
Payables
(6,57,101)
Kanti Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
(3,402)
Kashvi Industries Private Limited
Payables
-
KDC Infra Projects Private Limited
Payables
-
Krishna Sales Private Limited
Payables
99,015
1,30,620
Krithi Apparels Private Limited
Payables
-
Linear Point Surveys Private Limited
Payables
(1,440)
M.P. Marketing Private Limited
Payables
-
Maxtel (India) Private Limited
Payables
31,903
6,055
Microsys Technoware Solutions Private Limited
Payables
-
(6,078)
Murthy Electronics Private Limited
Payables
2,541
Neelam Private Limited
Payables
-
Pacific Laboratories Private Limited
Payables
-
Padavi Engineers & Pressure Vessels Limited
Payables
-
34,545
Paonta Technologies & Solutions Private Limited
Payables
5,520
Parihat Ventures Private Limited
Payables
-
NOTE - 47: SCHEDULE III ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION
Relationship with Struck off Companies
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 47: SCHEDULE III ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION (Contd..)
(Amount in J)
Nature of transactions
with struck off Company
Balance outstanding
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
Prabhat Associates Private Limited
Payables
-
Raj Communication Private Limited
Payables
-
Raj Services Private Limited
Payables
-
38,564
RBC Bearings Private Limited
Payables
-
RGM Signs & Displays Private Limited
Payables
-
Risknowlogy Solutions Private Limited
Payables
6,900
Rudransh Enterprises Private Limited
Payables
24,411
9,477
S. R Lab Instruments India Private Limited
Payables
4,931
S. S. Constructions Private Limited
Payables
6,76,364
2,08,349
S.S. Trading Company Private Limited
Payables
-
Sai Associates Private Limited
Payables
(8,924)
(5,000)
Sandhu Transport Co Private Limited
Payables
-
7,85,377
Sha Hydraulics Private Limited
Payables
28,940
-
Shree Sai IP Consultant Private Limited
Payables
1,63,720
Shree Salasar Rent A Car Private Limited
Payables
35,871
Shubhgayatri Ventures (OPC) Private Limited
Payables
6,22,655
Sirius Transtech Private Limited
Payables
28,570
SKPEI Engineering Works Private Limited
Payables
2,35,898
Social Buzz Technologies Private Limited
Payables
-
Spacescape Design Consultants Private Limited
Payables
1,08,550
Spectacular Advertising & Events Private Limited
Payables
10,931
Techtrix Controls Chennai Private Limited
Payables
26,213
7,314
The Royal Park Hotels Private Limited
Payables
18,017
Trishul & Om Construction Private Limited
Payables
40,200
60,000
Valase Roadlines Private Limited
Payables
-
9,58,949
Verma & Associates Private Limited
Payables
-
Vidhoo Industrial Service Private Limited
Payables
2,107
Waaree Mm Petro Tech Private Limited
Payables
2,21,798
Aprajeeta Developers Private Limited
Receivables
(1,395)
Arch Triad Consultants Private Limited
Receivables
23,854
Baranagar Jute Factory Company Limited
Receivables
(3,54,087)
(2,48,051)
Birendra Nag Construction Private Limited
Receivables
(900)
Dharamveer Construction & Infra Private Limited
Receivables
(6,332)
Ganpati Cements Private Limited
Receivables
-
(1,22,348)
Goodwill Contractors Private Limited
Receivables
(949)
Hare Krishna Polytech Private Limited
Receivables
(9,001)
(1,71,295)
Idha E Tail Arks Private Limited
Receivables
-
Khazina Digital Private Limited
Receivables
(3,00,000)
Maheshwari Poly Products LLP
Receivables
-
(900)
Palimar Foods Private Limited
Receivables
20,674
Rudra Parwati Engineering Private Limited
Receivables
(2,523)
Salai Energy Solutions Private Limited
Receivables
(4,47,642)
(4,36,511)
Subham Enterprise Private Limited
Receivables
-
The National Sugar Mills Limited
Receivables
46,758
38,641
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 47: SCHEDULE III ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION (Contd..)
Details of Struck-off investors holding equity shares in the Holding Company:
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
No. of
Paid up Share
Capital (In J)
No. of
Paid up Share
Capital (In J)
Aakil Leasing Limited
1,200
Haresh Extrusion Company Private Limited
11,880
Hermoine Financial Solutions Private Limited
-
6,000
JSK Finvest Private Limited
-
6,480
Kothari Intergroup Limited
Market Probe India Private Limited
Raghukul Shares India Private Limited
March 31, 2025
March 31, 2024
No. of
Paid up Share
Capital (In J)
No. of
Paid up Share
Capital (In J)
Ingram Investments Private Limited
20,000
Unickon Fincap Private Limited
-
12,780
Systems Solutions Private Limited
-
1,000
Esthetic Finvest Private Limited
27,000
-
Salasar Securities Pvt Ltd
2,000
-
Details of Struck-off investors holding equity shares in the Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (A Subsidiary):
Note: The Company does not have any relationship with the above mentioned struck-off companies.
NOTE - 48: OTHER DISCLOSURES
In order to provide clean cooking fuel to BPL families, Government has approved Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY) scheme
where free LPG connections are issued by Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs) to the women belonging to the Below Poverty Line
(BPL) households as per SECC -2011 (Rural) database. The scheme was launched on May 1, 2016. As per the scheme, the initial
cost towards connection charges (Refundable deposit) would be borne by the Central Government for each card holder. Few State
Governments have also extended this scheme to other beneficiaries. As per the scheme, OMCs would provide an option for EMI/
Loans towards cost of burner and 1st refill to the PMUY consumers. The loan amount is to be recovered from the subsidy amount
payable by the government to the customers on each refill sale. During the year, discounting of the loan has been done based on
assumption of average refills in a year and average subsidy rate per cylinder under respective range of subsidy buckets.

The amount outstanding as at 31st March 2025 towards PMUY Cash Assistance claim from Central Government is H 62.74 crore
(2024: H 279.69 crore) and loan to PMUY consumers is H 2,180.76 crore (2024: H 2,367.12 crore) (net of recovery through subsidy).
Against the above loan, a provision for doubtful loans amounting to H 1,226.99 crore (H 1,159.40 crore) has been created as at 31st
March 2025 against the beneficiaries who have not taken any refill for more than 6 months based on expected credit loss (ECL)
model and applying experience factor based on experience ratio of doubtful provision on more than 6 months to the loans in less
than 6 months category. (Also refer Credit Risk under Note 40)

The Group has remeasured the gross carrying amount of PMUY loan as at Balance Sheet date based on revised estimated future
contractual cash flows resulting in addition in PMUY loans by H 107.24 crore (2024: Addition by H 336.61 crore) which has been
accounted in Statement of Profit and Loss in Note -24 under the head "Other Income".
During the current financial year, the Group has reversed Provision created in the earlier years to the tune of ₹ 1,838.02 crore
(comprising VAT ITC amount of ₹1,203.72 crore and interest amount of ₹634.30 crore), consequent to the favourable orders from
Hon ble Supreme Court and Gujarat VAT Tribunal on the subject of VAT Input Tax Credit under Gujarat VAT Act 2005. Accordingly,
the pre-deposit has been reclassified from Deposits (Note-18) to Claims Recoverable (Note-8). The reversal of provision has
been treated as Exceptional Item considering its nature and size.
Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Retired Officers Welfare Society consisting of employees retired from the Parent Company and other individual retired
employees filed a writ petition in Hon ble Delhi High Court in the year 2017 that the manner in which the Self Contributory pension
scheme through a Superannuation Benefits Fund on defined benefit basis, setup in the year 1987, has been retrospectively
terminated in the year 2011, with effect from 01.01.2007, by the Parent Company is arbitrary. In April 2025, the Hon ble Delhi High
Court passed an order directing that the monthly pension of petitioners be re-fixed under a Defined Benefit Scheme and the arrears
be paid along with interest. Impact of the Court order is not ascertainable in view of the varied possible scenarios.

Based on external legal opinion, prima-facie the Parent Company is not responsible for the self-contributory & self-sustaining
scheme prepared, managed and run by a separate independent and legal entity being the Trust. The Parent Company is in the
process of filing an appeal against the said order. The management is confident that no liability shall devolve on the Parent
Company and hence no provision is required.
There are no other significant subsequent events that would require adjustments or disclosures in the Financial Statements as at
Balance Sheet date, other than those disclosed above.
NOTE - 48: OTHER DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
The Principal Controller of Defence Accounts (PCDA) and Indian Air Force have deducted H621.25 crore and H68.78 crore
respectively from the regular supplies on account of the price differential on supplies made between January 2022 to March
2023. The Parent Company has been contesting this claim directly and also through the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
(MoPNG). Hence the same has been shown under disputed trade receivables considered good (Note-10). The matter is still under
deliberation, and the financial impact, if any, will be addressed once the issue is resolved.
Purchase of crude oil from some small oilfields has been accounted for provisionally pending finalisation of agreements with
respective parties. The management estimates that no significant adjustments will arise upon finalisation of these agreements.
A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) entered between the Parent Company and the Government of India, setting various
performance parameters for the Parent Company including capital expenditure (Capex) by the group. In this regard, the amount of
Capex on major capital projects and creation of additional facilities by the Parent Company, subsidiary and its proportionate share
of similar Capex by its Joint Ventures and Associates during the financial year 2024-25 are given below:
Name of the Company/ Subsidiary
Total Capex
IOCL Share (%)
IOCL Share
39,259.78
680.82
51.89%
353.28
Indian Oil (Mauritius) Limited
16.47
100.00%
16.47
39.85
75.12%
29.94
IOC Middle East FZE
0.02
100.00%
0.02
IOCL (USA) Inc
39.24
100.00%
39.24
Ind Oil Global BV
1,143.89
100.00%
1,143.89
IOC Singapore Pte Limited
580.88
100.00%
580.88
-
100.00%
-
1.40
100.00%
1.40
1.62
100.00%
1.62
Proportionate Capex by Joint Ventures & Associates listed in Note 33B
2,930.85
Total Capex by IOCL and its Subsidiaries and proportionate share
of Joint Ventures & Associates
44,694.82
44,357.37
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE - 48: OTHER DISCLOSURES (Contd..)
Particulars
Regrouped from
Regrouped to
Amount
Natural Gas Stock held
by Group is bifurcated
into Raw Materials and
Stock-In-Trade based
on ratio of sale and self
consumption
Stock in Trade - In Hand (Note 9)
Raw Materials - In Hand (Note 9)
175.15
Stock in Trade - In Transit (Note 9)
Raw Materials - In Hand (Note 9)
117.08
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
(Statement of Profit and Loss)
Purchases (Note 25)
292.23
Closing Stock - Stock in Trade (Note 26)
Closing Stock - Raw Materials (Note 25)
292.23
Opening Stock - Stock in Trade (Note 26)
Opening Stock - Raw Materials (Note 25)
233.05
Reclassification of
Interest into respective
Finance Cost Heads
Interest Payment on Financial Items -
Bonds/Debentures (Note 28)
Interest Payment on Financial Items -
Bank Borrowings (Note 28)
511.04
Place : New Delhi
Dated: 30th April, 2025

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

A. S Sahney
Anuj Jain
Kamal Kumar Gwalani

Chairman
Director (Finance)
Company Secretary

DIN-10652030
DIN-10310088
ACS-13737
For K G SOMANI & CO LLP
For MKPS & ASSOCIATES LLP
For KOMANDOOR & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No. 105049W
Firm Regn. No. 006591N/
Firm Regn. No. 302014E/
Firm Regn. No. 001420S/

N500377
W101061
S200034

Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-

Naveen Jain
Amber Jaiswal
Narendra Khandal
Nagendranadh Tadikonda

Partner
Partner
Partner
Partner

M. No. 511596
M. No. 550715
M. No. 065025
M. No. 226246
Figures of the previous year have been regrouped wherever necessary, to conform to current period presentation, major item
regrouped is as under:
Financial Statements

COMMENTS OF THE COMPTROLLER AND AUDITOR GENERAL OF INDIA UNDER SECTION 143(6)(b) OF THE
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED FOR THE
YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025
The preparation of financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025 in accordance with the
financial reporting framework prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) is the responsibility of the management of the company.
The statutory auditors appointed by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India under section 139(5) of the Act are responsible
for expressing opinion on the financial statements under section 143 of the Act based on independent audit in accordance with the
standards on auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act. This is stated to have been done by them vide their Revised Audit
Report dated 17 July 2025 which supersedes their earlier Audit Report dated 30 April 2025.
I, on behalf of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, have conducted a supplementary audit of the financial statements of Indian
Oil Corporation Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025 under section 143(6)(a) of the Act. This supplementary audit has been carried
out independently without access to the working papers of the statutory auditors and is Limited primarily to inquiries of the statutory
auditors and company personnel and a selective examination of some of the accounting records. After the audit, comments of C&AG
were issued pointing out deficiencies in the Statement of Cash Flows and the Independent Auditors Report.
Based on the comments, the Company added Note-1 (c) and Note-3 below the Statement of Cash Flows. Further, the Statutory Auditors
also revised their Audit Report by modifying para (iii)(a) of Annexure A to the Independent Auditors Report.
On the basis of my supplementary audit nothing significant has come to my knowledge which would give rise to any comment upon or
supplement to statutory auditors report under section 143(6)(b) of the Act.
For and on behalf of the
Comptroller & Auditor General of India
Sd/-
Dated: 06 August 2025
(Tanuja Mittal)
Place: New Delhi
Director General of Audit (Energy)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

COMMENTS OF THE COMPTROLLER AND AUDITOR GENERAL OF INDIA UNDER SECTION 143(6)(b) READ WITH
SECTION 129(4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF INDIAN
OIL CORPORATION LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025
The preparation of consolidated financial statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025 in accordance
with the financial reporting framework prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) is the responsibility of the management of the
company. The statutory auditor appointed by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India under section 139(5) read with section 129(4)
of the Act is responsible for expressing opinion on the financial statements under section 143 read with section 129(4) of the Act based
on independent audit in accordance with the standards on auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act. This is stated to have
been done by them vide their Audit Report dated 30 April 2025.
I, on behalf of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India, have conducted a supplementary audit of the consolidated financial
statements of Indian Oil Corporation Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025 under section 143(6)(a) read with section 129(4) of
the Act. We conducted a supplementary audit of the financial statements of the Subsidiary/ Joint Ventures/ Associate mentioned in
Annexure A but did not conduct supplementary audit of the financial statements of the Subsidiary/Joint Ventures/Associates mentioned
in Annexure B for the year ended on that date. Further, Section 139(5) and 143(6)(a) of the Act are not applicable to the Subsidiaries/
JVs mentioned in Annexure C being private entities/entities incorporated in foreign countries under the respective laws for appointment
of their statutory auditors and for conduct of supplementary audit. Accordingly, Comptroller and Auditor General of India has neither
appointed the Statutory Auditors nor conducted the supplementary audit of these companies. This supplementary audit has been
carried out independently without access to the working papers of the statutory auditors and is limited primarily to inquiries of the
statutory auditors and company personnel and a selective examination of some of the accounting records. After the audit, comments
of C&AG were issued pointing out deficiencies in the Statement of Cash Flows.
Based on the comments, the Company added Note-1(c) and Note-3 below the Statement of Cash Flows.
On the basis of my supplementary audit nothing significant has come to my knowledge which would give rise to any comment upon or
supplement to statutory auditors report under section 143(6)(b) of the Act.
For and on behalf of the
Comptroller & Auditor General of India
Sd/-
Dated: 06 August 2025
(Tanuja Mittal)
Place: New Delhi
Director General of Audit (Energy)
Financial Statements

Name of the Company/Subsidiaries/ JVs/ Associate Companies of which supplementary audit has been
conducted
Name of the Company/Subsidiaries/JVs/Associate Companies of which supplementary audit has not been
conducted:
List of all Subsidiaries/JVs/ Associate Companies to which Section 139(5) and 143(6)(a) of Companies Act are
not applicable
(ii) Entities incorporated outside India
Annexure A
Annexure B
Annexure C
Name of the Joint Venture/Subsidiary
1. Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Private Limited
Joint Venture
2. Kochi Salem Pipeline Private Limited
Joint Venture
3. GSPL India Gasnet Limited
Joint Venture
4. IHB Limited
Joint Venture
5. Marcator Petroleum Limited
Subsidiary
6. Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited
Joint Venture
Name of the Joint Venture/Subsidiary
1. Delhi Aviation Fuel Facility Private Limited
Joint Venture
2. NPCIL-IndianOil Nuclear Energy Corporation Limited
Joint Venture
3. Ratnagiri Refineries & Petrochemicals Limited
Joint Venture
4. Petronet VK Limited
Associate
5. IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Limited
Subsidiary
6. Green Gas Limited
Joint Venture
7. Paradeep Plastic Park Limited
Joint Venture
8. Terra Clean Limited
Subsidiary
9. IndianOil NTPC Green Energy Private Limited
Joint Venture
10. Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited
Subsidiary
11. Hindustan Urvarak Rasayan Limited
Joint Venture
12. GSPL India Transco Limited
Joint Venture
Name of the Joint Venture/Subsidiary
1. Avi-Oil India Private Limited
Associate
2. Petronet LNG Limited
Associate
3. Petronet India Limited
Associate
4. IndianOil Adani Ventures Limited
Joint Venture
5. IndianOil Petronas Private Limited
Joint Venture
6. Lubrizol India Private Limited
Joint Venture
7. IndianOil Skytanking Private Limited
Joint Venture
8. Indian Synthetic Rubber Private Limited
Joint Venture
9. IndianOil Adani Gas Private Limited
Joint Venture
10. IndianOil LNG Private Limited
Joint Venture
11. IndianOil Total Private Limited
Joint Venture
12. IOC Phinergy Private Limited
Joint Venture
13. Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited
Joint Venture
14. GH4India Private Limited
Joint Venture
15. IOC GPS Renewables Private Limited
Joint Venture
16. Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited
Joint Venture
Name of the Joint Venture/Subsidiary
1. IndianOil (Mauritius) Limited
Subsidiary
2. Lanka IOC PLC
Subsidiary
3. IOC Middle East FZE
Subsidiary
4. IOC Sweden AB
Subsidiary
5. IOCL (USA) Inc.
Subsidiary
6. IndOil Global B.V.
Subsidiary
7. IOCL Singapore Pte Limited
Subsidiary
8. Suntera Nigeria 205 Limited
Joint Venture
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

[CIN - L23201MH1959GOI011388]
Regd. Office: IndianOil Bhavan , G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
Tel: 022-26447327, Email Id: investors@indianoil.in, Website: www.iocl.com
NOTICE
NOTICE is hereby given that the 66th Annual General Meeting
( AGM ) of the members of Indian Oil Corporation Limited
( IndianOil / Company ) will be held on Saturday, August 30,
2025 at 10:00 AM (IST) through Video Conference/Other Audio
Visual Means ( VC/OAVM ) to transact the business mentioned
hereunder. The proceedings of the AGM shall be deemed to
be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company at
IndianOil Bhavan, G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400051.
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1.
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone as
well as Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company
for the year ended March 31, 2025 together with Reports of
the Directors and the Auditors thereon.
2.
To declare a Dividend of ₹3/- per equity share for the
year 2024-25.
3.
To appoint a Director in place of Shri Anuj Jain
(DIN - 10310088) who retires by rotation and is eligible
for reappointment.
4.
To appoint a Director in place of Dr Alok Sharma
(DIN - 10453982) who retires by rotation and is eligible
for reappointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
5.
To appoint Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney (DIN - 10652030)
as Whole-time Director and to designate him as
Chairman of the Company.

as an Ordinary Resolution

152, 161(1) and other applicable provisions if any, of the
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof
for the time being in force), Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing
Company, Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney (DIN - 10652030) who
was appointed as an Additional Director and designated as
Chairman by the Board of Directors w.e.f. 13.11.2024 and
appointed as a Whole-time Director and designated as
Chairman of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation.
6.
To appoint Shri Suman Kumar (DIN - 09724749) as
Director (Planning & Business Development) of the

as an Ordinary Resolution

152, 161(1) and other applicable provisions if any, of the
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment
thereof for the time being in force), Regulation 17 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) and other applicable
provisions of Listing Regulations and Articles of Association
of the Company, Shri Suman Kumar (DIN - 09724749) who
was appointed as an Additional Director and designated as
Director (Planning & Business Development) by the Board
of Directors w.e.f. 26.02.2025 and who holds office upto the
date of this AGM and in respect of whom, the Company has
received a notice in writing from a member under section
160 of the Act, be and is hereby appointed as Director
(Planning & Business Development) of the Company, liable
to retire by rotation.
7.
To reappoint Shri Prasenjit Biswas (DIN - 09398565) as
an Independent Director of the Company.

as a Special Resolution

Company, Shri Prasenjit Biswas (DIN - 09398565) who was
reappointed as an Additional Director and Independent
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

order from MoP&NG .
8.
To reappoint Shri Krishnan Sadagopan (DIN - 09397902)
as an Independent Director of the Company.

as a Special Resolution

Company, Shri Krishnan Sadagopan (DIN - 09397902) who
was reappointed as an Additional Director and Independent
order from MoP&NG.
9.
To reappoint Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker (DIN -
09400251) as an Independent Director of the Company.

as a Special Resolution

Company, Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker (DIN - 09400251) who
was reappointed as an Additional Director and Independent
order from MoP&NG.
10. To appoint Ms Esha Srivastava (DIN - 08504560) as
Government Nominee Director of the Company.

as an Ordinary Resolution

152, 161(3) and other applicable provisions if any, of the
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment
thereof for the time being in force), Regulation 17 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) and other applicable
provisions of Listing Regulations and Articles of Association
of the Company, Ms Esha Srivastava (DIN - 08504560) who
was appointed as Government Nominee Director by the
Board of Directors w.e.f. 20.06.2025 and who holds office
upto the date of this AGM and in respect of whom, the
Company has received a notice in writing from a member
under section 160 of the Act, be and is hereby appointed as
Government Nominee Director of the Company, not liable to
retire by rotation.
11. To appoint M/s. Dholakia & Associates LLP Practicing
Company Secretaries, Mumbai as Secretarial Auditor

resolutions as an Ordinary Resolutions:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 204
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies
Act, 2013, read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,
2014, Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations &
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, as well as
other applicable laws, rules and regulations (including any
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for
the time being in force) and based on the recommendation
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the
Company, consent of the members be and is hereby
accorded for the appointment of M/s Dholakia & Associates
LLP Practicing Company Secretaries, Mumbai (Firm
Registration No. P2014MH034700), as the Secretarial
Auditor of the Company for a period of five (5) financial
years commencing from the financial year 2025-26 up to
the financial year 2029-30.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a fee of ₹1,00,000 (Rupees One
Lakh only) plus applicable taxes, be and is hereby approved
to be paid to M/s Dholakia & Associates LLP Practicing
Company Secretaries, Mumbai (Firm Registration No.
P2014MH034700), for conducting the Secretarial Audit of
the Company for the financial year 2025-26.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT that Board of Directors of the
Company be and is hereby authorised to finalize the terms
and conditions of the appointment, including the fee payable
to M/s Dholakia & Associates LLP Practicing Company
Secretaries, Mumbai for conducting the Secretarial Audit of
the Company for the financial years 2026-27 to 2029-30 and
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be
deemed necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to
this resolution.
AGM Notice

12. Approval for material Related Party Transactions with
Lanka IOC PLC, a Subsidiary Company of IndianOil, for
the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation
23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( Listing Regulations ),
re-enactments thereof, if any and the policy on Materiality
party transactions of the Company, as may be applicable,
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with Lanka IOC PLC., a subsidiary
of IndianOil, for financial year 2026-27, subject to a limit of
10% of the consolidated turnover of the Company for the
preceding financial year.

thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.
13. Approval for material Related Party Transactions with
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd., a Joint
Venture Company of IndianOil, for the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation
23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( Listing Regulations ),
re-enactments thereof, if any and the policy on Materiality
party transactions of the Company, as may be applicable,
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with Cauvery Basin Refinery and
Petrochemicals Ltd., a Joint Venture Company of IndianOil,
for financial year 2026-27, subject to a limit of 10% of the
consolidated turnover of the Company for the preceding
financial year.

thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.
14. Approval for material Related Party Transactions
with Hindustan Urvarak Rasayan Ltd., a Joint Venture
Company of IndianOil, for the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with Hindustan Urvarak Rasayan

SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

15. Approval for material Related Party Transactions with
IHB Ltd., a Joint Venture Company of IndianOil, for the
year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with IHB Ltd., a Joint Venture
Company of IndianOil, for financial year 2026-27, subject to
a limit of 10% of the consolidated turnover of the Company
for the preceding financial year."

16. Approval for material Related Party Transactions with
IndianOil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd., a Joint Venture Company
of IndianOil, for the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with IndianOil Adani Gas Pvt.

17. Approval for material Related Party Transactions with
IndianOil Petronas Pvt. Ltd., a Joint Venture Company
of IndianOil, for the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with IndianOil Petronas Pvt.

AGM Notice

18. Approval for material Related Party Transactions
with Petronet LNG Ltd., a Joint Venture Company of
IndianOil, for the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with Petronet LNG Ltd., a Joint
Venture Company of IndianOil, for financial year 2026-27,
subject to a limit of 10% of the consolidated turnover of the
Company for the preceding financial year."

19. Approval for material Related Party Transactions with
Lubrizol India Pvt. Ltd., a Joint Venture Company of
IndianOil, for the year 2026-27.

resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions

23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Material Related Party Transactions (whether an individual
transactions or otherwise) with Lubrizol India Pvt. Ltd., a
Joint Venture Company of IndianOil, for financial year 2026-
27, subject to a limit of 10% of the consolidated turnover of
the Company for the preceding financial year."

Sl. No.
Name of Entity
Relationship with IndianOil
Nature of RPT
Indian Oil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd.
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited
JVC of IndianOil
Falcon Oil & Gas B.V.
JVC of IndOil Global B.V., Netherlands,
a WoS of IndianOil
20. Approval for material Related Party Transactions of IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Ltd. ( IGCMIL ), a Wholly
Owned Subsidiary of IndianOil, with Related parties of IndianOil for the financial year 2025-26.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( Listing Regulations ), other applicable laws and amendments, modifications or re-enactments thereof, if any
and the policy on Materiality of related party transactions and on dealing with related party transactions of the Company, as
may be applicable, consent of the members be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related Party Transactions (whether an
individual transaction or transaction taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) of IOC Global Capital Management IFSC
Ltd. ( IGCMIL ), a wholly owned subsidiary of IndianOil, with following Related Parties (RPs) of IndianOil (where IndianOil is not a
party ) with whom the transactions are expected to exceed ₹1,000 Crore during the financial year 2025-26 as per details mentioned
in the explanatory statement, subject to a limit of 10% of the consolidated turnover of IndianOil for the preceding financial year for
transactions with each RP:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Name of Entity
Relationship with IndianOil
Nature of RPT
Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Ltd.
JVC of IndianOil
Indian Oil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd.
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
Taas India Pte. Ltd.
JVC of IOCL Singapore Pte. Ltd., WoS of
IndianOil
Providing loan facility to IGCMIL
Vankor India Pte. Ltd.
JVC of IOCL Singapore Pte. Ltd., WoS of
IndianOil

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of IGCMIL be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of its powers to any Committee
of Directors and/or Director(s) and/or official(s) of the Company or to any other person(s) so authorized by IT and to do all such acts,
deeds, matters and things, the Board of IGCMIL may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, including but not limited to finalizing
the terms and conditions, methods and modes, finalizing and executing necessary documents, including contracts, schemes,
agreements and such other papers, documents as may be required, filing any relevant documents and making representations,
seeking all necessary approvals from relevant authorities, to give effect to aforesaid resolution, for and on behalf of the IGCMIL and
settling all such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts, whatsoever that may arise without being required to seek further consent
or approval of the members to the intent that the members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the
authority of this resolution.
22. To ratify the remuneration of the Cost Auditors for the Financial Year ending March 31, 2026.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in
force, the aggregate remuneration of ₹24.50 Lakh plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses payable to the Cost Auditors
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company, to conduct the audit of the cost records of the various units of the Company
for the Financial Year ending March 31, 2026, be and is hereby ratified.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of IGCMIL be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of its powers to any Committee
of Directors and/or Director(s) and/or official(s) of the Company or to any other person(s) so authorized by IT and to do all such acts,
deeds, matters and things, the Board of IGCMIL may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, including but not limited to finalizing
the terms and conditions, methods and modes, finalizing and executing necessary documents, including contracts, schemes,
agreements and such other papers, documents as may be required, filing any relevant documents and making representations,
seeking all necessary approvals from relevant authorities, to give effect to aforesaid resolution, for and on behalf of the IGCMIL and
settling all such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts, whatsoever that may arise without being required to seek further consent
or approval of the members to the intent that the members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the
authority of this resolution.
21. Approval for material Related Party Transactions of IOC Global Capital Management IFSC Ltd. ( IGCMIL ), a Wholly
Owned Subsidiary of IndianOil, with Related Parties of IndianOil for the financial year 2026-27.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( Listing Regulations ), other applicable laws and amendments, modifications or re-enactments thereof, if any
and the policy on Materiality of related party transactions and on dealing with related party transactions of the Company, as
may be applicable, consent of the members be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related Party Transactions (whether an
individual transaction or transaction taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) of IOC Global Capital Management IFSC
Ltd. ( IGCMIL ), a wholly owned subsidiary of IndianOil, with following Related Parties (RPs) of IndianOil (where IndianOil is not a
party ) with whom the transactions are expected to exceed ₹1,000 Crore during the financial year 2026-27 as per details mentioned
in the explanatory statement, subject to a limit of 10% of the consolidated turnover of IndianOil for the preceding financial year for
transactions with each RP:
AGM Notice

23. To issue Corporate Guarantee upto J481 Crore for
banking facilities on behalf of Indofast Swap Energy
Private Limited, a Joint Venture Company of IndianOil.

To consider and if thought fit to pass, the following resolution
as a Special Resolutions

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 185
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies
Act, 2013, including amendments thereof, Articles of
Association of the Company, all other provisions of
applicable laws, rules and regulations and subject to such
approvals, consents, sanctions and permissions, as may be
necessary, consent of the Members of the Company be and
is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of Directors of
the Company (which expression shall be deemed to include
a Committee thereof) to provide Corporate Guarantee(s)
upto H481 Crore for banking facilities in favour of banks
on behalf Indofast Swap Energy Private Limited, a Joint
Venture Company of IndianOil.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the
Company or a Committee thereof or any of their delegates,
be and is hereby authorized to do or cause to be done all
such acts, matters, deeds and things including signing and
executing such deeds, agreements, documents and writings
and to make such filings, deemed necessary to give effect
to the above resolution.
Registered Office
G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Date: August 6, 2025

By Order of the Board of Directors

Sd/

(Kamal Kumar Gwalani)

Company Secretary

(ACS: 13737)
NOTES
1.
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) vide its General Circular
No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 read with circulars
issued earlier on the subject ( MCA Circulars ) and SEBI vide
its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133
dated October 3, 2024 read with the circulars issued earlier
on the subject ( SEBI Circulars ), have permitted to conduct
the Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) virtually, without
physical presence of Members at a common venue. Hence,
in compliance with the Circulars, the AGM of the Company
is being held through VC/OAVM.
2.
Participation of members through VC/OAVM will be
reckoned for the purpose of quorum for the AGM.
3.
A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled
to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf
and the proxy need not be a member of the Company.
However, MCA while granting the relaxations to hold the
AGM through VC/OAVM has also provided exemption from
the requirement of appointing proxies. Hence for this AGM
the facility for appointment of proxy by the members is not
being provided. Accordingly, the proxy form, attendance slip
and the route map of the venue have not been provided along
with the notice. The members are requested to participate in
the AGM through VC /OAVM from their respective location.
4.
In compliance with Regulation 44 of Listing Regulations,
the top 100 Listed Companies, as per market capitalization,
are required to provide the facility of Live Webcast of the
proceedings of the General Meeting. Since this AGM is being
conducted through VC/OAVM, the requirement of webcast
under Listing Regulations is being complied with.
5.
Institutional/Corporate Members are required to send
a scanned copy (PDF/JPG format) of its Board or
Governing Body Resolution/Authorization etc., authorizing
its representative to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM
on its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting. The
said Resolution/Authorization should be sent to the
Scrutinizer by email from the registered email address of
the member to pawaskarus@rediffmail.com with a copy
marked to evoting@nsdl.com. They can also upload the
Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority Letter etc.
by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter"
displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login page.
6.
A statement setting out the material facts pursuant to
Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules
notified thereunder ( the Act ), relating to the Special
Business to be transacted at the AGM is annexed hereto.
The relevant details, pursuant to Regulations 36(3) of the
Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of
India, in respect of Director(s) seeking reappointment at this
AGM is also annexed.
7.
The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the
Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which
the Directors are interested, maintained under Section 189
of the Act, will be available electronically for inspection to
the members during the AGM. All documents referred to
in the Notice will also be available for electronic inspection
without payment of any fee by the members from the date
of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM i.e. August
30, 2025. Members seeking to inspect such documents can
send an email to ioclagm@indianoil.in.
8.
The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended
a dividend of ₹3/- per equity share for the year 2024-25. The
Company has fixed Friday, August 8, 2025 as the Record
Date for determining entitlement of members to receive
the dividend if approved, at the AGM. The dividend, once
approved by the members in the ensuing AGM, will be paid
to the eligible members within the stipulated period of 30
days of declaration.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

9.
The dividend will be paid through electronic mode to
those members whose updated bank account details are
available. SEBI has mandated that with effect from April
1, 2024, dividend to security holders (holding securities in
physical form), shall be paid only through electronic mode.
Such payment shall be made only after furnishing the PAN,
choice of nomination, contact details including mobile
number, bank account details and specimen signature.
10. Members may note that the Income Tax Act, 1961,
as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, mandates that
dividends paid or distributed by a company is taxable
in the hands of members. The Company shall therefore
be required to deduct tax at source ( TDS ) at the time of
making the payment of dividend. In order to enable us to
determine the applicable TDS rate, members are requested
to submit the relevant documents on or before August
10, 2025. The detailed communication regarding TDS on
dividend is provided on the link: https://iocl.com/pages/
notices-overview.

Kindly note that no documents in respect of TDS would be
accepted from members after August 10, 2025.
11. As per Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations, as amended,
request for transfer of securities shall not be processed
unless the securities are held in demat form with a depository.
Further, transmission or transposition of securities shall be
only in dematerialised form. In view thereof and to eliminate
all risks associated with physical shares, members holding
shares in physical form are requested to convert their
holdings to dematerialized form. Members can contact the
Company or the RTA for assistance in this regard.
12. In order to update KYC details, members holding shares
in physical form are requested to submit their PAN, KYC
and nomination details in the prescribed forms i.e. ISR-
1, ISR-2, ISR-3 or SH-13 to the Company s registrars KFin
Technologies Ltd. (KFin) at the address -KFin Technologies
Ltd. (KFin), Unit: Indian Oil Corporation Limited, Selenium
Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500 032 ; Toll Free No. 1800
309 4001 ; E-mail Address : einward.ris@kfintech.com. The
forms for updating the same are available at https://ris.
kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx.
Members
holding shares in electronic form are requested to submit
their PAN, KYC and nomination details if any, to their
depository participant(s).
13. SEBI has established a common Online Dispute Resolution
Portal ( ODR Portal ) for resolution of disputes arising
in the Indian Securities. After exhausting the option to
resolve their grievances with the RTA/ Company directly
and through existing SCORES platform, the investors can
initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal i.e. https://
smartodr.in/login
14. As per the provisions of Section 124(5) of the Act, the
dividend(s) which remains unpaid/unclaimed for a period
of 7 years is required to be transferred to the Investor
Education & Protection Fund ( IEPF ) established by the
Central Government at the end of the 7th year. Accordingly,
the Company has transferred all unpaid/unclaimed dividend
declared upto the financial year 2016-17 and unpaid/
unclaimed interim dividends for the year 2017-18 to IEPF on
the respective due dates.

Further, Section 124(6) of the Act provides that all shares
in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed
for seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred by
the Company to the demat account of IEPF authority. The
Company had sent reminder letter to all such members,
whose dividend had remained unpaid/unclaimed for a
consecutive period of 7 years with a request to claim the
dividend, failing which the shares would be transferred to
the IEPF Authority on the due date. Thereafter, such shares
were transferred to the demat account of the IEPF authority.
The details of such shares are hosted on the website of the
Company www.iocl.com.

IT may please be noted that, upon completion of 7 years,
the Company would transfer the unpaid/unclaimed
dividend for the financial year 2017-18 (final dividend
2017-18) on or before October 30, 2025. Further, the
shares in respect of which dividend has remained unpaid/
unclaimed for a consecutive period of 7 years would also
be transferred to the demat account of IEPF authority on
or before 30th October,2025. The details of such unpaid/
unclaimed dividend(s) as well as shares liable to be
transferred to the IEPF are hosted on the website of the
Company www.iocl.com.

Section 125 of the Act provides that a member whose
dividend/shares have been transferred to the IEPF shall
be entitled to claim refund therefrom. The procedure for
claiming the unpaid dividend and shares transferred to the
IEPF Authority is provided on the following link: http://www.
iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html.

To avoid transfer of unpaid dividends/equity shares, the
members are requested to write to the RTA at the address
mentioned above or to the Company for claiming the
unpaid/unclaimed dividend.
15. Pursuant to Sections 101 and 136 of the Act read with
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
and Listing Regulations, the Annual Report of the Company
is required to be sent through email to those members
whose email address is registered and in physical form
to those members who have not registered their email
address. However, in compliance with the circulars issued
by MCA as well as SEBI, the Notice of the AGM along with
the Integrated Annual Report 2024-25 is being sent only
through electronic mode to those members whose email
address is registered with the Company/ Depositories
unless any Member has requested for a physical copy of the
same. Members may note that the Notice and Integrated
Annual Report 2024-25 are also available on the Company s
website www.iocl.com , website of the Stock Exchanges i.e.
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited
at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively
and on the website of National Securities Depository Limited
( NSDL ) https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.
AGM Notice

16. Instructions for e-voting and joining the AGM are as under:

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108
of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as
amended from time to time and Regulation 44 of the
Listing Regulations, the members are provided with
the facility to cast their vote electronically, through
the e-voting services provided by NSDL, on all the
resolutions set forth in this Notice. The instructions for
e-voting are given herein below.

The cut-off date to be eligible to vote by electronic
means is Saturday, August 23, 2025.

The voting rights of members shall be in proportion
to the shares held by them in the paid-up equity share
capital of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e.
August 23, 2025. A person who is not a member as
on the cut-off date is requested to treat this notice for
information only.

The remote e-voting period would commence at 9:00
am (IST) on Wednesday, August 27, 2025 and shall
end at 5 pm (IST) on Friday, August 29, 2025. During
this period, members holding shares as on cut-off
date, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting
module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.
Those members, who intend to participate in the AGM
through VC/OAVM facility and could not cast their vote
on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to
vote through e-voting system during the AGM.

The Company has appointed CS Umesh S. Pawaskar
of Umesh Pawaskar & Co., a practicing Company
Secretary, to scrutinize the voting process in a fair and
transparent manner.

The members who cast their vote by remote e-voting
prior to the AGM may also attend/participate in the
AGM through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to
cast their vote again.

Any person, holding shares in physical form and non-
individual members, who acquire the shares of the
Company after the dispatch of the notice and hold
shares as on the cut-off date, may obtain the login ID
and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.
com. If a member is already registered with NSDL for
remote e-voting, then such member can use existing
user ID and password for e-voting. If you forget the
password, the same can be reset by using Forgot
User Details/Password or Physical User Reset
Password option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com
or by calling on no. 022-48867000.

viii. An individual member holding shares in demat
mode, who acquires the shares of the Company after
dispatch of the notice and holding shares as on the
cut-off date may follow steps mentioned below.

Details of the process and manner for remote e-voting
and voting during the AGM are explained below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

A)
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual members holding securities in demat mode

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual members
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Members are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order
to access e-Voting facility.

Login method for Individual members holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
Login Method
Individual Shareholders
demat mode with NSDL.
a. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No.,
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting
during the meeting.
b. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.
com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on
the Beneficial Owner icon under Login which is available under IDeAS section, this will
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication,
you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on Access
to e-Voting under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual
meeting & voting during the meeting.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Type of shareholders
Login Method
c. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select Register Online for IDeAS Portal or click at https://eservices.
nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
d. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon Login which is available under
Shareholder/Member section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User
ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting
& voting during the meeting.
e. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App NSDL Speede facility by
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

Individual Shareholders
demat mode with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility, can login through their existing user
id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further
authentication. The users to login Easi/Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing
my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for
eligible companies where the e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by
company. On clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the
e-Voting service provider for casting vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally,
there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that
the user can visit the e-Voting service providers website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on
registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded
in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting
option where the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all
e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders
(holding securities in
demat mode) login
through their depository
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to
see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository
site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.

Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
Password option available at abovementioned website.
AGM Notice

Login type
Helpdesk details
Individual Members
demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request
at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Members
demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request
at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911

B)
Login Method for members other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and members holding
securities in physical mode.

How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?

1.
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.

2.
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon Login which is available under Shareholder/
Member section.

3.
A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as
shown on the screen.

Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.

4.
Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL)
or Physical
Your User ID is
a) For Members who hold shares in demat account
with NSDL.
8. Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******
b) For Members who hold shares in demat account
with CDSL.
16. Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then
your user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456
then user ID is 101456001***

5.
Password details for members other than
Individual shareholders are given below:

If you are already registered for e-Voting,
then you can user your existing password
to login and cast your vote.

If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for
the first time, you will need to retrieve the
initial password which was communicated
to you. Once you retrieve your initial
password , you need to enter the initial
password and the system will force you to
change your password.

How to retrieve your initial password ?

If your email ID is registered in
your demat account or with the
company, your initial password is
communicated to you on your email
ID. Trace the email sent to you from
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the
email and open the attachment i.e.
a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The
password to open the .pdf file is your 8
digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8
digits of client ID for CDSL account or
folio number for shares held in physical

Helpdesk for Individual Members holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

form. The .pdf file contains your User
ID and your initial password .

If your email ID is not registered,
please follow steps mentioned below
in process for those members whose
email ids are not registered.

6.
If you are unable to retrieve or have not
received
Initial
password
or
have
forgotten your password:

Click on Forgot User Details/Password? (If
you are holding shares in your demat
account with NSDL or CDSL) option
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.

Physical User Reset Password? (If you are
holding shares in physical mode) option
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.

If you are still unable to get the password
by aforesaid two options, you can send a
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning
your
demat
account
number/folio
number, your PAN, your name and your
registered address etc.

Members can also use the OTP (One Time
Password) based login for casting the votes
on the e-Voting system of NSDL.

7.
After entering your password, tick on Agree
Terms
Conditions
selecting
on the check box.

8.
Now, you will have to click on Login button.

9.
After you click on the Login button, Home page
of e-Voting will open.

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.

How to cast your vote electronically and join General
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?

1.
After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see
all the companies EVEN in which you are holding
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is
in active status.

2.
Select EVEN of company for which you wish to
cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period
and casting your vote during the General Meeting.
For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on VC/
OAVM link placed under Join Meeting .

3.
Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting
page opens.

4.
Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e.
assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on
Submit and also Confirm when prompted.

5.
Upon
confirmation,
message
Vote
cast
successfully will be displayed.

6.
You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you
by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.

7.
Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will
not be allowed to modify your vote.

Guidelines for e-voting

1.
IT is strongly recommended that you do not share
your password with any other person and take utmost
care to keep your password confidential. Login
to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.
In such an event, you will need to go through the
Forgot User Details/Password? or Physical User
Reset Password? option available on www.evoting.
nsdl.com to reset the password.

2.
In case of any queries, you may refer to the Frequently
Asked Questions (FAQs) for members and e-voting
user manual for members available in the download
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022-
48867000, or send a request at the designated email
IDs: evoting@nsdl.com to get your grievances on
e-voting addressed.

Instructions for attending the AGM through VC/OAVM are
as under:

1.
Members will be provided a facility to attend the AGM
through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may by
follow the steps mentioned above to access the NSDL
e-Voting system. After successful login, members can
click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting
menu against company name. The link for VC/OAVM
will be available in Shareholder/Member login where
the EVEN of Company will be displayed.

Please note that the members who do not have the
User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten
the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by
following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned
above to avoid last minute rush.

The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM
mode 15 minutes before the scheduled time of the
commencement of the Meeting by following the
procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of
participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be
made available for 1,000 members on first come
first served basis.

2.
Members who need assistance before or during the
AGM, can call on 022-48867000 or contact Mr Amit
Vishal, Deputy Vice President, NSDL or Mr Abhijeet
Gunjal, Assistant Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com.

3.
Members who would like to express their views or ask
questions during the AGM may register themselves
as a speaker by sending their request from their
registered email address mentioning their name, DP
AGM Notice

ID and Client ID/folio number, PAN, mobile number at
ioclagm@indianoil.in from August 25, 2025 to August
28, 2025. Those members who register themselves as
a speaker during the said period will only be allowed
to express their views/ask questions during the
AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the
number of speakers depending on the availability of
time for the AGM.

Other Instructions

1.
The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion
of voting at the AGM, first count the electronic votes
cast during the AGM and thereafter unblock and
count the votes cast through remote e-voting and
make a consolidated Scrutinizer s Report and submit
the same to the Chairman or any other person
authorized by him. The result will be declared within
the prescribed time limit.

2.
The result declared along with the Scrutinizer s Report
shall be placed on the Company s website www.iocl.
com and on the website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.
com immediately. The Company shall simultaneously
forward the results to National Stock Exchange of
India Limited and BSE Limited, where the shares of the
Company are listed.
A brief resume of director(s) proposed to be
reappointed is given below
Item No. 3
To appoint a Director in place of Shri Anuj Jain
(DIN - 10310088) who retires by rotation and
is eligible for reappointment
Shri Anuj Jain, aged 54 years, is a Commerce Graduate and
a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (ICAI). He has also completed a Masters in
Business Finance from the ICAI.
Shri Anuj Jain had joined IndianOil in 1996 and has over 29 years
of rich and varied experience in the field of Finance, Taxation and
Commercial aspects of the Oil & Gas industry. He has handled
various assignments like Corporate Finance, Treasury & Fund
Management, Supply Chain Optimization, Pricing, Shipping, Direct
and Indirect Taxation, SAP and ERP system etc.
He was also posted as Senior Vice President (Finance) in Lanka
IOC PLC., a listed Subsidiary of IndianOil in Sri Lanka where he
headed the Finance function. He was also a Board member and
Audit Committee member of Ceylon Petroleum Storage Terminals
Limited (CPSTL), a strategic petroleum company in Sri Lanka.
Item No. 4
To appoint a Director in place of Dr Alok
Sharma (DIN - 10453982) who retires by
rotation and is eligible for reappointment
Dr Alok Sharma, aged 59 years, is a post graduate engineer in
Chemical Engineering from IIT-Delhi and graduate from Gujarat
University. Dr Sharma has more than 3 decades of rich experience
in the downstream energy sector and has made significant
contributions to the Indian refining sector in Process, Projects
and Production.
During his career in IndianOil, his various achievements inter alia
include pivotal role in establishing India s First Hydrocracker Unit
in Gujarat Refinery as well as Hydroprocessing lab and Resid
Block at R&D Centre. With a visionary approach to catalyze
IndianOil s ambitions in Alternative Energy, he spearheaded the
Research and Development endeavors in hydrogen, gasification,
solar, CO2 capture and energy storage technologies. His
noteworthy achievements include successful development of
compact reforming HCNG solutions, co-processing of non-edible
oils in refinery, nation s first HCNG trials in Delhi, fuel cell and
green hydrogen initiatives besides making critical contributions
in carbon capture and ethanol technologies.
Dr Sharma represents the Oil & Gas sector on various committees
of NITI Aayog, MNRE, DST and Bureau of Energy Efficiency. He
is also a member of International Association of Hydrogen
Energy (IAHE) and founder member of Hydrogen Association
of India (HAI).
Details of Directorships in other companies including
listed companies and excluding foreign companies
Nil
Nil
Nil
Listed Entities from which Shri Sharma has
Nil
Nil
Shri Anuj Jain is actively involved in identification and formulation
of various business strategies for transition of the Company in
the changing landscape of India s energy sector.
Details of Directorships in other companies including
listed companies and excluding foreign companies
Nil
Listed Entities from which Shri Anuj Jain has
Nil
Nil
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Item No. 5
To appoint Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney (DIN
- 10652030) as Whole-time Director and to
designate him as Chairman of the Company.
Shri Arvinder Singh Sahney, aged 55 years, is a Chemical
Engineer from HBTI, Kanpur, with over three decades of expertise
in the Refinery and Petrochemical sector. He brings extensive
experience from working at five of IndianOil s nine refineries.
At IndianOil, he has been instrumental in commissioning and
optimizing key refinery units, including the 15 MMTPA Paradip
Refinery, which has significantly bolstered India s refining capacity
and energy security.
Prior to his appointment as Chairman, he headed IndianOil s
Petrochemical vertical, where he was instrumental in the
conceptualization of various petrochemical projects, including
the upcoming mega Petrochemical Complex at Paradip, poised
to significantly expand IndianOil s footprint in the sector.
A firm believer in people-centric leadership, Shri Sahney has
championed Innovation and Digital transformation as drivers of
growth and sustainability. His strategic vision and operational
excellence have positioned IndianOil as a global energy major,
well-equipped to meet the evolving energy needs of the nation.
Nil
4,650
Listed Entities from which Shri Sahney has
Nil
Nil
The Company has received requisite consent from Shri Arvinder
Singh Sahney. He is neither disqualified from being appointed as
the name of Shri Sahney as a candidate for the office of Director.
and or their relatives except Shri Sahney is interested or concerned
in the resolution.
Item No. 6
To appoint Shri Suman Kumar (DIN -
09724749) as Director (Planning & Business
Development) of the Company
Shri Suman Kumar, aged 57, is a Mechanical Engineer from
MIT Muzaffarpur. He has also completed MBA from a leading
Indian university, Advance Management Programme and various
specialized courses in Business Development. He has more than
3 decades of rich experience in IndianOil across various functions
like LPG Operations, Sales, Energy conservation, Carbon emission
& mitigation etc. of which more than 14 years has been in
Business Development and Strategic Planning.
Before his elevation as Director (Planning & Business
Development), Shri Suman Kumar was heading the Exploration
& Production (E&P) vertical, which has assets in India as well
as 9 overseas countries. He has also served as the head of
Gas business wherein he was instrumental in sourcing of LNG,
conceiving new projects, etc. He has also played a significant role
in the upscaling of Petrochemical business, City Gas Distribution
business and Renewable Energy business in IndianOil.
Number of Board Meetings attended during 2024-
Nil
Nil
16,458
Listed Entities from which Shri Suman Kumar has
Nil
Nil
The Company has received requisite consent from Shri Suman
Kumar. He is neither disqualified from being appointed as
propose the name of Shri Suman Kumar as a candidate for the
office of Director.
and or their relatives except Shri Suman Kumar is interested or
Statement setting out the material facts relating to the special business in pursuance of
section 102(1) of the companies act, 2013
AGM Notice

Item No. 7
To
reappoint
Shri
Prasenjit
Biswas
(DIN - 09398565) as an Independent Director
Shri Prasenjit Biswas (DIN - 09398565) was reappointed as an
Independent Director on the Board of IndianOil w.e.f. 28th March
2025. Shri Biswas was earlier an Independent Director on the
Board of IndianOil for a period of 3 year, from 24th November 2021
to 23rd November 2024.
Government of India. The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
vide its letter dated 28.03.2025 had reappointed Shri Prasenjit
Biswas as Non-official Independent Director for a period of one
year or until further order from MoP&NG.
Shri Biswas, aged 67 years, an M.Sc. (Forestry) from FRI Deemed
University, Dehradun, is an Indian Forest Services Officer of
1993 batch. He retired from the Indian Forest Service in 2018.
He is currently a member on the Rubber Board, Ministry of
Commerce & Industry.
He has more than three decades of experience in managing
natural & wildlife resources including amelioration of people
belonging to the marginalized section of society and their
empowerment & skill, drafting policies of the State Government;
management of Wild life resources; issues related to climate
change, IT & GIS based technologies; etc.
Nil
Nil
Nil
Listed Entities from which Shri Biswas has
Nil
Nil
Shri Biswas including confirmations that he meets the criteria of
Independence as prescribed under section 149(6) of their Act &
Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. He is neither disqualified
from being appointed as Director in terms of provisions of the Act
nor debarred from being appointed to the office of Director by
virtue of any order of SEBI or any other authority.
propose the name of Shri Prasenjit Biswas as a candidate for the
office of Director.
and or their relatives except Shri Prasenjit Biswas is interested or
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in the
notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 8
To
reappoint
Shri
Krishnan
Sadagopan
(DIN - 09397902) as an Independent Director
Shri Krishnan Sadagopan (DIN - 09397902) was reappointed as
an Independent Director on the Board of IndianOil w.e.f. 28th March
2025. Shri Sadagopan was earlier an Independent Director on the
Board of IndianOil for a period of 3 year, from 24th November 2021
to 23rd November 2024.
Government of India. The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
vide its letter dated 28.03.2025 had reappointed Shri Krishnan
Sadagopan as Non-official Independent Director for a period of
one year or until further order from MoP&NG.
Shri Sadagopan, aged 58 years, is B.Tech from Madras Institute
of Technology (M.I.T.), Anna University and an M.E. from Sardar
Patel College of Engineering, Mumbai. Pursuing his passion in IC
Engines, he has worked in senior position in various automobile
companies viz. Bajaj Auto Limited, Mahindra & Mahindra Limited
& Tata Motors Limited. He is currently working as the Senior
Vice-President (Engine Development) in Ashok Leyland Limited,
wherein, he undertakes strategic initiatives through business
leader s program and councils, including technical associations.
Shri Krishnan specializes in project management, product
development, risk mitigation and mentoring. Shri Krishnan is widely
travelled and has presented papers in various professional forums.
Nil
Nil
Nil
Listed Entities from which Shri Krishnan has
Nil
Nil
Shri Krishnan Sadagopan including confirmations that he meets
the criteria of Independence as prescribed under section 149(6) of
their Act & Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. He is neither
disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms of provisions
of the Act nor debarred from being appointed to the office of
Director by virtue of any order of SEBI or any other authority.
propose the name of Shri Krishnan Sadagopan as a candidate for
the office of Director.
and or their relatives except Shri Krishnan Sadagopan is interested
or concerned in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in the
notice for approval by the Members.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Item No. 9
To reappoint Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker
(DIN - 09400251) as an Independent Director
Dr Dattatreya Rao Sirpurker (DIN - 09400251) was reappointed
as an Independent Director on the Board of IndianOil w.e.f. 28th
March 2025. Dr Sirpurker was earlier an Independent Director on
the Board of IndianOil for a period of 3 year, from 24th November
2021 to 23rd November 2024.
Government of India. The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
vide its letter dated 28.03.2025 had reappointed Dr Dattatreya
Rao Sirpurker as Non-official Independent Director for a period of
one year or until further order from MoP&NG.
Dr Sirpurker, aged 67 years, is a Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine
and Surgery (B.A.M.S) and M.D in Ayurveda Shalya from Osmania
University. He is also an M.Sc in Psychology and is a doctorate in
medicine from Pune University.
Dr Sirpurker retired as a Professor of Shalya (Ayurveda) from
S. V. Medical College (UHS), Tirupati. He has more than two
decades of teaching experience in department of Shalya and he
is a profound practitioner of Ksharasutra. He has published many
articles on Shalya in national and international journals of repute.
He is recognized as all India expert in the Ksharasutra technique.
He has also been awarded a degree in D.Sc by the Sri Lanka Open
University. Dr Sirpurker has many research papers to his credit.
Nil
Nil
Nil
Listed Entities from which Dr Sirpurker has
Nil
Nil
Dr Sirpurker including confirmations that he meets the criteria of
Independence as prescribed under section 149(6) of their Act &
Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. He is neither disqualified
from being appointed as Director in terms of provisions of the Act
nor debarred from being appointed to the office of Director by
virtue of any order of SEBI or any other authority.
the name of Dr Sirpurker as a candidate for the office of Director.
and or their relatives except Dr Sirpurker is interested or concerned
in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in
To appoint Ms Esha Srivastava (DIN -
08504560) as Government Nominee Director
Ms Esha Srivastava (DIN - 08504560) is an Indian Foreign Service
Officer of 2004 Batch and presently posted as Joint Secretary
(International Cooperation) in Ministry of Petroleum & Natural
Gas (MoP&NG). Ms Srivastava is an alumnus of Lady Shri Ram
College, New Delhi and also holds an M. Phil Degree in Political
Science from Delhi University. She is also a Gold Medalist from
Delhi University.
Prior to her appointment in the MoP&NG, she has served as the
Deputy Chief of Mission in the Indian Embassy in Thimphu from
November 2016 to January 2019. Before that, she was posted
in the Ministry of External Affairs. She has also served in High
Commission of India in Colombo and in the Embassy of India,
Paris and in the Permanent Delegation of India to UNESCO.
She is currently a nominee Director on the Board of ONGC Videsh
Ltd. and Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd. She was a
Nominee Director on the Board of GAIL (India) Ltd., Mangalore
Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd. and Bharat Petro Resources Ltd.
NA
Nil
Nil
Listed Entities from which Ms Esha Srivastava
has resigned since last 3 years
Nil
The Company has received requisite consent from Ms Esha
Srivastava. She is neither disqualified from being appointed as
the name of Ms Esha as a candidate for the office of Director.
and or their relatives except Ms Esha Srivastava is interested or
AGM Notice

To appoint M/s. Dholakia & Associates LLP
Practicing Company Secretaries, Mumbai as
Secretarial Auditor of the Company
Pursuant to the Regulation 24A & other applicable provisions of
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI Listing
Regulations ) and provisions of Section 204 read with Rule 9 of
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013, if any ( the Act ), the Board of Directors at its
meetings held on May 30, 2025 based on the recommendation of
Audit Committee has approved subject to approval of Members,
appointment of M/s. Dholakia & Associates, Peer Reviewed Firm
of Company Secretaries in Practice (Firm Registration Number
P2014MH034700) as Secretarial Auditors for a term of 5(Five)
consecutive years from April 1, 2025 till March 31, 2030.
The Board has approved the appointment of M/s. Dholakia
& Associates, LLP as Secretarial Auditor after evaluating and
considering various factors such as industry experience, competency
of the audit team, efficiency in conduct of audit, independence, etc.
Dholakia & Associates has confirmed that the firm is not
disqualified and is eligible to be appointed as Secretarial Auditors
in terms of regulation 24A of SEBI Listing Regulations. The services
to be rendered by Dholakia & Associates, LLP as Secretarial
Auditors are within the purview of the said regulation read with
SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185
dated December 31, 2024.
The fees in connection with the secretarial audit shall be
₹1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakhs only) plus applicable taxes for the
year 2025-26. For subsequent year(s) of their term, fees would
be as per mutually agreed terms between the Company and M/s.
Dholakia & Associates.
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the
Company and/or their relatives are concerned or interested, in
the Resolution set out in the Notice.
the Notice for approval of the Members.
12 to 19
Approval
Material
Related
Party
Transactions
IndianOil
group
companies of IndianOil for the year 2026-27.
As per Section 188 of the Act, Related Party Transactions (RPT)
such as sale/purchase of goods or services, disposal or lease of
property of any kind, appointment of any agent for purchase or
sale of any goods, materials, services or property, appointment to
an office of profit and underwriting the subscription of securities/
derivatives of the Company, shall require prior approval of
members, if transactions exceed such sums, as prescribed.
Further, such transactions are exempt from the requirement of
obtaining prior approval of members, if they are in ordinary course
of business and at arms length.
SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 ( Listing Regulations ) inter-alia defines RPT as a transaction
between listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one hand and
a related party of the listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on the
other hand. Reg. 23 of the Listing Regulations provides that all
RPTs shall require prior approval of the Audit Committee. Reg 23
further contains provision relating to prior approval of members
for material RPTs, even if such transaction is in ordinary course of
business and at arms length.
As per Listing Regulations, an RPT with a RP shall be considered
material, if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or
taken together with previous transactions during a financial year,
exceeds ₹1,000 Crore or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover
of the company as per the last audited financial statements,
whichever is lower. SEBI has further clarified that prior approval of
members for material RPT s will have to be taken on annual basis.
Accordingly, prior approval of the members is required on
annual basis for material RPTs of IndianOil with any of its group
companies and also for RPTs of subsidiaries with any of the group
companies of IndianOil, wherein IndianOil is not a party to the RPT.
Material RPT s of IndianOil with RP s during 2026-27
As the expected value of the transactions with the RP s mentioned
at item nos. 12 to 19, is likely to exceed ₹1,000 Crore during the
year 2026-27, members approval for the material RPT s is being
sought. The Audit Committee and the Board of the Company
have reviewed the material RPT s and recommended seeking
members approval for the same
The information required under the Listing Regulations w.r.t
RPT s which are likely to exceed ₹1,000 Crore during 2026-27 and
require approval of members is provided as under:
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Name of the RP
Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (CBRPL)
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
Setting up of 9 MMTPA Refinery at Nagapattinam, Tamil Nadu
Type of RPT s

N
Subscription to Share Warrants

N
Rendering of IS(SAP) Services

N
Subscription to the share warrants shall be as per the terms and
conditions In line with the issue documents

N
Rendering of SAP services shall be on cost-to-cost basis
₹1,600 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
0.19 %
Name of the RP
Hindustan Urvarak Rasayan Ltd. (HURL)
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
Setting up and operating fertilizer plants at Sindri, Gorakhpur and Barauni
Type of RPT s

N
Sale and Purchase of goods and services

N

N
The sale of RLNG on Long Term basis as per agreement/Spot Basis
at prevailing market prices on the date of supply

N
Sale of petroleum products is done based on prevailing market price
on the date of supply.

N
Reimbursement of salary of employees on deputation to RP is on
₹2,000 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
0.23%
Name of the RP
Lanka IOC PLC, Sri Lanka (LIOC)
Nature of Relationship
Subsidiary Company of IndianOil
Retailing, Terminalling & Bunkering
Type of RPT s

N
Sale and Purchase of goods and services

N
Reimbursement of salary of employees on deputation

N
The sale of petroleum products like Gasoil, Gasoline, Base Oil,
Marine Gasoil etc. is as per the terms and conditions of the tender
floated by LIOC.

N
Purchase of products would be at prevailing market rates

N
₹1,300 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
One year i.e., for 2026-27
0.15%
Value of RPT as % of LIOC s turnover of ₹7,854.49
Crore for the year 2024-25
16.55%
xi.
Item No. 12
Material RPT s with Lanka IOC PLC, Sri Lanka
Item No. 13
Material RPT s with Cauvery Basin Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited
Item No. 14
Material RPT s with Hindustan Urvarak Rasayan Ltd.
AGM Notice

Name of the RP
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
Laying, building, operating or expanding LPG Pipeline from Kandla
(Gujarat) to Gorakhpur (UP)
Type of RPT s

N
Sales of Goods and services i.e., EPMC services

N
Reimbursement of salary of employees on deputation to RP

N
Sales of Goods and services i.e., ROU sharing

N
Purchase of Goods and Services i.e Transportation of LPG

N
Rendering of Services & Others (payment towards AMC support
service, SAP user license, insurance arrangement etc).

N
Fees charged by Companies engaged in providing EPMC services is
in the same range as considered by IndianOil

N
Reimbursement of salary of employees on deputation to RP is on
cost-to-cost basis.

N
The ROU sharing invoicing will be done as per the approved policy
which is applicable to other OMCs also.

N
Transportation of LPG shall be charged based on the Transportation
Tariff bid by IHB Ltd. in the PNGRB bid.
₹1,700 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
0.20 %
Name of the RP
IndianOil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd. (IOAGPL)
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
City Gas Distribution
Type of RPT s

N
Purchase/sale/Swapping of natural gas

N
Receipt of fees for providing financial and other guarantees
to enable IOAGPL to meet its financial as well operational
commitments made to PNGRB

N

N
Other Income (various charges)

N
Others (reimbursement of expenses, etc.)

N
Sale of RLNG is based on Short Term/ Long term/ Spot Basis. Sale
Agreement of RLNG is entered with IOAGPL which inter-alia includes
the commercial terms which are similar to the contract executed by
the Company with other unrelated parties

N
Purchase of RLNG on Spot Basis through IGX Portal On IGX, Buyers
and Sellers are anonymous to each other and details of counterparty
are not known at the time of trade and trade matching is carried out
by IGX on the basis of price

N
Purchase of CNG as per terms and conditions similar to the contract
executed by the Company with other unrelated parties

N
₹3,000 Crore
Item No. 15
Material RPT s with IHB Ltd.
Item No. 16
Material RPT s with IndianOil Adani Gas Pvt. Ltd.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Name of the RP
IndianOil Petronas Pvt. Ltd. (IPPL)
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
Terminalling services and parallel marketing of LPG
Type of RPT s

N
Sale of LPG/Butane/Propane

N
Payment of service charge to RP towards bottling
assistance and job work

N
Others (payment towards rent, safety surveillance charges etc.)

N

N
Material terms and conditions are based on the agreement which
inter-alia includes the commercial terms which are market linked or
derived through tender or mutual negotiation.

N
₹3,900 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
0.45%
Name of the RP
Petronet LNG Ltd. (PLL)
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
LNG imports/distribution and regasification
Type of RPT s

N
Purchase of Regasified Liquefied Natural Gas (RLNG)

N
Regasification Services

N
Other income Reimbursement of expenditure

N
Long term agreement is entered with the RP which inter-alia
includes the commercial terms which are market linked and
similar to the contract executed by PLL with other off- takers. Spot
contracts are executed through tenders

N
Rental income is similar to rental recovered from other
unrelated parties

N
Sale of other goods and services (including Design,
Engineering, Supply, Erection & Commissioning of LNG/LCNG
Dispensing station)
₹19,000 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
Purchase of Natural Gas for processing in the refineries of the Company
as well as sale to other customers for furtherance of business interest of
the Company
2.21%
Tenure of the RPT
0.35%
Item No. 17
Material RPT s with IndianOil Petronas Pvt. Ltd.
Item No. 18
Material RPT s with Petronet LNG Ltd.
AGM Notice

Name of the RP
Lubrizol India Pvt. Ltd.
Nature of Relationship
Joint Venture Company (JVC) of IndianOil
Manufacturing of Lube Additives
Type of RPT s

N
Purchase & Sale of Goods & Services i.e. Procurement of petroleum
products like additives

N
Sale of petroleum products/Base oils/Lubes

N
Availment of testing and analysis services

N
Procurement of petroleum products like additives as per the rate
derived in the tender.

N
Sale of petroleum products is as per market prevailing rates.

N
Availment of testing and analysis services is on cost to cost basis
₹1,100 Crore
Tenure of the RPT
0.13%
None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company/their relative is in any way interested or concerned in the resolutions
mentioned at item nos. 12 to 19 except as given below:

N
Shri Arvind Kumar, Director (Refineries) of IndianOil, who is Non-Executive Chairman on the Board of Cauvery Basin Refinery and
Petrochemicals Limited;

N
Shri A. S. Sahney, Chairman of IndianOil, who is Non-Executive Director on the Board of Petronet LNG Ltd.;
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolutions as set out in the Notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 20 & 21
Material RPT s of IGCMIL (WoS of IndianOil) with RP s of IndianOil where IndianOil is not a party for
the year 2025-26 and 2026-27
IGCMIL is a wholly owned subsidiary (WoS) of IndianOil registered as a finance company at IFSC, Gift City, Gujarat. The company was
incorporated on 17th May 2023 as a finance company, housing Global/Regional Corporate Treasury Centre (GRCTC) to perform various
treasury activities/services for IndianOil group companies. The activities include arranging long term loans, providing working capital
facility, trade financing, refinancing of existing loans, etc. to group companies. Having a non-resident status and various tax exemptions,
IGCMIL has various advantages in managing funds. IGCMIL is playing a pivotal role in exploring synergies in financing needs of various
group companies of IndianOil by pooling surplus funds of entities and lending IT to other group entities, which have resulted in substantial
savings for these group entities.
The value of RPT s which IGCMIL proposes to undertake with RP s of IndianOil, to which IndianOil is not a party, during 2025-26 and
2026-27 as mentioned in Item No. 20 & 21, is expected to be material i.e. exceeding ₹1,000 Crore; therefore, members approval for
the material RPT s is being sought. The proposed material RPT s for extending loan facility to group companies shall be undertaken
by IGCMIL during 2025-26 depending on the timing of the fund requirement of the group company(ies) and related approvals. In case
the proposed RPT does not materialize during 2025-26, then the same may be extended in the next financial year i.e. during 2026-
27. Accordingly, the name of some of the RP is appearing in 2025-26 as well as 2026-27. The Audit Committee and the Board of the
Company have reviewed the material RPT s and recommended seeking members approval for the same.
Item No. 19
Material RPT s with Lubrizol India Pvt. Ltd.
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Item No. 20
Summary of RPT s of IGCMIL with RP s of IndianOil during 2025-26 which are likely to exceed
J1,000 Crore
Sr.
Particulars
Indian Oil Adani
Gas Pvt. Ltd.
(IOAGPL)
IndianOil NTPC
Green Energy
Pvt. Ltd.
(INGEPL)
IndianOil Adani
Ventures Ltd.
(IAVL)
Hindustan
Urvarak &
Rasayan
Limited (HURL)
Falcon Oil & Gas
B.V. (FOGBV)
Nature of Relationship
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndOil Global
B.V., Netherlands, a
WoS of IndianOil
Type of RPT s
Transactions would be on terms and conditions that are generally prevalent in the industry.
Expected value of RPT for 2025-26
(₹in Crore)
2,000
4,000
Tenure of the RPT
Details of the source of funds in
connection with the proposed
IGCMIL will Borrow from Banks/Group Companies and use its internal accruals.
Where any financial indebtedness
will be incurred to make or give loans,
intercorporate deposits, advances or
investments:
nature of indebtedness
ECB Term Loan
ECB Term Loan
ECB Term Loan
ECB Term Loan
Term Loan
cost of funds; and
8%-9.50%
8%-9%
7%-8%
4.5%-6%
tenure
Max Upto
15 yrs
Max Upto 10 yrs
Applicable terms, including
covenants, tenure, interest rate
and repayment schedule, whether
secured or unsecured; if secured, the
nature of security
- Tenure - Max
- Interest -
Floating Rate
- Unsecured
- Structured
Repayment
Schedule
- Tenure - Max
- Interest -
Floating Rate
- Unsecured
- Structured
Repayment
Schedule
- Tenure - Max
- Interest -
Floating Rate
- Unsecured
- Structured
Repayment
Schedule
- Tenure - Max
- Interest -
Floating Rate
- Unsecured
- Structured
Repayment
Schedule
- Tenure - Max upto
10 years
- Interest - Floating
Rate
- Unsecured/
Corporate
Guarantee of Parent
- Structured
Repayment
Schedule
The purpose for which the funds will
be utilised by the ultimate beneficiary
of such fund pursuant to the RPT
The funds would be utilized in furtherance of the business interest.
IGCMIL is playing a pivotal role in exploring synergies in financing needs of various group
companies of IndianOil by pooling surplus funds of entities and lending IT to other group entities,
which have resulted in substantial savings for these group entities.
Value of RPT as % of IndianOil s
consolidated turnover of ₹8,59,363
Crore for the year 2024-25
0.23%
0.47%
Maximum value of RPT during
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
IOAGPL
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
INGEPL
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
IAVL.
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
HURL
turnover of IndianOil
in the preceding
financial year for all
RPTs of IGCMIL with
FOGBV.
AGM Notice

Item No. 21
Summary of RPT s of IGCMIL with RP s of IndianOil during 2026-27 which are likely to exceed
J1,000 Crore
Particulars
Hindustan
Urvarak &
Rasayan Ltd.
(HURL)
Indian Oil
Adani Gas Pvt.
Ltd. (IOAGPL)
(IHB)
IndianOil
NTPC Green
Energy Pvt.
Ltd. (INGEPL)
IndianOil
Adani
Ventures Ltd.
(IAVL)
Taas India Pte.
Ltd.
(TIPL)
Vankor India
Pte. Ltd.
(VIPL)
Nature of
Relationship
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IndianOil
JVC of IOCL
Singapore Pte.
Ltd., a WOS of
IndianOil
JVC of IOCL
Singapore Pte.
Ltd., a WOS of
IndianOil
Type of RPT s
Providing loan facility to IGCMIL
Material terms
and conditions
Transactions would be on terms and conditions that are generally prevalent in the industry.
Expected value of
RPT for 2026-27
(₹in Crore)
2,000
3,000
2,000
5,000
Tenure of the RPT
Details of the
source of funds
in connection
with the proposed
transaction
IGCMIL will borrow from Banks/Group Companies and use its internal accruals
NA
NA
Where any
indebtedness
will be incurred
to make or
give loans,
intercorporate
deposits,
advances or
investment

nature of
indebtedness
Buyers' Credit
Facility
ECB Term Loan
ECB Term Loan
ECB Term Loan
ECB Term Loan
NA
NA
cost of funds and
5%-6%
8%-9.50%
8%-9%
NA
NA
Tenure
Max Upto 1 year
Max Upto 15
Max Upto 15
Max Upto 15
Max Upto 15
NA
NA
applicable
terms, including
covenants, tenure,
interest rate
and repayment
schedule,
whether secured
or unsecured;
if secured, the
nature of security
Tenure - Upto 1
year, in multiple
tranches
Interest: Floating
Rate
Unsecured
Repayment on
Maturity
Tenure - Max
Interest -
Floating Rate
Unsecured
Structured
Repayment
Schedule
Tenure - Max
Interest -
Floating Rate
Unsecured
Structured
Repayment
Schedule
Tenure - Max
Interest -
Floating Rate
Unsecured
Structured
Repayment
Schedule
Tenure - Max
Interest -
Floating Rate
Unsecured
Structured
Repayment
Schedule
Tenure - Max
upto 2 years
Interest -
Floating Rate
Unsecured
Tenure - Max
upto 2 years
Interest -
Floating Rate
Unsecured
the purpose for
which the funds
will be utilised
by the ultimate
beneficiary
of such fund
pursuant to the
RPT
The funds would be utilized in furtherance of the business interest.
Justification for
RPT with the RP
IGCMIL is playing a pivotal role in exploring synergies in financing needs of various group companies of IndianOil by pooling surplus
funds of entities and lending IT to other group entities, which have resulted in substantial savings for these group entities.
Value of RPT as
% of IndianOil s
₹8,59,363 Crore
for the year
0.23%
0.35%
0.23%
0.58%
Maximum value
of RPT during
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
HURL
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
IOAGPL
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with IHB
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
INGEPL
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
IAVL
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
TIPL.
IndianOil in
IGCMIL with
VIPL
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel /their relative of IGCMIL as well as IndianOil is in any way interested or concerned in
the resolutions mentioned at item nos. 20 & 21 except as given below:

N
Shri Anuj Jain, Director (Finance) of IndianOil, who is Non-Executive Chairman on the Board of IGCMIL.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolutions as set out in the Notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 22
To ratify the remuneration of the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending March 31, 2026.
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved the appointment of following Cost Auditors at an aggregate
remuneration of ₹24.50 Lakh plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses to conduct the audit of the cost records of the various
units of the Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2026:
Name of the Cost Auditor
Audit Fees (J)
1.
Balwinder & Associates, New Delhi
5,40,000/-
2.
DGM & Associates, Kolkata
3,20,000/-
3.
KG Goyal & Associates, New Delhi
4,20,000/-
4.
R. J. Goel & Co., New Delhi
3,50,000/-
5.
Diwanji & Co., Vadodara
1,40,000/-
6.
S .S. Sonthalia & Co., Bhubaneswar
1,70,000/-
7.
Mani & Co., Kolkata
2,70,000/-
8.
Vivekanandan Unni & Associates, Chennai
2,40,000/-
Total
24,50,000/-
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration
payable to the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the members of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the members is sought by passing an Ordinary Resolution for ratification of the remuneration payable to the
Cost Auditors for the financial year ending March 31, 2026, as approved by the Board.
None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and or their relatives are, in any way, interested or concerned in
the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in the Notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 23
To issue Corporate Guarantee upto J481 Crore for banking facilities on behalf of Indofast Swap Energy
Private Limited, a Joint Venture Company of IndianOil.
IndianOil and Sun Mobility Pte. Ltd., Singapore (SMS) have formed a 50:50 Joint Venture Company named Indofast Swap Energy Private
Limited (ISEPL) on 15.07.2024 for carrying out battery swapping business in India.
As of March 31, 2025, ISEPL has significantly expanded its network of Quick Interchange Stations (QIS) and onboarded a substantial
number of vehicles on its platform. The Board has approved the business plan for 2025-26, which includes further expansion of battery
swapping infrastructure and deployment of battery packs, for which capex funding will be required. The company aims to considerably
scale up both its vehicle onboarding and infrastructure deployment in the coming year.
To meet its Capex requirement, in addition to the option of equity infusion from the promoters, ISEPL is also engaging with multiple
banks and financial institutions to secure the required debt funding. As ISEPL is in the initial growth phase of its operations in India
without any proven financial performance, the options for project financing are limited. The banks have indicated that they would require
a firm commitment from promoters, in the form of a Corporate Guarantee (CG).
The Board of ISEPL has accorded approval for seeking CG for H962 Crore from IndianOil and SMS in the ratio of 50:50 (i.e. CG for
H481 Crore by IndianOil), to secure the funds to be borrowed from one or more banks, alongwith payment of CG fees as per the policy
of respective promoters.
AGM Notice

As per provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules thereunder, if a Director on IndianOil Board is also a Director on
Board of ISEPL, which is a Private Limited Company, then IndianOil can provide loans or issue CGs in favour of banks on behalf of ISEPL
only upon approval by the Members of IndianOil through a Special Resolution passed at a General Meeting. Considering the anticipated
growth in activities of ISEPL and rapidly changing scenario of EV charging business, a Functional Director of IndianOil may be nominated
on the Board of ISEPL.
Accordingly, as required under section 185 of the Companies Act 2013, approval of Members is sought through Special Resolution to
provide CGs in future in favour of banks on behalf of ISEPL upto a limit of H481 Crore.
None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is, in anyway, interested or concerned in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in the Notice for approval by the members.
SPECIAL WINDOW FOR RE-LODGEMENT OF TRANSFER REQUESTS OF PHYSICAL SHARES
Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated July 02, 2025, Members who had lodged their transfer deeds of physical shares prior to
April 01, 2019 which were rejected/returned/ not attended due to deficiency in the documents/process or otherwise are granted
one more opportunity for re-lodgment of transfer requests till January 06, 2026. The transfer deed alongwith other documents
may be sent at the following address:
Unit: Indian Oil Corporation Limited,
Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally,
Hyderabad - 500 032
Telangana
Registered Office
G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Date: August 6, 2025

By Order of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

(Kamal Kumar Gwalani)

Company Secretary

(ACS: 13737)
SPRINT ahead | Strengthening the Core, Powering Energy Transition
IndianOil | Integrated Annual Report 2024-25

Notes

Notes

ENERGY
BRANDS

Registered Office: IndianOil Bhavan, G-9, Ali Yavar Jung Marg,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051, Maharashtra
/IndianOilCorpLimited
/indianOilcl
/indianoilcorp
/IndianOilCorporationLimited
/indian-oil-corp-limited