Contents
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Board of Directors and Committees
Your Directors
Report on Corporate Governance
(including Shareholder Information)
Report of the Board of Directors &
Management Discussion and Analysis
CEO and CFO Compliance Certificate
Standalone Financial Statements
Balance Sheet
Statement of Profit and Loss
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Financial Statements
Independent Auditor s Report
Guide to Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures & Associates
Salient Features of the Financial Statements of Subsidiaries,
Joint Ventures & Associates (Form AOC-1)
Consolidated Financial Statements
Ten Years at a Glance
Financial Highlights
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Creating Enduring Institutions
Awards & Accolades
Contents are hyper-linked to the relevant pages of the report
Click 'ITC Limited' on the Header/Footer of each page to return
to Contents Page

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise
for a Viksit Bharat
ITC has always lived by its vision of creating larger value for all stakeholders while contributing meaningfully to national
priorities. Guided by its credo Nation First: Sab Saath Badhein, the Company has built world-class Indian brands,
strengthened domestic value chains, invested in advanced manufacturing, deepened farmer partnerships, and accelerated
digital, AI-led and R&D-driven innovation. As India advances towards a Viksit Bharat, ITC continues to shape a future-ready
enterprise anchored in competitiveness, sustainability, and inclusive growth. Its large-scale initiatives to conserve and
replenish natural resources, together with impactful climate action and social programmes, are helping build a more resilient,
inclusive, and future-ready India. Reinforcing this commitment, the Company has redefined its Mission, Vision and Values to
inspire greater purpose-led action and an even deeper contribution to national progress.
To be India s most trusted
enterprise, creating
unparalleled customer
experiences through
world-class brands and
businesses that champion
sustainable and inclusive
value chains.
Our brands, products and
solutions will lead with
industry-shaping innovations,
deliver best-in-class
performance, powering ITC to
make a transformative
contribution to the nation s
progress.
Led by Trusteeship
and Nation
Orientation, ITC is
guided by a set of
Core Values in all
its endeavours.
Scan the QR Code
to learn more.
ITC has been Carbon Positive for 21 years, Water Positive for 24 years,
and Solid Waste Recycling Positive for 19 years
ITC's businesses and value chains support 90 lakh sustainable livelihoods
MISSION
VISION
VALUES
ITC s Triple Bottom Line Contribution - Highlights
Economic
Environmental
Gross Revenue -
₹ 80,867 cr
EBITDA - ₹ 25,208 cr
Among Top 3
private sector
contributors
to the Exchequer
12. Future-ready
Businesses
30+ World-class
Mother Brands
250+ Factories
51% of Energy consumed by ITC
is from Renewable Sources
17. Platinum Rated Green Buildings
Plastic Neutral for 5 years
Watershed Development
200+ Partnership ecosystem,
including PPPs
Over 12 lakh farmers
covered under Climate Smart
Agriculture
Over 23 lakh Children
benefitted through Support
to Education initiatives
Over 17 lakh covered by
Maternal & Child Health and
Nutrition programmes
Nearly 20 lakh Rural
Healthcare engagements
Social
Afforestation: Over 14 lakh acres
Augmenting supply
38,500+ watershed structures
Optimising demand
Covering over 20 lakh acres
Interventions at scale:
Rejuvenating 5 major river sub-basins

ITC Group
Spanning Agriculture, Manufacturing & Services
Reaching 28 crore households
FMCG
Aspiration to be India's No. 1 FMCG company
Largest incubator of world-class Indian brands
Over ₹ 37,000 cr consumer spends
Century-old relationship with Indian farmers
Nearly 40 lakh tonnes sourced from 20+ value chains
Powering NextGen Agriculture through ITCMAARS
Building resilience with Climate Smart Agriculture
Strengthening value-added Agri portfolio with
best-in-class manufacturing assets
Market leader in high quality value-added Paperboards
Largest integrated paper plant at Bhadrachalam
Exemplar in sustainability: greened over 14 lakh acres,
supporting 22 crore person days of employment
A leading player in the global Packaging ecosystem
Agri Business
Paperboards and Packaging
Leverages ITC's enterprise strengths
in foods, hotels and digital
4 brands, 70+ kitchens, 5 cities
High consumer love across brands
and cities
Fresh Food Business
Global technology solutions provider
Deep domain knowledge and
co-creating solutions for the future
with tech majors
Presence in over 35 countries
ITC Infotech
Iconic properties and globally
acknowledged cuisines
150+ Hotels, 14,200+ Keys,
95+ Destinations
Trailblazer in 'Responsible Luxury'
& Sustainability

ITC Next Strategy
ITC s FMCG Portfolio Strategy
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
The ITC Next strategy is shaping new frontiers of growth by creating future-ready pathways for each business to
strengthen competitiveness, profitability, and resilience. Despite the challenging environment, IT continues to unlock
new growth vectors through enterprise synergies, digital acceleration, purposeful innovation, and strategic
investments, while advancing ITC s commitment to a climate-resilient and inclusive future. Enterprise levers
strengthened by digital and sustainability are lending unique sources of competitiveness for future readiness.
The following pages capture the key dimensions of this transformative strategy and its promise for the future.
ITC s strategy to rapidly scale up its
Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG)
Businesses is anchored in Strengthening
the Core , extending trusted Mother Brands
into Value-added Adjacencies , developing
Portfolios for the Future , and nurturing
New Vectors of Growth , including
Value-accretive Mergers & Acquisitions.
Existing Categories and New Vectors
Agile, Purposeful, Science-based Platforms
Agile, Resilient, Efficient
Digital-first Culture, Smart Ecosystem,
Mainstreaming AI
Responsible Competitiveness,
Bolder Ambition
Structural Interventions across
Value Chains
Future Tech
Consumer Centric
Climate Positive
Inclusive
Brand Building
Agri Sourcing
R&D
Cuisine
Distribution
Packaging
Manufacturing
Multiple Drivers of Growth
Pillars of ITC Next Strategy
World-class Talent | Proneurial Spirit | High Performance Culture
FMCG Power Brands
Innovation and R&D
Supply Chain
Digital
Sustainability 2.0
Cost Agility and Productivity
Synergy of Enterprise Strengths

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
FMCG: Core & Adjacencies
ITC s robust bouquet of over 30 World-class Indian Brands spans every corner of the household, touching millions of lives and
delighting diverse consumer segments, capturing and retaining value in India and powering resilient and inclusive value
chains across urban and rural ecosystems. While this Core is being strengthened, ITC continues to scale-up its Value-added
Adjacencies by leveraging the equity of its trusted Mother Brands to expand consumption occasions. Select examples:
Foods
Atta, besan, rava, vermicelli, soya chunks, spices, dairy, salt, etc.
Biscuits, cookies, cakes, choco-pies, molten chocolate fillings, dual-fillings, fruit-based smoothies
and chocolate milkshakes
Noodles, pastas, healthy options made with atta
and suji, unique masala mixes and Asian flavours, including Korean and Thai
Chips, bridges, namkeens, nacho-style chips, puffed and popped snacks, etc.
Staple kitchen spices and unique masala blends

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
FMCG: Core & Adjacencies
Personal Care
Education & Stationery
Matches & Agarbattis
Indulgent personal wash brand
with gel bars, shower gels, hand washes, etc.
Range of soaps and body washes
promising skin softness
Unique and exciting fragrances delivered through deo sprays, perfumes and roll-ons
Premium stationery brand for adults
with notebooks, pens and folders
Notebooks, including spiral notebooks, pens and
geometry boxes
Incense sticks range including agarbattis, dhoop sticks
and cones, sambrani, camphor, etc., promising
low-smoke, charcoal-free, perfume-like fragrances
Ranges of safety matches
Skin-friendly protection delivered through hand wash,
soap, antiseptic liquid, wet wipes, sanitiser, disinfectant liquids
and a new medical grade range
Natural-action floor cleaners
safe for children and pets

Portfolios Developed for the Future
ITC is investing in creating Portfolios for the Future and making strategic Value-accretive Acquisitions to serve emerging
trends, drive premiumisation and address white spaces, thus delighting consumers and creating more value for
stakeholders. These products address evolving consumer needs such as Health & Nutrition, Convenience, Naturals, Organic,
and so on. Select examples:
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Health & Nutrition
Enhancing protein component in Indian diets through protein-rich staples, cereals, plant-based proteins,
dairy products, ready-to-eat foods and breakfast smoothies
Products supporting digestive health
Products supporting other health requirements
Specially designed brand 'Right Shift' with nutrition-dense products for 40+ age cohort
Organic offerings sourced responsibly, delivering nutrition, and traceability aligned with evolving consumer preferences

Portfolios Developed for the Future
Solving the time crunch problem for consumers with ready-to-cook and heat-and-eat foods
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Developing spice mixes catering to regional flavours
Allowing consumers to create their own atta blends (Namma Chakki/Meri Chakki), ensuring provenance
of staples and specifications for local tastes
Convenience
Customisation & Regional Flavours
Kitchen cleaner and Vegetable & fruit wash: Range of
eco-friendly and biodegradable liquids made with food-grade
ingredients which are effective and safe for home usage
Homecare
Chocolates, molten chocolates, eclairs, wafers -
quality chocolates at great value
Accessible Chocolate Indulgence

Portfolios Developed for the Future
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Kitchen-style traditional snacks from South India
Hand-crafted by master chocolatiers
using the world's finest cocoa for a luxury experience
Coffee Capsules with Arabica flavours from
Panama and Nicaragua blended with Indian beans
Sugar-free luxury mints
in two bold flavours, available in mini tins
Premiumisation
Driven by consumer aspirations, ITC has been scaling up its range of premium offerings
Fresh bakery-style cookies with no palm oil or preservatives

Portfolios Developed for the Future
Premiumisation
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Face and body washes powered by
scientific research
Dermatologist-tested and
science-backed
skincare solutions designed
for Indian skin
Premium range of soaps, body scrubs, and body washes made with
Japanese Hokkaido Milk promising luxurious creaminess
Earth-inspired aromatherapy by Pranah
offers premium candles, incense and dhoop for meditation, yoga, focus, and restful sleep
First in-class Premium Geometry Boxes with
unique two-tiered design and pocketable compass
Reimagining school notebooks
with an innovative lay-flat technology
Eau De Parfum with innovations
featuring Brazilian Maracuja

Portfolios Developed for the Future
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Recent Acquisitions
ITC is growing its brands portfolio by augmenting capabilities through acquisitions to service evolving consumer needs and
address white spaces.
The range comprises certified organic
products grown without synthetic
pesticides or chemicals, while promoting
sustainable farming and offering a
diverse organic portfolio across Indian
and global markets
Enabling ITC to build a category of
the future in the premium natural baby
care space, powered by traditional Indian
ingredients and innovative solutions
Enhancing ITC's market presence in the protein and good-for-you snacking space
The No. 1 frozen snacks and meats brand in India with a commitment to quality

Purpose-led Brands
Recognising the transformative power of brands, ITC has developed purpose-led brands that encourage positive
change in society.
Mom s Magic - Dear Maa campaign
to encourage adoption in India
Sunfeast Bounce of Joy -
School Contact Programme - to promote sports
among schoolchildren
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Aashirvaad Smart India -
an initiative to
fight iodine deficiency
Mangaldeep Sixth Sense -
an initiative that employs
visually impaired individuals
as specialised
fragrance testers
YiPPee! Acti-Learn -
to promote awareness about plastic waste
management among schoolchildren
ITC Sunrise Swasthya Bengal Programme -
a campaign against spice adulteration
Savlon Swasth India Mission -
The Doc's Pod podcast to highlight the
significance of preventive hygiene and
disinfection in an evolving environment
Paperkraft -
promoting responsible consumption through notebooks
made with FSC certified paper (FSC -C064218)
Nimyle Clean Equal Mission -
fostering gender equality in household chores

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
New Vector: Fresh Food Business
ITC is pursuing new growth drivers at the intersection of mega trends in digital and sustainability, leveraging its
institutional strengths. ITC's Fresh Food Business combines the conglomerate s strengths in food brands, cuisine
expertise of ITC Hotels, food sciences, and manufacturing, as well as digital capabilities. Operating under 4 exciting
brands - ITC Master Chef Creations, ITC Aashirvaad Soul Creations, ITC Sunfeast Baked Creations, and Sansho
by ITC Master Chef - ITC's Fresh Food Business offerings are delivered through 70+ cloud kitchens in 5 cities
currently - Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai, and Pune. The brands have already received high consumer
love across cities.
Premium North Indian
Premium Pan Asian
Pure Veg Home-style Indian
Premium Bakes, Cakes & Desserts

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Creating Make in India Assets
Smart Omnichannel Distribution Network
ITC has invested in building world-class national manufacturing assets across FMCG, Paperboards, Packaging, and
export-oriented value-added Agri products. Its ecosystem of over 250 factories and partnerships with more than 7,500 MSMEs
enables ITC to produce high-quality products, boost exports, substitute imports, promote local entrepreneurship, and support
inclusive value chains that empower farmers and communities. In the true spirit of Make in India , nearly 90% of ITC s value
addition takes place within the country. Recognising the growth opportunities in the Indian consumer market, ITC has made
substantial investments in establishing 12 state-of-the-art Integrated Consumer Goods Manufacturing and Logistics (ICML)
facilities, including food factories, across India. These facilities, which are today proximally located to major demand centres,
have emerged as vibrant hubs of innovation, technology, sustainability, and diversity.
One of ITC's core strengths lies in its robust and extensive distribution infrastructure spanning the length and breadth of
India. IT is today fully digitally enabled, agile, and quick to adapt, making ITC a leading player in Channels of the Future,
suitably bolstered by a suite of 25+ AI/ML-powered apps and tools.
250+ factories including
12 state-of-the-art ICML
90% of ITC s value addition
sourced locally, supporting
inclusive value chains
Vibrant hubs of innovation,
technology, sustainability,
and diversity
Trade, Marketing & Distribution
We strive to be wherever our consumers are
2,500 SKUs | 50 Warehouses | 2.8 lakh tonnes/month | Total reach - Nearly 70 lakh Outlets
Indicative image, generated using AI
AI-enabled sales execution using 25+
proprietary apps analysing 12,000+ variables
General Trade
E-Commerce
Institutional
D2C
Direct to Consumer
Cash
& Carry
Modern Trade
Quick Commerce
ICML Panchla, West Bengal

Spices
Strengthening the Core
ITC's robust Agri Business has been ensuring identity preserved crops across crop value chains, and sourcing for
ITC FMCG brands and other customers (B2B). Focus crops include Wheat, Potato, Spices, Aqua Culture, and Leaf Tobacco.
ITC s Agri Business has built a century-old relationship of trust with farmers of India. The ITC Next strategy aims at helping
farmers develop value-added agri products, accelerate digital adoption, build climate resilience, and facilitate market
linkages. ITC's transformative phygital ecosystem - ITCMAARS - is powering next-generation agriculture and aspires to
benefit 1 crore farmers by 2030. New vectors of growth are also being pursued in areas like nicotine extracts and
derivatives and biological extracts, among others.
Providing high-quality raw
materials for ITC FMCG brands
ITC is developing adjacencies in the Agri Business through value additions, like ensuring traceability and certifications,
implementing organic processes, training farmers in sustainable practices, and enabling export-led value additions.
Focus crops include Certified Shrimp and Coffee, Organic Fruit Pulp, and Food-safe Spices.
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Agri Business
Developing Adjacencies
Wheat
Potato
Aqua Culture
Leaf Tobacco
Certified crops like coffee
Food-safe spices like chilli, cumin, turmeric, etc.
Organic fruit pulp like mango
Sustainable crops like paddy

Agri Business: Expanding to New Horizons
To create future-forward categories, ITC s Agri Business is going beyond commodities to create higher value-addition crops
with attribute-based backward integration as well as proprietary formulation-based products.
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Nicotine & Nicotine Derivatives
Largest integrated manufacturing facility in India
for nicotine and nicotine derivative products in Mysuru
Stringent quality specifications - 99.5% purity
US/EU pharmacopoeia standards
Farming as a Service
Potato seed: Manpura Facility is spread across 10 acres with annual
production capacity of 4 crore TECHNITUBER
ITC is aligning crop production with end-use demand in its endeavour
to promote Farming as a Service (FaaS). Through precision farming
guidance, digital advisories, and assured market linkages,
ITC enables farmers to produce specialised crops, transforming
agriculture into a demand-driven, service-led model. Examples include:
Maize: Growing high-starch maize for ethanol manufacturing
Paddy: EU food quality-compliant fine grade rice for
export customers
Fruits & Vegetables: Production of tomato with optimum
ripening and shelf life for quick commerce platforms
Climate Resilient Seeds
ITC is strengthening climate-resilient seed systems
through R&D and partnerships, developing
Wheat seeds
Tomato
Maize crop
Paddy crop
region-specific, high-yielding, and
stress-tolerant varieties such as
wheat seeds and Technico s
TECHNITUBER potatoes.
High-quality extracts from Ashwagandha and
Turmeric for nutraceutical and cosmetics industry
Developing high value-added proprietary formulations
Turmeric and
Ashwagandha extracts
100-acre farm for medicinal and
aromatic plants in Madhya Pradesh
Biological Extracts

Ushering in NextGen Agriculture
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
New Vector - ITCMAARS
ITCMAARS (Metamarket for Advanced Agriculture and Rural Services) is a phygital agri ecosystem that integrates digital
tech with on-ground engagement, with Farmer Producer Organisations (FPOs) as the pivot to enable farmer
empowerment. Building on the e-Choupal ecosystem, ITCMAARS provides hyper-local solutions, including personalised
advisories, weather insights, input access, credit, and market linkages. By enabling data-led decision-making and
demand-responsive value chains, ITCMAARS helps enhance productivity, resilience, and farmer incomes at scale.
Physical Ecosystem
Farmer Engagement - Nurturing FPOs
as rural enterprises by aggregating
farmers into collectives
ITC Field Teams - Offering hyper-local training
and information on crop management
Demonstration Plots - Showcasing package of
successful agri practices resulting in higher yields
Agri Inputs - Providing scientifically curated kits
customised for local conditions, including pest
management and soil health
Engagement Centres - Connecting farmers with
ITC agri experts for personalised crop solutions
Digital Adoption
Krishi Mitra - Gen-AI powered chatbot
for hyper-personalised advisory in voice
and regional languages
Agri Inputs - High-quality inputs, including seeds,
nutrients, pest control, etc.
Credit Enablement - Working capital for FPOs
and Agri credit for farmers
Market Access- E-marketplace for farm outputs
Advisory - With services like Crop
Calendar, Crop Doctor, weather
updates, etc. in the ITCMAARS app,
supported by crop and soil-specific
Nutrition/Fertiliser Calculator
Onboarding 4,000 FPOs
and reaching
1 crore farmers by 2030
TARGET
IMPACT
Initial estimates indicate
increase in crop yields by
15-20%, increasing net
returns to farmers by 25-30%

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Paperboards & Packaging
ITC s Paperboards and Packaging Business is one of India s largest, anchored in cutting-edge manufacturing, digital
technologies, robust R&D, sustainable fibre value chain and strong environmental stewardship. The business drives
innovation in value-added paperboards, specialty papers and sustainable materials, whilst pioneering advances in
recyclable and fibre-based alternatives as well as in digital and AI-led interventions like Industry 4.0 and digital twins.
ITC's factory in Bhadrachalam is India's largest integrated paper plant
ITC's sustainable fibre value chain has cumulatively greened over 14 lakh acres, leading to large-scale carbon sequestration
and livelihood creation at scale
Market leader and environmental icon
Strengthening the Core
Mono-material Paperboards,
Brown folding cartons and
Digital print-ready boards
Specialty papers like Décor Papers, food-grade wrapping paper
and Superfine paper for printing books and publications
Cartons & Flexibles Packaging

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Emerging Applications in Paperboards & Packaging
Moulded Fibre Products
New Offerings
Building Adjacencies - Sustainable Solutions
Filo series - FiloBev, FiloPack, FiloBowl & FiloTub
Barrier-coated Boards and Paper for creating compostable
and fully recyclable food-grade packaging solutions
Bioseal Compostable Coating,
compostable barrier
solutions, and Germ-free
Anti-microbial Coating, which
support hygiene-sensitive
applications, have been
developed by ITC s Packaging
Business as sustainable
alternatives to plastic
Sign-up Green, sustainable
rigid boards that serve as
alternatives to plastic-based
indoor branding
ITC Fibre Innovations Limited, ITC s wholly
owned subsidiary, has forayed into the
Moulded Fibre Products (MFP) space with
a state-of-the-art manufacturing
facility in Madhya Pradesh. The products
are made from natural fibres like wood,
bamboo, and bagasse, making them a
100% recyclable alternative to single-use
plastics. They offer sustainable packaging
solutions across industries, including food
service and delivery, pharmaceutical,
cosmetics and electronics.
Value-accretive Acquisition
ITC has signed a Business Transfer Agreement to acquire
the Pulp and Paper undertaking of Aditya Birla Real Estate Limited,
a strong strategic fit with ITC's Paperboards and Paper business
Ecobyte: A germ-free and grease-resistant product
offering a safe and interactive packaging choice for
all culinary creations
FiloBev Mini: Designed to replace single-use
plastic and LDPE-coated cups (45 ML-90 ML)
for serving beverages

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Innovation and R&D
Spanning Product Development, Agri Business, Processes & Services
The ITC Next strategy drives innovation across Product Development, Agri Business, Processes and Services. ITC has set up
the ITC Life Sciences & Technology Centre (LSTC) to be its epicentre in R&D. ITC LSTC houses Centres of Excellence in
Biosciences, Agri-sciences and Materials, and robust research platforms for Beauty & Hygiene, Health & Wellness,
Agro-forestry & Crop Sciences and Sustainable Packaging Materials. This integrated approach enables differentiated
offerings, enhanced crop resilience and sustainable solutions aligned with evolving consumer and environmental priorities.
Dermafique: Science-backed
skincare designed for
Indian skin
Engage: Innovations featuring
Brazilian Maracuja and Roll Ons
Fiama: Personal wash range
with Japanese Hokkaido Milk -
for non-sticky moisturised skin
Right Shift: Jaggery cookies
made with zero palm oil
and no maida
A new dwarf wheat variety
developed in partnership
with the Indian Agricultural
Research Institute,
providing superior
Sharbati taste and quality,
while increasing farmer
Development of High
Yielding Eucalyptus
varieties providing higher
yield and improved farmer
Developing superior
quality chip
potatoes suitable
for growing in
Southern regions
closer to factories
Development of
new high-yielding
Subabul varieties,
with better
plantation success
Subabul
Eucalyptus
Improved and climate-
resilient crop varieties
TECHNITUBER
Aashirvaad Besan: Specially
prepared formula that locks in aroma
and ensures lump-free besan mix
Mangaldeep: "Lo Smoke
Technology" that releases lesser
smoke with a better fragrance
400+ scientists
900+ patents
55 labs
16 pilot plants for
product development
Creating superior and differentiated products for the consumer
ITC LSTC: Recognised as India's Largest Private Sector Innovator
Science-based innovations in Agri
Innovations in Packaging
Compostable, repulpable,
proprietary coating
formulations providing
a sustainable alternative
to plastic packaging
Ecobyte

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Digital and
FutureTech
In its journey to build a dynamic AI/ML-led digital
ecosystem, ITC is powered by Mission DigiArc , a smart
digital architecture anchored in a digital first culture.
ITC s vision is to embed next-generation digital
capabilities across value chains, enabling data-driven
insights, agile innovation, optimised operations, smart
supply chains, and enhanced consumer and employee
engagement for sustained competitive advantage.
Smart Insighting to
Product Development
Smart Consumer
Engagement
Smart Sourcing
Smart Agri
Smart Distribution & Supply Chain
ITC s Trade Marketing and Distribution engine is now
a data-driven, omnichannel ecosystem, powered by a suite
of 25+ digital applications - Unnati, PACE, Lighthouse, Vistaar,
Vajra, etc. - that deliver AI/ML-led insights, sharper outlet
targeting, real-time execution and seamless retailer
engagement at scale.
ITC s logistics has evolved into a smart, digitally orchestrated
network, with platforms like Zen enabling integrated
end-to-end planning and Drishti providing real-time,
IoT-enabled visibility of shipments.
Risk Assessment Modelling
ITC leverages AI-enabled climate
risk modelling tools to assess
potential risks across operations
and value chains, identifying
140 sites and prioritising adaptation
strategies.
AI/GenAI-powered
platforms like Sixth Sense
identify emerging
focus areas, thus
shortening product
development cycles and
ensuring quick-to-market
advantage.
Tools like Astra 2.0
leverage AI-powered
advanced analytics for
agri sourcing, helping
decide when to buy, where
to buy, and from whom to
buy, including price
prognosis and volume
recommendations.
To empower Indian
farmers with cutting-edge
agtech, the next horizon
for ITCMAARS is being
powered by IoT-based
advisory, remote sensing,
soil sensors and other
FutureTech solutions.
ITC is driving smart manufacturing
by leveraging Industry 4.0
technologies to enable product and
process optimisation across its
operations.
FoodiesOnly
Happy Tummy
Once Upon a Time
by Candyman
Aashirvaad Chakki
Bingo - Let's Boing!
Sunfeast -
Family-like Friends
Smart Manufacturing
Differentiated platforms
to strengthen brand building
Indicative image, generated using AI

Yrs
Carbon Positive
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Climate Risk Assessment
Climate Action Initiatives
ITC s climate action, anchored in its Sustainability 2.0 agenda, combines climate risk assessment, decarbonisation,
adaptation, ecosystem restoration and circularity. ITC has set a target of achieving Net Zero Operations by 2050, while
actively reducing GHG intensity and scaling green infrastructure, including renewable energy. Climate-smart agriculture,
social and farm forestry, and water stewardship programmes build climate resilience and adaptive capacity across
value chains.
ITC has used different purpose-specific AI tools for carrying out climate risk
assessments at 140 sites for rainfall, flood, heat, drought and wind, as well as
detailed farm-level studies on its agri value chains. Based on the assessments,
IT has undertaken targeted site-specific interventions to climate-proof its
physical infrastructure, build resilience in agriculture and support climate
adaptation. This has helped ITC integrate climate science, advanced technologies
and data-driven insights into its sustainability strategy.
Decarbonisation
Climate Adaptation
51% of total energy from renewable sources
17. Platinum Rated Green buildings
ITC is advancing decarbonisation through scaled adoption of renewable
energy, enhancing energy efficiency and enabling low-carbon
operations. Its portfolio of world-class green buildings and green
infrastructure reinforces climate resilience while accelerating the
transition to a net-zero future.
The High Pressure Recovery Boiler at Bhadrachalam
significantly enhances the paper plant's energy
efficiency and ITC's decarbonisation efforts
ITC s adaptation interventions focus on building resilience across agri value chains and climate-proofing physical
infrastructure. These include climate smart agriculture, augmenting water supply through integrated watershed
development, optimising demand and rejuvenating river sub-basins, as well as afforestation at scale.
Climate Smart Agriculture
Water Stewardship
Afforestation
Climate Smart Agriculture: Over 30 lakh acres; 12 lakh+ farmers
Water Stewardship: Over 38,500 water structures
Afforestation: Cumulatively covered over 14 lakh acres
Yrs
Water Positive
Yrs
Solid Waste
Recycling Positive

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Transforming Lives and Livelihoods
ITC s Social Investments Programme
districts
partners
200+
60. Lakh
women reached
Short-term impact horizon
Long-term impact horizon
Nurturing Natural Resource Ecosystems
Nurturing Human Capital
Strengthening Public &
Community Health Ecosystems
Water Stewardship -
Demand & Supply Side
Social Forestry
Biodiversity
Climate Smart
Agriculture
Skilling
Women-led
Micro Enterprises
Sanitation
Maternal, Child Health
& Nutrition
Waste Management/
Circular Economy
Women Empowerment
Support to Education
Soil Health
River Sub-basin
Rejuvenation
Rural Healthcare
Services - Swasth Kiran
Animal Husbandry

ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
ITC Infotech: Driving NextGen
Enterprise Transformation with
Domain-led AI and Digital Innovation
ITC Infotech, a wholly owned subsidiary of ITC Limited, is strengthening its position as a strategic
technology partner by advancing AI-led engineering capabilities and driving next-generation
enterprise transformation. The company is amongst the fastest-growing IT services firms in India,
with top quartile revenue growth in the last few years and industry-leading EBITDA margins at 18.5%.
The company has received one of the highest Customer Experience Scores in the Indian IT services
industry, marking a lifetime high.
Agentic re-imagination of legacy offerings: Application Management, Infrastructure,
SAP, Testing and Data Services
ITC Infotech strengthened its market positioning through industry and analyst recognitions
across Avasant, Forrester, ISG, and HFS, highlighting its growing leadership in digital
engineering, AI-led services, and enterprise transformation.
Winner of 16th Aegis Graham Bell Awards under the category Innovation in Gen AI-AI Infra,
Orchestration & Platforms.
Industry & Analyst Recognitions
Digital & AI Engineering Hubs launched in
Riyadh & Melbourne
Presence in over 35 countries
Expanding Global Footprint
Launch of Digital & AI Experience Centres & Labs in
Bengaluru & Kolkata
Launch of AI Studio in Pune
Scaling Strategic Capabilities
Emerging Value Pools
Agentification of business services: Ramp up of market-leading solutions across its focus
industries
Re-imagining Data for AI : AI-enabled data engineering, data generation and monetisation
Full-stack Agentic platforms

Trailblazer in 'Responsible Luxury' & Sustainability
ITC: Building a Future-Forward Enterprise for a Viksit Bharat
Signings
Hotels
Keys
95+
150+
14,200+
Destinations
hotels
in 24 months
hotels
in 24 months
Awarded
World s Leading Sustainable Organisation
at World Sustainable Travel & Hospitality Awards (WSTHA) 2025
World's First 12 LEED Zero Carbon Certified Hotels
Leading Hotel Chain globally with
12. LEED Zero Water Certified Hotels
23. LEED Platinum Certified Hotels
Openings
7 Distinct Hotel Brands: Iconic Luxury to Boutique Leisure
Food & Beverage Supremacy: Signature Cuisine Brands
ITC Gardenia is now a
LEED Zero Water Certified hotel
Storii by ITC Hotels Castle Kanota, Jaipur
Expanding Footprint: Select New Openings in 2025-26
Storii by ITC Hotels, Jawai
Target 2031
250 properties, 22,000+ keys
Welcomhotel by ITC Hotels,
Bodh Gaya Hotel & Convention Centre

Board of Directors
Chairman & Managing Director
Sanjiv Puri
Executive Directors
Sumant Bhargavan
Supratim Dutta
(also Chief Financial Officer)
Hemant Malik
Non-Executive Directors
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Executive Vice President & Company Secretary
Rajendra Kumar Singhi
General Counsel
Shanmuga Sundaram Angamuthu
Investor Service Centre
37. Jawaharlal Nehru Road, Kolkata 700 071, India
Telephone nos. : 1800-345-8152 (toll free)

033 2288 6426 / 0034
Facsimile no. : 033 2288 2358
e-mail : isc@itc.in
Statutory Auditors
S. R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants, Mumbai
Registered Office
Virginia House
37. Jawaharlal Nehru Road, Kolkata 700 071, India
Telephone no. : 033 2288 9371
CIN : L16005WB1910PLC001985
ITC Corporate Website : www.itcportal.com
Board Committees
Audit Committee
H. Bhargava
Chairman
A. M Bharucha
Member
C. K Mishra
Member
S. Mukherjee
Member
S. Dutta
Invitee
N. K Jasper
Invitee
(Head of Internal Audit)
Representative of
Invitee
the Statutory Auditors
R. K Singhi
Secretary
Navin Agarwal
Hemant Bhargava
Alka Marezban Bharucha
Amitabh Kant
Chandra Kishore Mishra
Siddhartha Mohanty
Shyamal Mukherjee
Anand Nayak
Sunil Panray
Ajit Kumar Seth
Atul Singh
Pushpa Subrahmanyam
CSR and Sustainability
Committee
S. Puri
Chairman
N. Agarwal
Member
A. Kant
Member
C. K Mishra
Member
S. Mohanty
Member
S. Mukherjee
Member
S. Panray
Member
A. Singh
Member
R. K Singhi
Secretary
Nomination &
Compensation Committee
A. Nayak
Chairman
S. Puri
Member
A. K Seth
Member
P. Subrahmanyam
Member
R. K Singhi
Secretary
Independent Directors
Committee
H. Bhargava
Member
A. M Bharucha
Member
A. Kant
Member
C. K Mishra
Member
S. Mukherjee
Member
A. Nayak
Member
A. K Seth
Member
P. Subrahmanyam
Member
Securityholders
Relationship Committee
A. K Seth
Chairman
S. Dutta
Member
B. Sumant
Member
R. K Singhi
Secretary
Corporate Management
Committee
S. Puri
Chairman
S. Dutta
Member
S. Kaul
Member
H. Malik
Member
A. K Rajput
Member
S. Sivakumar
Member
B. Sumant
Member
R. K Singhi
Secretary

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Directors
S. Puri
Sanjiv Puri (63), DIN: 00280529, is the Chairman &
Managing Director of ITC Limited.
Puri was appointed as a Wholetime Director on the
Board of ITC with effect from December 6, 2015,
Chief
Executive
Officer
February
re-designated as the Managing Director in May 2018.
He was appointed as the Chairman effective May 13, 2019.
He is an alumnus of IIT Kanpur and Wharton School
of Business, USA.
Puri joined ITC in January 1986. During his career of
over four decades at ITC and its subsidiaries, he has
held several leadership positions across businesses.
Puri served as the Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of ITC
between July 2016 and January 2017, and prior to that
as President - FMCG Businesses since December 2014.
Earlier, he was the Divisional Chief Executive of the
India Tobacco Division ( ITD ) since December 2009,
additional
responsibility
Company s
Trade Marketing & Distribution ( TM&D ) Vertical
from August 2012. He led ITC Infotech India Limited,
a wholly owned subsidiary of ITC, as its Managing Director
from May 2006 to August 2009. He served between
October 2001 and April 2006 as the Managing Director
of Surya Nepal Private Limited, a joint venture subsidiary
company of ITC in Nepal.
Spearheading the ITC Next vision, Puri has driven
an extensive strategy reset to shape new horizons of
growth and profitability. In the current global challenging
environment, which he has defined as TURN - Turbulence,
Uncertainty and Rapid Change calling for Novel strategies
to reimagine the future, Puri has led the organisation
pursue
future-forward
strategies
redefine
competitiveness and build resilience with sharper focus
on cutting edge innovation, digital acceleration and
new models of sustainable and inclusive growth.
He has also driven synergy in businesses to launch
new vectors of growth such as Fresh Food Business,
ITCMAARS - the phygital agri eco-system, and sustainable
packaging solutions. Lending new wings to ITC s credo
of Nation First: Sab Saath Badhein , he has articulated
an ambitious Sustainability 2.0 vision that addresses
key issues such as climate change, circular economy
and inclusive growth, enabling ITC to strengthen its
contribution to a net-zero future and meaningfully support
national priorities.
Presently, Puri is the Chairman of the Board of Governors
of IIT Gandhinagar, Chairperson-in-charge of the Board
of Governors of Indian Institute of Information Technology,
Vadodara, Chairman of the Advisory Council of the
CII-ITC Centre of Excellence for Sustainable Development
and Chairman of the CII International Council. He is also
a Director on the Board of US-India Strategic Partnership
Forum and a Member of the Governing Board of the
National Council of Applied Economic Research.
Puri is a Past President of CII, the apex business and
industry association in the country. He has served
as the Chairman of the Expert Group constituted by the
Fifteenth Finance Commission of the Government of
India ( GoI ) to promote agri-exports, Member of the
technology discussion group Farm to Table - driving India s
agriculture sector digitally constituted by NITI Aayog,
and Member of the BRICS Business Council - India Chapter.
He was also Chairman of the Action Council on ESG
in Business under the aegis of Business 20 India,
the official dialogue forum with the global business
community during India s G20 Presidency, as well as
Co-Chair of the Business Commission to Tackle
Inequality set up by the World Business Council for
Sustainable Development, Geneva.
Puri has been recognised amongst India s Top 100
Influential People powering Technology & Innovation
by MIT Sloan Management Review India. He was conferred
with the AIMA - JRD TATA Corporate Leadership
Award by AIMA, and Sir Jehangir Ghandy Medal for
Industrial and Social Peace by XLRI, Jamshedpur.
Earlier, he was honoured with the Business Leader
of the Year Award by AIMA, Best CEO Award by
Business Today, and Transformational Leader Award
2022-23 by the Asian Centre for Corporate Governance
and Sustainability. He was named by Fortune India as the
Best CEO in the FMCG category in 2025 and featured as
part of Best CEOs 2024 in the Diversified Conglomerate
category . He has also been presented with the

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
IMPACT Person of the Year 2020 Award by
exchange4media, a leading online news platform,
Distinguished Alumnus Award of the year 2018 by
IIT Kanpur, and bestowed with an Honorary Doctorate
by XIM University, Bhubaneswar.
Other Directorships
Position
ITC Hotels Limited #
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
ITC Infotech Limited, UK *
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
ITC Infotech (USA), Inc. *
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
Surya Nepal Private Limited *
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
Indian School of Business
Executive Board
Invest India
Non-Executive Director
Committee
Position
CSR and
Sustainability
Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
S. Dutta
Supratim Dutta (59), DIN: 01804345, was appointed
July 22, 2022. He is also the Chief Financial Officer ( CFO )
of the Company and is, inter alia, responsible for Finance,
Accounting, Internal Audit & IT Functions as well as for
the Investment Subsidiaries of the Company.
A qualified Chartered Accountant and Cost Accountant,
Dutta joined ITC in November 1990. In a career spanning
over 35 years at ITC, he has held senior positions in the
finance function, both at the business and corporate level.
Before becoming the CFO, he held the position of the
Corporate Financial Controller of the Company and prior to
that, he was Executive Vice President - Corporate Finance
in charge of the Corporate Treasury, Strategic Planning
and Corporate Planning Functions of the Company.
He has handled various aspects of finance including
Planning, Treasury, M&A, Accounting, Taxation, IT,
Investor Relations and business strategy. He has also
served as a Member of the World Business Council for
Sustainable Development s CFO Network.
Dutta is a Member of the CII National Committee
on Financial Reporting. He was honoured with the
Group CFO of the Year - Large Enterprise Award at the
Economic Times CFO Awards 2025.
Other Directorships
Position
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
ITC Integrated Business
Services Limited
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
ITC Hotels Limited #
Non-Executive Director
Non-Executive Director
ITC Infotech Limited, UK *
Non-Executive Director
ITC Infotech (USA), Inc. *
Non-Executive Director
Surya Nepal Private Limited *
Non-Executive Director
WelcomHotels Lanka (Private)
Limited *
Non-Executive Director
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Committee
Position
Audit Committee
Chairperson
CSR Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
ITC Infotech India
Audit Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
H. Malik
Hemant Malik (60), DIN: 06435812, was appointed
August 12, 2023. He is also the Divisional Chief Executive
of the Foods Business Division and oversees the
Personal Care Products Business of the Company.
After completing his B.A. (Hons.) in Economics
from Delhi University and M.B.A. from IIM Calcutta,
he joined ITC in June 1989 and has more than 36 years
of experience across multiple businesses of ITC including
Tobacco & Foods, and the TM&D Vertical.
Prior to becoming the Divisional Chief Executive of the
Foods Business Division in October 2016, Malik was the
Chief Executive of the TM&D Vertical from April 2016.
He headed the All India Tobacco Sales Function in 2001.
He later assumed charge as the Head of Marketing of the
then nascent Foods Business in April 2002, where he was
instrumental in the launch and development of some of the
key food brands of ITC including Aashirvaad , Sunfeast ,
Bingo! , YiPPee! and Kitchens of India . He was
thereafter entrusted with the responsibility for setting up
the FMCG TM&D Vertical and was made COO of the
TM&D Vertical in April 2008. He then took over as
the COO of Cigarette Brands and Supply Chain,
ITD, in August 2012, and was elevated as the
Divisional Chief Executive of ITD in August 2015.
Malik is the Chairman of the Food Processing Committee
of FICCI.
Other Directorships
Position
The Advertising Standards
Council of India
Board of Governors
B. Sumant
Sumant Bhargavan (62), DIN: 01732482, was appointed
November 16, 2018. He oversees the Paperboards,
Paper & Packaging Businesses, Education & Stationery
Products Business, the TM&D Vertical and the
Central Projects Organisation of the Company. Sumant,
an alumnus of NIT Durgapur, joined ITC in January 1986,
and has handled a wide range of responsibilities across
several businesses during his career of over four decades,
including overseeing the Personal Care Products Business
of the Company.
Prior to his appointment as a Director on the Board of ITC,
Sumant was President - FMCG Businesses since
April 2016. Earlier, he was the Divisional Chief Executive
of ITD. He also held responsibility of the TM&D Vertical
as COO from November 2014 to March 2016 and as its
Chief Executive for a period of one year from
October 2016. He spent his initial 19 years with ITC
in Manufacturing operations of ITD and has worked in
four production units as well as at the Head Office.
In October 2004, he moved to the Foods Business and
set up the Snack Food category under the brand name
Bingo! . He has led ITC Infotech India Limited,
a wholly owned subsidiary of ITC, as its Managing Director
from September 2009 to October 2014, and has been on
the Boards of ITC Infotech s wholly owned subsidiaries
in the UK and the USA.
Sumant has also been on the Boards of Surya Nepal
Private Limited and The Tobacco Institute of India.
He presently serves as a Member of the CII Eastern
Region Council.
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Other Directorships
Position
ITC Fibre Innovations
Chairperson &
Non-Executive Director
The Tollygunge Club
General Committee
N. Agarwal
Navin Agarwal (55), DIN: 10684167, was appointed
as a Non-Executive Director on the ITC Board
effective April 1, 2026. He is a representative of the
Specified Undertaking of the Unit Trust of India ( SUUTI ).
Agarwal has completed his Bachelors in Economics
from Delhi University, Masters in Climate Change,
Management & Finance from Imperial Business School,
London, and Master of Public Administration in Finance
and Fiscal Policy from Cornell University, USA.
Agarwal
presently
Joint
Secretary
Department of Investment and Public Asset Management,
Ministry of Finance, responsible for disinvestment and
capital management of Central Public Sector Enterprises.
He also serves as the Administrator and a Member of
the Body of Persons of SUUTI. Agarwal, who joined the
Indian Railway Personnel Service (as part of Civil Services)
in 1997, has close to three decades of experience across
public finance, capital markets, multilateral institutions and
public sector governance. Amongst others, he has served
as a Director in the Department of Economic Affairs and
as Executive Director in the Railway Board.
Other Directorships
Position
National Land Monetization
Corporation Limited
Non-Executive Director
H. Bhargava
Hemant Bhargava (66), DIN: 01922717, was appointed
as an Independent Director on the Board of ITC
effective December 20, 2021.
Bhargava holds a Post Graduate Degree in Economics
from Lucknow University and has also completed
Masters in Financial Management from Jamnalal Bajaj
Institute of Management Studies. He began his career in
1981 with the Life Insurance Corporation of India ( LIC )
as its youngest Direct Recruit Officer and rose through
the ranks to become the Chairman-in-charge and
Managing Director of LIC in January 2019. In the same year,
he was also appointed as the Non-Executive Chairman
of IDBI Bank Limited and LIC Housing Finance Limited.
During his career spanning 38 years, he has held a wide
range of leadership roles both in India and overseas,
gaining
extensive
experience
Marketing,
International Operations and new business ventures.
He has successfully led teams across the financial
services spectrum, pioneered innovative marketing
campaigns and launched new verticals & businesses for
LIC. He also served on the Board of the Company from
July 2018 to August 2021.
Other Directorships
Position
SMC Global Securities
Limited #
Independent Director
UGRO Capital Limited #
Independent Director
Wealth Company Asset
Management Holdings Private
Independent Director
Providence Life Limited, PCC,
Mauritius *
Non-Executive Director
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Directors
Committee
Position
SMC Global Securities
Audit Committee
Member
UGRO Capital Limited
Audit Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
Wealth Company
Asset Management
Holdings Private
Audit Committee
Member
A. M. Bharucha
Alka Marezban Bharucha (69), DIN: 00114067, joined
the ITC Board as an Independent Director effective
August 12, 2023.
A Senior Partner at Messrs. Bharucha & Partners,
Advocates
&
Solicitors,
Mumbai,
she
chairs
Transactions Practice and her core areas of legal
expertise include mergers & acquisitions, joint ventures,
private equity and banking & finance. She completed her
B.A. (Hons.) and L.L.B. from University of Mumbai and
Masters in Law from University of London. She is
a Solicitor with the High Court of Mumbai and
Supreme Court of England and Wales, and also an
Advocate on Record with the Supreme Court of India.
She began her career with Mulla & Mulla and
Craigie Blunt & Caroe and joined Amarchand & Mangaldas
as a Partner in 1992. In 2008, she co-founded
Bharucha
&
Partners,
which
ranked
RSG Consulting, London, amongst the top law firms
in India. With over 30 years of experience, she has
been ranked by Chambers Global, Legal 500 and
Who s Who Legal amongst India s leading lawyers.
Other Directorships
Position
UltraTech Cement Limited #
Independent Director
Hindalco Industries Limited #
Independent Director
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance
Company Limited #
Independent Director
Orient Electric Limited #
Independent Director
The India Cements Limited #
Independent Director
Committee
Position
UltraTech Cement
Nomination,
Remuneration and
Compensation
Committee
Chairperson
Audit Committee
Member
Aditya Birla Sun Life
Audit Committee
Member
Insurance Company
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
Orient Electric Limited
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Chairperson
Audit Committee
Member
The India Cements
Audit Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
A. Kant
Amitabh Kant (70), DIN: 00222708, was appointed
as an Independent Director on the ITC Board effective
January 1, 2026.
A Graduate in Economics (Hons.) from St. Stephen s
College, Delhi, and a Post Graduate in International
Relations from Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi,
Kant, a retired IAS Officer, is a governance reformer
and public policy change agent. He joined IAS in 1980
(Kerala cadre) and has administrative experience
spanning over four decades.
Kant served as India s G20 Sherpa to the Prime Minister
during India s G20 Presidency, where he led consensus
on the New Delhi Leaders Declaration, including the
Green Development Pact and Global South Priorities.
He was also Secretary of the then Department of
Industrial Policy and Promotion, where he led the
Make in India and Startup India initiatives, and was
the longest serving Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
of NITI Aayog, where he spearheaded major reforms
Aspirational
Districts
Production-Linked Incentive Schemes, Ease of Doing
Business, National Green Hydrogen Mission, and
National Asset Monetisation Pipeline. Earlier, he served
as Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Tourism, where
he led the Incredible India campaign, and as
Tourism Secretary to the Government of Kerala,
where he drove the God s Own Country campaign.
He
has
authored
various
books
Made in India - 75 years of Business and Enterprise ,
Incredible India 2.0 - Synergies for Growth and
Governance , and Branding India - An Incredible Story ,
and is a recipient of several Awards.
Other Directorships
Position
HCL Technologies Limited #
Independent Director
InterGlobe Aviation Limited #
Non-Executive Director
Larsen & Toubro Limited #
Independent Director
Raphe mPhibr Private Limited
Independent Director
upGrad Education Private Limited Independent Director
Committee
Position
InterGlobe Aviation
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee
Member
Corporate Social
Responsibility
Committee
Member
C. K. Mishra
Chandra Kishore Mishra (66), DIN: 02553126, was
appointed as an Independent Director on the ITC Board
effective September 14, 2024.
A Graduate in History from St. Stephen s College, Delhi,
and a Post Graduate Diploma holder in Media Law
from NALSAR, Hyderabad, Mishra has also completed
Advanced Leadership Programme from Australia and
New Zealand School of Government, Australia. He is
a retired IAS Officer with administrative experience of
nearly 38 years.
Mishra joined IAS in 1983 and during his long
public service, he has served as an administrator,
policy-maker and climate change strategist holding a
wide range of assignments in the fields of environment,
health, education, industry and power. As Secretary of
the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change,
he spearheaded the Indian efforts for addressing climate
change issues and policy interventions in matters relating
to pollution & air quality. Prior to this, he was Secretary of
the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and also held
additional charge of the Ministry of Ayush for some time,
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
where he led one of the largest public health programmes
globally viz., National Health Mission. He is presently
associated with various international organisations
and multinational companies addressing health and
climate change issues, including as a Member of the
Senior Advisory Board of Exemplars in Global Health
of the Gates Foundation and an Advisor to the
Rockefeller Foundation.
Other Directorships
Position
Shriram General Insurance
Company Limited
Chairperson &
Independent Director
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited #
Independent Director
Borosil Scientific Limited #
Independent Director
Raigad Pen Growth Centre
Independent Director
DCDC Health Services Private
Independent Director
Meradoc Healthtech Private
Non-Executive Director
Practo Pte. Ltd., Singapore *
Non-Executive Director
Committee
Position
Shriram General
Insurance Company
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
Corporate Social
Responsibility
Committee
Member
Balrampur Chini Mills
Audit Committee
Member
Borosil Scientific
Audit Committee
Member
S. Mohanty
Siddhartha Mohanty (62), DIN: 08058830, was appointed
as a Non-Executive Director on the Board of ITC effective
January 1, 2025. He is a representative of LIC.
Mohanty is a Post Graduate in Political Science with
a Bachelors Degree in Law from Utkal University,
Bhubaneswar, and has also completed Post Graduate
Certification
Business
Management
from
XIM,
Bhubaneswar. He is currently a Practising Advocate at
the Supreme Court of India.
Mohanty joined LIC as a Direct Recruit Officer in 1985
and retired as its CEO & Managing Director in June 2025.
During his career at LIC spanning nearly four decades,
he gained multi-dimensional experience across all domains
of life insurance covering Marketing, Human Resources,
Legal and Investments. He has held various important
positions in LIC, including tenures as Senior Divisional
Manager in-charge of Raipur and Cuttack Divisions,
Regional
Head
marketing
vertical
Western Zone, Chief of Investments (Back Office),
Executive Director (Legal) and CEO & Managing Director
of LIC Housing Finance Limited. He was also designated
as the Chairperson of LIC from April 2023 to June 2024.
He has been on the Boards of LIC Cards Services
Limited, LIC Mutual Fund Asset Management Limited
and LIC Pension Fund Limited, amongst others.
Other Directorships
Position
Larsen & Toubro Limited #
Non-Executive Director
Committee
Position
Larsen & Toubro
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee
Member
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
S. Mukherjee
Shyamal Mukherjee (66), DIN: 03024803, joined the
ITC Board as an Independent Director effective
August 11, 2021.
Mukherjee is a Chartered Accountant and also holds
Degrees of Bachelors in Commerce and Law from
Delhi University. He is the former Chairman and
Senior Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC )
in India. With over 37 years of experience, he started his
professional journey with PwC in 1984 and became
a Partner in 1993. As PwC s Chairman, he was at the
forefront of making IT a more future-ready firm, investing
in and strengthening the firm s key capabilities
across its people, go-to-market initiatives and internal
transformation. He is the Managing Trustee of the
Phanindranath Education Trust, West Bengal, and also a
Member of the Bar Council of Delhi.
Other Directorships
Position
Bharti Airtel Limited #
Independent Director
JSW Steel Limited #
Independent Director
Urban Company Limited #
Independent Director
Handy Home Solutions Private
Independent Director
Committee
Position
Bharti Airtel Limited
Audit Committee
Chairperson
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee
Member
JSW Steel Limited
Audit Committee
Member
Urban Company
Audit Committee
Chairperson
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
A. Nayak
Anand Nayak (74), DIN: 00973758, joined the ITC Board
as an Independent Director effective July 13, 2019.
Nayak is a Post Graduate in Personnel Management and
Industrial Relations from XLRI, Jamshedpur.
Nayak joined ITC in 1973 and served for more than
42 years until his retirement in December 2015.
During his long tenure with ITC, he held various portfolios
and worked across several businesses as well as
at Corporate Headquarters where he headed the
Human Resources Function from 1996 to 2015. He served
on the Corporate Management Committee of ITC for
over 18 years from 1997 to 2015. He was also
responsible for overall management of Social Sector
initiatives under the CSR agenda of ITC, and mentored
the Mission Sunehra Kal team in crafting enduring
sustainability solutions for rural India.
Nayak does not hold directorship in any other entity.
S. Panray
Sunil Panray (68), DIN: 09251023, was appointed as a
Non-Executive Director on the Board of ITC effective
August 11, 2021. He is a representative of Tobacco
Manufacturers (India) Limited ( TMI ), a subsidiary of
British American Tobacco p.l.c. ( BAT ).
Panray holds Degrees of Bachelors in Commerce and
Masters in Business Administration from Concordia
University in Montreal, Canada. He is a retired
senior executive. He began his professional journey
as a Senior Auditor and Financial Consultant with
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton, Canada, and has
held senior leadership positions at Imasco Limited,
Imperial Tobacco, Canada, and BAT. He has also served
as Vice President - Finance and Treasurer of Canadian
National Railway Company, the largest transcontinental
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
public railway transportation company in Canada,
from 2012 to 2016. During his professional career,
he has held important leadership roles in complex
business & regulatory environments, and has led
significant M&A transactions as well as key strategic
initiatives across geographies.
Panray does not hold directorship in any other entity.
A. K. Seth
Ajit Kumar Seth (74), DIN: 08504093, joined the ITC Board
as an Independent Director effective July 13, 2019.
An alumnus of St. Stephen s College, Delhi, from where
he did his post-graduation in Chemistry, Seth obtained an
M. Phil in Life Sciences from Jawaharlal Nehru University,
New Delhi, and Masters in Development Finance
from
University
Birmingham,
UK.
In
2015,
the University of Birmingham conferred upon him a
Doctorate Honoris Causa.
Seth is a retired IAS Officer with administrative experience
of more than 41 years. He retired in June 2015 after serving
for four years as the Cabinet Secretary of GoI, the highest
position in civil services. In a varied and distinguished
career,
his
assignments
include
postings
Ministry of Commerce, the Permanent Mission of India to the
United Nations at Geneva (dealing with GATT / UNCTAD),
Ministry of Textiles, and also as Chairman of the
Public Enterprises Selection Board. Earlier in Uttar Pradesh,
he served as Principal Secretary - Rural Development,
Special Secretary - Industries, Divisional Commissioner of
Kumaon Division and District Magistrate, Lucknow.
Seth does not hold directorship in any other entity.
A. Singh
Atul Singh (66), DIN: 00060943, joined the ITC Board as
a Non-Executive Director effective April 2, 2024. He is a
representative of TMI.
Singh holds Degrees of Bachelors in Commerce from
St. Xavier s College, Kolkata, and Masters in Business
Administration from TCU Neeley School of Business,
Texas, USA. He is a retired executive with more than
35 years of diverse experience in consumer-oriented
roles across multiple geographies.
Singh began his professional career as an Auditor with
Price Waterhouse, USA, and has held senior leadership
positions
Colgate-Palmolive,
Coca-Cola
Fawaz
Abdulaziz
Alhokair
Company,
Raymond
Executive
Vice
Chairman
(senior management personnel). He is a Member of
Young Presidents Organization, New Delhi Chapter, and
Member of the Governing Board of Plan International,
India Chapter, a NGO working in over 80 countries.
He has been on the Boards of Genesis Colors Limited,
Coca-Cola
India
Coca-Cola
India Foundation, and was an Independent Director of
Bata India Limited from 2011 to 2014. He has also served
as Chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in
India and as Member of the Advisory Board of AIESEC,
the world s largest student organisation, in India.
Other Directorships
Position
Compass Limited,
Bermuda *
Non-Executive Director
Your Directors

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
P. Subrahmanyam
Pushpa Subrahmanyam (64), DIN: 01894076, was
appointed as an Independent Director on the Board of ITC
effective April 2, 2024.
A. Masters in Development Planning and Project
Management from University of Bradford, UK, and a
Masters in Political Science from University of Hyderabad,
she is a retired IAS Officer with administrative experience
of over 36 years.
She joined IAS in 1985 (Andhra Pradesh cadre) and
has worked across several sectors including tribal,
women & child development, urban development and
poverty alleviation. She was Secretary of the Ministry of
Food Processing Industries for more than three years,
from where she retired in January 2022. She also
worked as Finance Secretary of the combined State of
Andhra Pradesh and has expertise in handling public
finance. She managed the employment intensive
sectors of textiles and food processing industries at
the national level, and had high level exposure to policy
making having worked in the Prime Minister s Office
for four years. She also worked with the erstwhile
Department for International Development, UK, as
Governance Adviser for three years. She has been
on the Boards of National Textile Corporation Limited,
Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation Limited
and Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh
Limited, amongst others.
She presently does not hold directorship in any other entity.
Your Directors
*
Denotes foreign entity
#
Denotes Indian entity whose securities are listed on a recognised stock exchange
Notes
1. Other Directorships and Committee Memberships of Directors are as on March 31, 2026.
2. Committee Memberships cover Committees under the Companies Act, 2013 viz., Audit Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee,
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of Indian entities.

The cornerstones of ITC s governance philosophy are
trusteeship, transparency, ethical corporate citizenship,
empowerment & accountability and control.
The Directors present the Company s Report on
Corporate Governance pursuant to the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( Listing Regulations ).
ITC Limited has been one of the frontrunners in
India to have put in place a formalised system of
Corporate Governance. Its governance framework enjoins
the highest standards of ethical and responsible conduct
of business to create value for all stakeholders.
THE COMPANY S GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY
ITC defines Corporate Governance as a systemic
process by which companies are directed and controlled
to enhance their wealth-generating capacity. Since large
corporations employ a vast quantum of societal resources,
ITC believes that the governance process should ensure
that these resources are utilised in a manner that meets
stakeholders aspirations and societal expectations.
This belief is reflected in the Company s deep commitment
to contribute to the triple bottom line , namely conservation
and development of the nation s economic, social and
environmental capital.
ITC s Corporate Governance structure, systems and
processes are based on two core principles:

ITC believes that any meaningful policy on Corporate
Governance must empower the executive management
of the Company. At the same time, Governance should
create a mechanism of checks and balances to ensure
that the decision-making powers vested in the executive
management are used with care and responsibility to
meet stakeholders aspirations and societal expectations.
From this definition and core principles of Corporate
Governance emerge the cornerstones of ITC s governance
philosophy, namely trusteeship, transparency, ethical
corporate citizenship, empowerment & accountability and
control. ITC believes that the practice of each of these
creates the right corporate culture that fulfils the true
purpose of Corporate Governance.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Report on
Corporate Governance
Management must have the executive freedom to drive
the enterprise forward without undue restraints
This freedom of management should be exercised
within a framework of effective accountability

Report on Corporate Governance
THE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
The practice of Corporate Governance in ITC takes place
at three interlinked levels:
Strategic supervision
by the Board of Directors
Strategic management
by the Corporate Management
Committee
Executive management
by the Divisional Chief Executive
assisted
Divisional
Management Committee
The three-tier governance structure ensures that:
(a) Strategic supervision (on behalf of Shareholders), being
free from involvement in the task of strategic management
of the Company, can be conducted with objectivity,
thereby sharpening accountability of management;
(b) Strategic management of the Company, uncluttered
by the day-to-day tasks of executive management,
remains focused and energised; and
(c) Executive management of the divisional business, free
from collective strategic responsibilities for ITC as
a whole, remains focused on enhancing the quality,
efficiency and effectiveness of the business to achieve
best-in-class performance.
The core roles of the key entities flow from this structure.
These roles, in turn, determine the core responsibilities
of each entity. In order to discharge such responsibilities,
each entity is empowered formally with requisite powers.
Trusteeship recognises that large corporations which represent a coalition of interests, namely
those of the shareholders, other providers of capital, business associates and employees, have both
an economic and a social purpose, thereby casting the responsibility on the Board of Directors to
protect and enhance shareholder value, as well as fulfil obligations to other stakeholders.
Inherent in the concept of trusteeship is the responsibility to ensure equity, namely that the rights of
all shareholders, large or small, are protected.
Trusteeship
Transparency
Transparency means explaining the Company s policies and actions to those to whom IT has
responsibilities. Externally, this means maximum appropriate disclosures without jeopardising the
Company s strategic interests and internally, this means openness in the Company s relationship
with its employees and in the conduct of its business. ITC believes transparency enhances
accountability.
Ethical Corporate Citizenship means setting exemplary standards of ethical behaviour,
both internally within the organisation as well as in external relationships. ITC believes that
unethical behaviour corrupts organisational culture and undermines stakeholder value.
Governance processes in ITC continuously reinforce and help realise the Company s belief in ethical
corporate citizenship.
Ethical
Corporate
Citizenship
Control ensures that freedom of management is exercised within a framework of checks and
balances, and is designed to prevent misuse of power, facilitate timely management of change and
ensure effective management of risks. ITC believes that control is a necessary concomitant of its
second core principle of governance that freedom of management should be exercised within a
framework of effective accountability.
Control
Empowerment is a process of unleashing creativity and innovation throughout the organisation by
truly vesting decision-making powers at the most appropriate levels and as close to the scene of action
as feasible, thereby helping actualise the potential of its employees. Empowerment is an essential
concomitant of ITC s first core principle of governance that management must have the freedom to
drive the enterprise forward. ITC believes that empowerment combined with accountability provides
an impetus to performance and improves effectiveness, thereby enhancing shareholder value.
Empowerment
&
Accountability
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

The structure, processes and practices of governance
are designed to support effective management of multiple
businesses while retaining focus on each one of them.
The
governance
structure
https://www.itcportal.com/governance-structure .
ROLES OF VARIOUS ENTITIES
Board of Directors ( Board ): The primary role of the Board
is that of trusteeship to protect and enhance shareholder
value through strategic supervision of ITC and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. As trustees, the Board ensures
that the Company has clear goals aligned to shareholder
value and its growth. The Board sets strategic goals and
seeks accountability for their fulfilment. The Board also
provides direction and exercises appropriate control to
ensure that the Company is managed in a manner that
fulfils stakeholders aspirations and societal expectations.
The Board, as part and parcel of its functioning, annually
reviews its role and also evaluates its performance and
that of the Board Committees & the Directors.
Board Committees: The roles of the Board Committees
are determined by the Board from time to time, synopsis
of which is provided under the heading Committees
of the Board .
Corporate Management Committee ( CMC ): The primary
role of the CMC is strategic management of the Company s
businesses within Board approved direction / framework
and realisation of Company goals. The CMC also
assesses
businesses
allocates resources.
Divisional Management Committee ( DMC ): The primary
role of the DMC is executive management of the business
to realise tactical and strategic objectives in accordance
with the Board approved Business Plan.
The Executive Committee for a Business Vertical within the
Division is responsible to deliver comprehensive business
results under the overall direction and supervision of the
Divisional Chief Executive supported by the DMC.
Chairman: The Chairman is the Chief Executive of the
Company. He is Chairman of the Board and the CMC and
also presides over General Meetings of Shareholders.
His primary role is to provide leadership to the Board and
the CMC for realising Company goals in accordance with
the charter approved by the Board. He is responsible,
inter alia, for the working of the Board and the CMC, for
ensuring that all relevant issues are on the agenda and
that all Directors and CMC Members are enabled and
encouraged to play a full part in the activities of the Board
and the CMC, respectively. He keeps the Board informed
on all matters of importance. He is also responsible for
balance of membership of the Board, subject to Board and
Shareholder approvals.
Non-Executive Director: Non-Executive Directors, including
Independent Directors, play a critical role in imparting
balance to the Board processes by bringing independent
judgement on issues of strategy, performance, resources,
standards of Company conduct, etc.
Executive Director: The Executive Director assists
the Board in realising its role of strategic supervision of
the Company in pursuit of its purpose and goals. As a
member of the CMC, an Executive Director contributes
Company s
businesses within Board approved direction / framework.
An Executive Director accountable to the Board for a
business assumes overall responsibility for its strategic
management, including governance processes and
top management effectiveness. Similarly, as Director
accountable to the Board for a corporate function, the
overall strategic responsibility for its performance forms
part of the Executive Director s role. In the context of
the multi-business character of the Company, an
Executive Director is in the nature of a Managing Director
for those businesses and functions reporting to him.
CMC Member: The CMC Member contributes to strategic
management of the Company s businesses within
Board approved direction / framework. A CMC Member
accountable for a business assumes responsibility for its
strategic management, including governance processes
and top management effectiveness. Similarly, where
accountable for a corporate function, the overall strategic
responsibility for its performance forms part of the
CMC Member s role.
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Divisional Chief Executive: The Divisional Chief Executive
of a business has the executive responsibility for its
day-to-day operations and provides leadership to the DMC
in its task of executive management of the business and
the Verticals within the Division.
The Chief Operating Officer of a Business Vertical
responsible
providing
leadership
Executive Committee of the Vertical and realising
the tactical & strategic objectives of the respective
business area.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Composition
The ITC Board is a balanced Board comprising Executive
and Non-Executive Directors, with at least 50% of the total
strength of the Board comprising Independent Directors.
The Non-Executive Directors, including Independent
Directors, are all drawn from amongst eminent professionals
with experience in business / finance / law / public
administration and enterprises. The ITC Board is an
optimal mix of professionalism, knowledge, experience
and diversity. The Directors of the Company also
possess the skills, expertise and competencies, as
identified by the Board and provided in the Annexure
forming part of this Report.
In terms of the applicable regulatory requirements read
with the Articles of Association of the Company, the
strength of the Board shall not be fewer than six nor more
than eighteen. The present strength of the Board is sixteen
comprising the Chairman & Managing Director, three
Executive Directors, eight Non-Executive Independent
Directors, of which two are Women Directors, and
four Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors.
Composition of the Board as on 31st March, 2026:
Category
No. of
Directors
Percentage to
total no. of Directors
Chairman & Managing Director and
Executive Directors
23.53
Non-Executive Independent Directors
52.94
Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors
23.53
Total
100.00
Director
Category
No. of
Directorship(s)*
No. of Membership(s) /
Chairpersonship(s) of
Audit Committee /
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee of other
Indian public limited
companies
S. Puri
Chairman &
Managing Director
Nil
S. Dutta
Executive Director &
Chief Financial Officer
[also as Chairperson]
H. Malik
Executive Director
Nil
B. Sumant
Executive Director
Nil
H. Bhargava
Independent Director
[including 1 as
Chairperson]
A. M. Bharucha
Independent Director
[including 2 as
Chairperson]
A. Kant
Independent Director
C. K. Mishra
Independent Director
S. Mukherjee
Independent Director
[including 2 as
Chairperson]
A. Nayak
Independent Director
Nil
Nil
N. Rao 1
Independent Director
Nil
A. K. Seth
Independent Director
Nil
Nil
P. Subrahmanyam Independent Director
Nil
Nil
S. Mohanty
Non-Executive Director
Representative
Life Insurance Corporation
of India as Investor
A. Pande 2
Non-Executive Director
Representative
Specified Undertaking of
the Unit Trust of India as
Investor
Nil
S. Panray
Non-Executive Director
Representative
Tobacco
Manufacturers
(India) Limited ( TMI ),
a subsidiary of British
American Tobacco p.l.c.,
as Investor
Nil
Nil
A. Singh
Non-Executive Director
Representative of TMI as
Investor
Nil
* Details with respect to other Directorships are provided under the section Your Directors
in the Report and Accounts.
1. Ceased to be Director w.e.f. 8th April, 2026 upon completion of term as Independent Director.
Ms. N. Rao is an Independent Director of JSW Steel Limited.
2. Resigned as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 1st April, 2026. Mr. A. Pande is a Non-Executive Director
of Indian Bank.
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Meetings and Attendance
The Company s Governance Policy requires the Board to
meet at least five times in a year. The tentative schedule
of meetings is determined at the beginning of each
calendar year. During the financial year 2025-26, the
intervening period between two Board Meetings was well
within the maximum gap of 120 days prescribed under the
Listing Regulations.
Board Agenda
Meetings are governed by a structured agenda. The Board
Members, in consultation with the Chairman, may bring up
any matter for the consideration of the Board. All major
agenda items are backed by comprehensive background
information to enable the Board to take informed decisions.
Agenda papers are generally circulated between seven to
fourteen days prior to the Board Meeting.
Information placed before the Board
In terms of the Company s Governance Policy, all statutory
and other significant & material information are placed
before the Board to enable IT to discharge its responsibility
of strategic supervision of the Company as trustees of
Shareholders. The following in particular are tabled for the
Board s approval / periodic review or information:

Annual operating plans and capital budgets.

Periodic review of the Company s businesses.

Quarterly, half-yearly and annual performance,
including business segment-wise financials.

External Audit Management Reports (through the
Audit Committee).

Status of safety and legal compliance.

Status and effectiveness of risk management plans.

CSR and sustainability initiatives of the Company
(through the CSR and Sustainability Committee).

Succession to Senior Management (through the
Nomination & Compensation Committee).

Statutory compliance reports from businesses /
corporate functions.

Show cause / demand / prosecution / adjudication
notices, if any, from revenue authorities which are
considered
materially
important,
any
exposure that exceeds 1% of the Company s net worth,
and their outcome.

Significant court judgement or order passing strictures,
if any, on the conduct of the Company or a subsidiary of
the Company or any employee, which could negatively
impact the Company s image.

Product liability claims of substantial nature, if any.

Default, if any, in payment of dues to any major creditor.

Write-offs / disposals of fixed assets, inventories,
receivables, advances, etc.

Significant developments in Human Resources /
Industrial Relations.

Non-compliance of any regulatory, statutory or listing
requirements and in relation to shareholders services,
if any.
Post-meeting follow-up system
The Governance processes in the Company include an
effective post-meeting follow-up, review and reporting
process for action taken / pending on decisions of the Board,
the Board Committees, the CMC and the DMCs.
Details of Board Meetings during the financial year
Five meetings of the Board were held as follows:
Date
Board Strength
No. of
Directors
17th April, 2025
93.75%
22nd May, 2025
100%
1st August, 2025
100%
30th October, 2025
100%
29th January, 2026
100%
Attendance at Board Meetings and at Annual General
Meeting ( AGM ) during the financial year 2025-26
Director
No. of Board
Meetings attended
Attendance at
last AGM
S. Puri
Yes
S. Dutta
Yes
H. Malik
Yes
B. Sumant
Yes
H. Bhargava
Yes
A. M. Bharucha
Yes
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Director
No. of Board
Meetings attended
Attendance at
last AGM
A. Kant 1
C. K. Mishra
Yes
S. Mohanty
Yes
S. Mukherjee
Yes
A. Nayak
Yes
A. Pande
Yes
S. Panray
Yes
N. Rao
Yes
A. K. Seth
Yes
A. Singh
Yes
P. Subrahmanyam
Yes
1. Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. 1st January, 2026.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Currently,
there
five
Board
Committees
-
the Audit Committee, the Nomination & Compensation
Committee, the Securityholders Relationship Committee,
the CSR and Sustainability Committee and the
Independent Directors Committee. The terms of reference of
these Committees are determined by the Board from time
to time, other than the Independent Directors Committee
the terms of reference of which are as prescribed under law.
Meetings of Board Committees are normally convened
by the respective Committee Chairman. Matters requiring
the Board s attention / approval, as emanating from
the Board Committee Meetings, are placed before
the Board with clearance of the Committee Chairman.
All recommendations made by Board Committees
during the year were accepted by the Board. Minutes of
Board Committee Meetings are placed before the Board.
The role and composition of these Committees, including
the number of meetings held during the financial year and
the related attendance, are provided below.
I. AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee provides reassurance to the
Board on the existence of an effective internal control
environment that ensures:

efficiency and effectiveness of operations.

safeguarding of assets and adequacy of provisions for
liabilities.

reliability
financial
information and adequacy of disclosures.

compliance with all relevant statutes.
The role of the Committee includes the following:
(a) To oversee the Company s financial reporting process
and disclosure of its financial information to ensure
that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and
credible;
(b) To evaluate the Company s internal financial controls
and risk management systems;
(c) To approve transactions with related parties, including
modifications thereto;
(d) To recommend the appointment, remuneration and
removal of the Auditors;
(e) To recommend the appointment of the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company;
(f) To review with the management, the following:

(i) Annual financial statements and Auditor s Report
thereon;

(ii) Quarterly & half-yearly financial results and
Limited Review Report thereon;
(g) To review the following:

(i) Management
discussion
analysis
financial condition & results of operations, and
matters required to be included in the Directors
Responsibility Statement;

(ii) Adequacy of internal control systems and the
Company s statement on the same, in consultation
with the management, the Statutory Auditors and
the Internal Auditors;

(iii) Adequacy and effectiveness of internal control
systems laid down in the Company for compliance
with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)
Regulations, 2015;

(iv) Significant findings in the Internal Audit Reports
and follow-up thereon;

(v) Statutory Auditors independence and performance,
and effectiveness of the audit process;

(vi) System for maintenance, storage, retrieval, security, etc.
of books of accounts in the electronic form;

(vii) Functioning of Whistleblower mechanism in the
Company;

(viii) Annual financial statements, including investments,
of subsidiary companies;

(ix) Utilisation of loans and / or advances and investments
by the Company to / in subsidiary companies.
Report on Corporate Governance
Attendance at Board Meetings and at AGM during the
financial year 2025-26 (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Composition
The
Audit
Committee
presently
comprises
four
Independent Directors. The Chairman of the Committee
is also an Independent Director. The Executive Director
representing the Finance Function (who is also the
Chief Financial Officer), the Head of Internal Audit and
the representative of the Statutory Auditors are Invitees
to the meetings of the Audit Committee. The Head of
Internal Audit is the Coordinator and the Company Secretary
is the Secretary to the Committee. The representatives of the
Cost Auditors are invited to meetings of the Committee
whenever matters relating to cost audit are considered.
All members of the Committee are financially literate;
two members, including the Chairman of the Committee,
have accounting and financial management expertise.
The names of the members of the Audit Committee, including
its Chairman, are provided under the section Board of
Details of Audit Committee Meetings
Nine meetings of the Audit Committee were held
Date
Committee
Strength
No. of
Members
10th April, 2025
100%
12th May, 2025
100%
22nd May, 2025
100%
1st August, 2025
100%
21st August, 2025
100%
30th October, 2025
100%
17th December, 2025
100%
29th January, 2026
100%
20th February, 2026
100%
Attendance at Audit Committee Meetings
Member
No. of Meetings attended
H. Bhargava
A. M. Bharucha
C. K. Mishra 1
S. Mukherjee
1. Appointed as Member w.e.f. 22nd May, 2025.
II. NOMINATION & COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board,
under the nomenclature Nomination & Compensation
Committee , inter alia, identifies persons qualified to
become Directors and recommends to the Board,
the appointment, remuneration and removal of the
Directors and Senior Management. The Committee s
role also includes formulation of criteria for evaluation of
performance of the Directors & the Board as a whole, and
administration of the Employee Stock Option Schemes
and Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme of
the Company. The Committee also reviews the succession
planning processes for critical positions in the Company
and the key interventions made in this area.
Composition
The Nomination & Compensation Committee presently
comprises three Independent Directors and the Chairman
of the Company. The Chairman of the Committee is an
Independent Director. The Company Secretary is the
Secretary to the Committee.
The names of the members of the Nomination &
Compensation Committee, including its Chairman, are
Committees in the Report and Accounts.
Details of Nomination & Compensation Committee
Meetings
Four meetings of the Nomination & Compensation
Committee were held as follows:
Date
Committee
Strength
No. of
Members
21st May, 2025
100%
31st July, 2025
100%
29th October, 2025
100%
28th January, 2026
100%
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Attendance at Nomination & Compensation Committee
Meetings
Member
No. of Meetings attended
A. Nayak
S. Puri
A. K. Seth
P. Subrahmanyam 1
1. Appointed as Member w.e.f. 22nd May, 2025.
Remuneration Policy
ITC s Remuneration strategy is performance based,
competitive and values led. IT is designed to reward holistic
performance that is in congruence with the Company s
triple bottom line approach to business, to attract & retain
high quality talent and is anchored on ITC s values,
all of which are integral in pursuit of the Company s
objective of enhancing the wealth generating capability
of the enterprise in a globalised environment, while
delivering superior and sustainable stakeholder value.
The Remuneration Policy of the Company is market-led
and factors in the competitive context of each business.
Performance against the Sustainability goals of the
Company has also been included as a factor in assessing
business performance which, in turn, is considered while
determining remuneration. The Company has adopted a
comprehensive Total Rewards approach to remuneration
that, inter alia, promotes a superior quality of personal
and work life by combining both cash and non-cash
components / benefits.
The Company s Policy on remuneration of Directors,
Key
Managerial
Personnel
employees
may
accessed
https://www.itcportal.com/remuneration-policy .
There was no change in the Policy during the year.
Remuneration of Directors
Remuneration of the Chairman & Managing Director and
the Executive Directors is determined by the Board on
the recommendation of the Nomination & Compensation
Committee, subject to the approval of the Shareholders.
The Chairman and each of the Executive Directors
entitled
bonus
every
financial year up to a maximum of 300% and 200% of their
basic / consolidated salary, respectively, as may be
determined by the Board on the recommendation of the
Nomination & Compensation Committee; such remuneration
is linked to the performance of the Company inasmuch
as the performance bonus is based on various qualitative
and quantitative performance criteria. Apart from fixed
elements of remuneration and benefits / perquisites, the
Chairman and the Executive Directors are also eligible for
Long Term Incentives, including Stock Options and / or
Stock Appreciation Rights, as may be determined by
the Nomination & Compensation Committee and / or the
Board; such incentives are linked to the overall
performance of the individual and the Company, including
performance against Sustainability goals. The maximum
annual value of such Long Term Incentives is
0.10% and 0.05% for the Chairman and each of the
Executive Directors, respectively, of the net profits of the
Company for the immediately preceding financial year.
Non-Executive Directors, including Independent Directors,
are entitled to remuneration by way of commission for
each financial year, ranging between ` 1,00,00,000/-
and ` 1,30,00,000/-, individually, as approved by the
Shareholders. Non-Executive Directors commission is
determined by the Board, based inter alia on Company
performance and regulatory provisions, and is payable
on a uniform basis to reinforce the principle of collective
responsibility. Non-Executive Directors are also entitled to
sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board and its
Committees. The sitting fees as determined by the Board
are ` 1,00,000/- for each meeting of the Board,
` 50,000/- for each meeting of the Audit Committee,
Nomination & Compensation Committee, CSR and
Sustainability Committee and Independent Directors
Committee, and ` 10,000/- for each meeting of the
Securityholders Relationship Committee; sitting fees for
each meeting of the Risk Management Committee is
` 50,000/-. Non-Executive Directors are also eligible for
coverage under Personal Accident Insurance.
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Details of Remuneration paid to the Directors during
the financial year ended 31st March, 2026

(` in Lakhs)
Director
Basic /
Consolidated
Salary
Perquisites /
Other
Benefits
Performance
Bonus /
Long Term
Incentives /
Commission
Sitting
Fees
Total
S. Puri
385.92
88.03
1,917.57
-
2,391.52
S. Dutta
186.72
37.99
719.44
-
944.15
H. Malik
186.72
37.61
499.86
-
724.19
B. Sumant
210.72
42.16
827.01
-
1,079.89
H. Bhargava
-
110.00
11.50
121.50
A. M. Bharucha
-
110.00
10.00
120.00
A. Kant 1
-
1.00
C. K. Mishra 2
-
59.97
10.00
69.97
S. Mohanty 3
-
27.12 *
6.50 #
33.62
S. Mukherjee
-
110.00
11.50
121.50
A. Nayak
-
110.00
7.50
117.50
A. Pande 4
-
74.74 *
5.00 *
79.74
S. Panray
-
110.00
6.50
116.50
N. Rao
-
110.00
6.50
116.50
A. K. Seth
-
110.00
8.80
118.80
A. Singh 5
-
109.70
6.50
116.20
P. Subrahmanyam 6
-
109.70
7.00
116.70
N. Anand 7
-
268.50
-
268.50
S. Banerjee 8
-
36.16
-
36.16
A. Duggal 9
-
50.33
-
50.33
M. Gupta 10
-
62.99 *
-
62.99
R. Jain 11
-
18.08 *
-
18.08
M. Shankar 9
-
50.33
-
50.33
R. Tandon 12
-
81.86
-
81.86
* Paid to the Public Financial Institution the Director represents / represented.
# Includes ` 3.00 Lakhs paid to the Public Financial Institution the Director represents.
1. Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. 1st January, 2026.
2. Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. 14th September, 2024.
3. Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 1st January, 2025.
4. Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 27th July, 2024.
5. Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 2nd April, 2024.
6. Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. 2nd April, 2024.
7. Ceased to be Director w.e.f. 3rd January, 2024 upon completion of term as Executive Director.
8. Ceased to be Director w.e.f. 30th July, 2024 upon completion of term as Independent Director.
9. Ceased to be Director w.e.f. 15th September, 2024 upon completion of term as Independent Director.
10. Resigned as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 27th October, 2024.
11. Resigned as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 31st May, 2024.
12. Ceased to be Director w.e.f. 22nd July, 2022 upon completion of term as Executive Director.
Note: Disclosure with respect to Non-Executive Directors - Pecuniary relationship or transaction: None.
Employee Stock Option Schemes and Employee Stock
Appreciation Rights Scheme
The eligible employees and Executive Directors of the
Company were granted, during the year, 12,19,630 Stock Options
and 4,18,560 Stock Appreciation Rights ( ESARs ) at
market price as defined under the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits
and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.
Each Stock Option entitles the holder thereof to apply for
and be allotted ten Ordinary Shares of the Company of
` 1/- each upon payment of the exercise price during the
exercise period. In case of ESARs, the ESAR Grantees
are entitled to apply for and be allotted, upon payment of
` 1/- per share, Ordinary Shares equivalent to appreciation
for the total number of ESARs exercised, computed in the
manner specified in the ITC Employee Stock Appreciation
Rights Scheme 2025.
In case of both Stock Options and ESARs, the
exercise period commences from the date of vesting
and expires at the end of five years from the date of
such vesting.
Stock Options / ESARs vest as per the following schedule:
From the date of grant of Stock Options / ESARs
% of Stock Options / ESARs vest
On completion of 12 months
30%
On completion of 24 months
30%
On completion of 36 months
40%
Details of shareholding of Directors and Stock Options /
ESARs granted during the financial year
Director
No. of Ordinary Shares
of ` 1/- each held
(singly / jointly)
No. of
Stock Options
No. of ESARs
S. Puri
3,00,591
1,01,000
33,500
S. Dutta
8,65,580
50,500
16,750
H. Malik
5,15,591
50,500
16,750
B. Sumant
8,68,087
50,500
16,750
H. Bhargava
-
A. M. Bharucha
44,380
-
A. Kant
-
C. K. Mishra
-
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Director
No. of Ordinary Shares
of ` 1/- each held
(singly / jointly)
No. of
Stock Options
No. of ESARs
S. Mohanty
-
S. Mukherjee
21,000
-
A. Nayak
13,62,455
-
A. Pande
-
S. Panray
-
N. Rao
-
A. K. Seth
1,32,480
-
A. Singh
1,275
-
P. Subrahmanyam
-
Service Contract, Severance Fee and Notice Period
The appointment of the Chairman & Managing Director
and the Executive Directors is governed by resolutions
passed by the Board and the Shareholders, which cover
terms
such
appointment,
read with the service rules of the Company. A separate
Service Contract is not entered into by the Company with those
elevated to the Board from the management cadre, since
they already have a Service Contract with the Company.
Letters of appointment are issued by the Company to
the Independent Directors detailing their roles, duties,
responsibilities, etc.
With respect to notice period and payment of severance
fee, the service rules of the Company read with the
statutory provisions apply.
Performance Evaluation
Performance evaluation of the Board, the Board Committees
and the individual Directors was carried out by the
Board in accordance with the Framework approved by the
Nomination & Compensation Committee in this regard;
brief details of such evaluation are provided in the Report
of the Board of Directors & Management Discussion and
Analysis , forming part of the Report and Accounts.
III. SECURITYHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board,
under the nomenclature Securityholders Relationship
Committee , primarily oversees redressal of shareholder
and investor grievances, approves transmission of shares,
sub-division / consolidation / renewal of share certificates,
issue of duplicate share certificates, and allots shares
upon exercise of Stock Options / ESARs. The Committee
also reviews adherence to the service standards adopted
in respect of the Company s share registration & related
activities and the measures taken for effective exercise of
voting rights by the Shareholders.
Composition
The Securityholders Relationship Committee presently
comprises three Directors. The Chairman of the Committee
is an Independent Director. The Company Secretary is the
Secretary to the Committee.
The names of the members of the Securityholders
Relationship Committee, including its Chairman, are
Committees in the Report and Accounts.
Details of Securityholders Relationship Committee
Meetings
Thirteen meetings of the Securityholders Relationship
Committee were held as follows:
Date
Committee
Strength
No. of Members
10th April, 2025
100%
30th June, 2025
100%
11th July, 2025
100%
22nd July, 2025
100%
31st July, 2025
100%
Inherent in the concept of trusteeship is the responsibility
to ensure equity, namely that the rights of all shareholders,
large or small, are protected.
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Details of shareholding of Directors and Stock Options /
ESARs granted during the financial year (Contd.)

Date
Committee
Strength
No. of Members
19th August, 2025
100%
17th September, 2025
100%
15th October, 2025
100%
17th November, 2025
100%
19th December, 2025
100%
16th January, 2026
100%
18th March, 2026
100%
31st March, 2026
100%
Attendance at Securityholders Relationship Committee
Meetings
Member
No. of Meetings attended
A. K. Seth
S. Dutta
B. Sumant
IV. CSR AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
The role of the CSR Committee of the Board, under the
nomenclature CSR and Sustainability Committee , is
inter alia to review, monitor and provide strategic direction
to the Company s CSR and sustainability practices towards
fulfilling its triple bottom line objectives. The Committee
seeks to guide the Company in crafting unique models
to support creation of sustainable livelihoods together
with environmental re-generation. Formulating and
monitoring the CSR Policy, the Sustainability Policies
and the annual CSR Action Plan, including making
recommendation to the Board as necessary, form
part of the role of the Committee. The Committee also
approves the Sustainability Report, besides reviewing the
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report of
the Company and recommending the same to the
Board for adoption.
Composition
The CSR and Sustainability Committee presently comprises
the Chairman of the Company and seven Non-Executive
Directors, three of whom are Independent Directors.
The Chairman of the Company is the Chairman of the
Committee. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to
the Committee.
The names of the members of the CSR and Sustainability
Committee, including its Chairman, are provided under
the section Board of Directors and Committees in the
Details of CSR and Sustainability Committee Meetings
Three meetings of the CSR and Sustainability Committee
were held as follows:
Date
Committee
Strength
No. of Members
17th April, 2025
87.50%
21st May, 2025
100%
29th October, 2025
87.50%
Attendance at CSR and Sustainability Committee
Meetings
Member
No. of Meetings attended
S. Puri
A. Kant 1
C. K. Mishra
S. Mohanty
S. Mukherjee
A. Pande
S. Panray
N. Rao
A. Singh
1. Appointed as Member w.e.f. 30th January, 2026.
The CSR and Sustainability Committee provides strategic
direction to the Company s CSR and Sustainability practices
towards fulfilling its Triple Bottom Line objectives.
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Details of Securityholders Relationship Committee
Meetings (Contd.)

V. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS COMMITTEE
The statutory role of the Independent Directors Committee
of the Board is to review the performance of the
Non-Independent Directors, including the Chairman of the
Company, and the Board, and also to assess the quality,
quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the
Company management and the Board.
Composition
The Independent Directors Committee comprises all the
Independent Directors of the Company.
The names of the members of the Independent Directors
Committee are provided under the section Board of
Meeting and Attendance during the financial year
Details of Independent Directors Committee Meeting
One meeting of the Independent Directors Committee
was held as follows:
Date
Committee
Strength
No. of Members
7th May, 2025
100%
Attendance at Independent Directors Committee Meeting
Member
Attendance at the Meeting
H. Bhargava
Yes
A. M. Bharucha
Yes
A. Kant 1
C. K. Mishra
Yes
S. Mukherjee
Yes
A. Nayak
Yes
N. Rao
Yes
A. K. Seth
Yes
P. Subrahmanyam
Yes
1. Appointed as Member w.e.f. 1st January, 2026.
OTHER COMMITTEES
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The role of the Risk Management Committee is, inter alia,
to approve the strategic risk management framework of
the Company, and review the risk mitigation strategies,
measures taken for cyber security and results of
risk identification, prioritisation & mitigation plans for
all businesses / corporate functions. Formulation of the
Risk Management Policy and review of implementation,
effectiveness and adequacy of the risk management plans,
systems & processes of the Company form part of the
role of the Committee.
Composition
The Risk Management Committee presently comprises
the Chairman of the Company, the Executive Directors,
one
Independent
Director
one
member
Senior Management. The Chairman of the Company
is the Chairman of the Committee. The Head of
Internal Audit is an Invitee to the meetings of the
Committee. The Chief Risk Officer is the Secretary to
the Committee.
The names of the members of the Risk Management
Committee, including its Chairman, are provided below.
Details of Risk Management Committee Meetings
Three meetings of the Risk Management Committee were
held as follows:
Date
Committee
Strength
No. of Members
27th August, 2025
100%
14th February, 2026
100%
24th March, 2026
100%
Attendance at Risk Management Committee Meetings
Member
No. of Meetings attended
S. Puri (Chairman)
H. Bhargava
S. Dutta
H. Malik
B. Sumant
S. Sivakumar
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

CORPORATE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The primary role of the CMC is strategic management
of the Company s businesses within Board approved
direction / framework and realisation of Company goals.
The CMC, inter alia, formulates the Company s Business
Plans and organisational policies, systems & processes,
reviews business performance against approved plans,
and allocates resources.
Composition
The CMC presently comprises the Chairman of the
Company, the Executive Directors and three members of
Senior Management. The Chairman of the Company is the
Chairman of the Committee. The composition of the CMC
is determined by the Board on the recommendation
Nomination
&
Compensation
Committee.
The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the CMC.
The names of the members of the CMC, including its
Chairman, are provided under the section Board of
Meetings
The CMC normally meets once a month. Matters requiring
the Board s attention / approval, as emanating from the
CMC Meetings, are placed before the Board in the form
of notes from / through the relevant Executive Director,
backed by comprehensive background information.
Minutes of CMC Meetings are also placed before
the Board.
SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
All subsidiaries of the Company are managed by their
respective Board of Directors in the best interest of
those companies and their shareholders. The annual
financial
companies,
including their investments, are reviewed by the
Audit Committee of the Company. Performance review
reports of subsidiary companies are placed before the
Board of Directors of the Company on a half-yearly basis.
Report on Corporate Governance
The Minutes of Board Meetings of subsidiary companies,
including details of significant transactions & arrangements
entered into by them, are also placed before the
Board of Directors of the Company.
The Company does not have any material subsidiary.
The Company s Policy for determination of a material
subsidiary may be accessed on its corporate website at
https://www.itcportal.com/material-subsidiary-policy .
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR DIRECTORS
ITC believes that a Board, which is well informed /
familiarised with the Company and its affairs, can
contribute significantly to effectively discharge its role
of trusteeship in a manner that fulfils stakeholders
aspirations and societal expectations. In pursuit of this,
the Directors of the Company are updated on material
changes / developments in the domestic / global corporate
and industry scenario including those pertaining to statutes /
legislations & economic environment, and on matters
significantly affecting the Company to enable them to take
well informed and timely decisions. The Directors are also
kept abreast on all business related matters including
risk assessment & minimisation procedures, CSR &
sustainability interventions, digital initiatives, succession
plans including management development processes,
new
proposed
Induction programme, as appropriate, is organised by
the Company for the Non-Executive Directors joining
the Board. Visits to Company facilities are also organised
for the Directors from time to time. During the year, the
Directors of the Company attended a Strategy Session ,
spread over two days, where the global & Indian
macro-economic environment, the ITC Next strategy of
building a future-ready portfolio and the Company s digital
initiatives, amongst others, were discussed / reviewed.
Further details may be accessed on the Company s
corporate website at https://www.itcportal.com/directors-
familiarisation-programme .
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Report on Corporate Governance
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
Timely disclosure of consistent, comparable, relevant and reliable information on corporate financial performance is at the
core of good governance. Towards this end, the Company leverages the following channels of communication:
ITC CODE OF CONDUCT
The ITC Code of Conduct is applicable to the Directors,
Senior Management and employees of the Company.
The Code is derived from three interlinked fundamental
principles viz., good corporate governance, good
corporate citizenship and exemplary personal conduct
in relation to the Company s business and reputation.
The Code covers ITC s commitment to CSR and sustainable
development, concern for occupational health, safety and
environment, a gender friendly workplace, transparency
and auditability, legal compliance, avoidance of conflict of
interest, and the philosophy of leading by personal example.
The Code is available on the Company s corporate website
at https://www.itcportal.com/code-of-conduct .
All Directors and Senior Management of the Company
have affirmed compliance with the ITC Code of Conduct
for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026.
S. Puri
Chairman &
Kolkata, 21st May, 2026.
Managing Director
Declaration as required under the Listing Regulations
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Website
The
Company s
www.itcportal.com
provides comprehensive information on ITC s portfolio of
businesses, profile of senior leadership (including Directors),
CSR & sustainability initiatives, shareholding pattern, key Company
Policies and contact details of employees responsible for assisting
investors & handling investor grievances. An exclusive section on
Investor Relations serves to inform and service Shareholders,
enabling them to access information at their convenience.
Annual Report
The Report and Accounts, including the Standalone and
Consolidated Financial Statements, the Report of the
Board of Directors and the Auditors Reports, is sent to the
Shareholders of the Company, and is also available on the
Company s corporate website.
The Report of the Board of Directors, forming part of the
Report and Accounts, includes all aspects of Management
Discussion and Analysis as required under the Listing Regulations.
Other disclosures / filings
A copy of the Chairman s Speech delivered at the AGM is
sent to the Shareholders and is also made available on the
Company s corporate website. In addition, shareholding
pattern, material events and other important information
relating to the Company are submitted to the Stock Exchanges
and made available on the Company s website.
Financial Results
The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results,
along with the Media Statement and presentation on the
Company s financial performance, are sent to the Shareholders.
These documents along with FAQs on results are also
available on the Company s website.
Extracts of these results are published in The Times of India /
Business Standard & Aajkaal from Kolkata, and on an all India
basis in major newspapers and also in Luxemburger Wort ,
Luxembourg.
Media Releases
The Media Centre section of the Company s corporate
website includes all major media releases from the
Company and relevant media reports.
Communications with the investing community
Detailed presentations to the investing community on the
quarterly financial results are sent to the Stock Exchanges
and also made available on the Company s corporate website.
In addition, investor presentations on other major events,
such as acquisitions by the Company, are also made
available in public domain, through the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchanges.

WHISTLEBLOWER POLICY
Synopsis of the Whistleblower Policy of the Company
is provided in the Report of the Board of Directors &
Management
Discussion
Analysis ,
forming
part of the Report and Accounts. The Policy may be
accessed on the Company s corporate website at
https://www.itcportal.com/whistleblower-policy .
POLICY ON RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Policy may be accessed on the Company s
corporate website at https://www.itcportal.com/rpt-policy .
ITC CODE OF CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF
INSIDER TRADING
During the financial year, the Board approved the
revised ITC Code of Conduct for Prevention of
Insider Trading. The said Code, inter alia, prohibits
trading in the securities of the Company by the
Directors and employees while in possession of
unpublished price sensitive information in relation to
the Company or its securities.
OTHER DISCLOSURES / CONFIRMATIONS

During the last three years, there was neither any
instance of non-compliance by the Company nor
any penalty / stricture imposed on the Company by
Stock Exchanges / SEBI / Statutory Authorities with
respect to any matter related to the capital markets.

There are no inter-se relationships between the Directors
and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

During the year, the Company has not entered into
any materially significant related party transaction
which may have potential conflict with the interest of
the Company at large.

The names of Senior Management of the Company
under the Listing Regulations (i.e., CMC Members,
Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary) are
Committees in the Report and Accounts. There were
no changes in the Senior Management during the

The Senior Management of the Company did not enter
into any material financial and commercial transaction
during the year, in which they had personal interest
that may have had potential conflict with the interest of
the Company at large.

During the year, the Company was not required to
obtain credit rating for any debt instrument, fixed
deposit programme or any other scheme involving
mobilisation of funds.

The Company has not raised any funds through
preferential allotment or qualified institutional placement.

None of the Directors of the Company has been
debarred or disqualified from being appointed
or continuing as a Director by SEBI / Ministry of
Corporate Affairs / Statutory Authorities; Certificate
from the Company s Secretarial Auditors confirming
the same is annexed to this Report.

During the year, the Company or its subsidiaries
did not provide any loans or advances (in the nature
of loans) to firms / companies in which Directors of the
Company are interested.

Details with respect to Secretarial Auditors of the
Company and confirmation by the Board regarding
independence of the Independent Directors are
provided in the Report of the Board of Directors &
Management Discussion and Analysis , forming part
of the Report and Accounts.

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013 are provided in the Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report , forming part
of the Report and Accounts.

Information with respect to Commodity Price Risk
or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities
is provided in the Report of the Board of Directors
& Management Discussion and Analysis and in the
Notes to the Financial Statements , forming part of the

In view of the diversified business portfolio of the
Company, its exposure in none of the individual
commodities which are sourced either for use as
inputs in its businesses or for agri-commodity trading
is material in the context of its overall operations,
and also in terms of its Policy for determination of
materiality of events and information for disclosure
to the Stock Exchanges . Accordingly, the disclosure
requirements prescribed under the SEBI Master Circular
dated 30th January, 2026 are not applicable for
the Company.
Report on Corporate Governance
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

The total fees paid during the year by the Company
and its subsidiaries to Messrs. S R B C & CO LLP,
Statutory Auditors, and all entities in the network firm /
network entities which are part of the network of which
the Statutory Auditors are a member firm, aggregate
` 6.87 Crores.

Mr. R. K. Singhi, Executive Vice President &
Company Secretary, is the Compliance Officer under
the Listing Regulations.
DISCRETIONARY
REQUIREMENTS
UNDER
THE
LISTING REGULATIONS
The status of compliance with the discretionary
requirements under the Listing Regulations is provided
below:
1. Separate posts of Chairman and Managing Director
The Chairman of the Company is an Executive
Chairman. The Company has a diversified business
portfolio which demands that senior leadership has
in-depth knowledge and understanding of the
functioning of the Company, so as to enhance the
value-generating capacity of the organisation and
contribute significantly to stakeholders aspirations
and societal expectations. The Chief Executive
is therefore generally chosen from amongst the
executive management of the Company.
2. Non-Executive Chairman s Office: Not applicable.
3. Shareholder Rights: The quarterly, half-yearly and
annual financial results are sent to the Shareholders
and also posted on the Company s corporate website;
extracts of these results are published in newspapers
on an all India basis. Significant events are also
posted on the Company s website under the
Media Centre section.
4. Audit Opinion: IT has always been the Company s
endeavour to present Financial Statements with
unmodified audit opinion, i.e. without any qualification.
The Statutory Auditors have issued an unmodified
audit opinion on the Company s Financial Statements
for the year ended 31st March, 2026.
5. Internal Audit: The Head of Internal Audit reports to
the Audit Committee of the Board.
6. Meeting of Independent Directors: One meeting of
the Independent Directors Committee of the Board
was held during the year, details of which are disclosed
under the heading Committees of the Board -
V. Independent Directors Committee .
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Provided in the Shareholder Information section of the
CONFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE
The Company has complied with the requirements
prescribed under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses
(b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of
the Listing Regulations. The Statutory Auditors Certificate
that the Company has complied with the conditions of
Corporate Governance is annexed to the Report of
the Board of Directors & Management Discussion and
Analysis , forming part of the Report and Accounts.
Report on Corporate Governance
The ITC Code of Conduct is derived from three interlinked
fundamental principles - good corporate governance,
good corporate citizenship and exemplary personal conduct.
Notes
1.
Reference to Division / Divisional Business includes Strategic Business Unit (SBU), Business Vertical and Shared Services.
2.
Reference to Divisional Management Committee includes SBU Management Committee, Shared Services Management Committee and Executive Committee for
Business Vertical.
3.
Reference to Divisional Chief Executive includes Heads of SBU, Business Vertical and Shared Services.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Report on Corporate Governance
ANNEXURE TO THE REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
SKILLS, EXPERTISE AND COMPETENCIES OF DIRECTORS
ITC believes that IT is the collective effectiveness of the Board that impacts Company performance and therefore members of the
Board amongst themselves should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company.
Given the Company s size, scale and diversified nature of its businesses, the Directors should possess one or more of the
following skills, expertise and competencies:
Organisational Purpose
Ability
comprehend
socio-
economic,
political,
competitive environment, both domestic
and global, in which the Company
is operating and insight to identify
opportunities
threats
Company s businesses.
Ability to contribute towards creating
an inspiring Vision for the Company
with superordinate societal goals and
appreciate the Company s triple bottom
line philosophy of building synergy
between serving the society and creating
economic value for the Company.
Stakeholder Value Creation
Ability to understand processes for
shareholder value creation and its
contributory
elements
critique
interventions towards value creation for
the other stakeholders.
Policy Evaluation
Ability to comprehend the Company s
governance philosophy and contribute
towards its refinement periodically.
Ability to evaluate policies, systems
and processes in the context of the
Company s businesses, and review the
same periodically.
Strategic Insight
Ability to evaluate competitive corporate
and business strategies and, based
thereon, contribute towards progressive
refinement of the Company s strategies
for fulfilment of its goals.
Ability to comprehend strategy of
organisation of a diversified company
like ITC, in the context of its unique
sources of competitive advantage and
assess its strengths and weaknesses.
Commercial Acumen
Commercial acumen to critique the
Company s financial performance and
evaluate the Company s strategies
and action plans in the context of their
financial outcomes.
Culture Building
Ability to contribute to the Board s
role towards promoting an ethical
organisational
culture,
eliminating
conflict of interest, and setting & upholding
the highest standards of ethics, integrity
and organisational conduct.
Organisational Capacity Building
Acumen to evaluate organisational
capacity and readiness across relevant
parameters and provide guidance on
bridging gaps in capacity building.
Ability to understand the talent market
and the Company s talent quotient so as
to help finetune strategies to attract, retain
and nurture competitively superior talent.
Ability to appreciate and critique the need
for in-depth specialisation across business
critical areas such as manufacturing,
marketing, legal, information technology,
public advocacy etc., as well as the breadth
of general management capabilities.
Risk Management and Compliance
Ability to appreciate key risks impacting
Company s
businesses
contribute towards development of
systems and controls for risk mitigation
& compliance management and review
and refine the same periodically.
Board Cohesion
Ability to comprehend the statutory roles
and responsibilities of a Director and of
the Board as a whole.
Ability to encourage and sustain a
cohesive working environment and to
listen to multiple views and thought
processes and synergise a range of
ideas for organisational benefit.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Company Secretaries
ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400
Peer Review Cert. No.: 5218/2023
S. N. Ananthasubramanian
Founding Partner
FCS: 4206 | COP No.: 1774
ICSI UDIN: F004206H000270978
The Members of
CIN: L16005WB1910PLC001985
Virginia House, 37 J. L. Nehru Road
Kolkata 700 071
We have examined the following documents:
(a) Declaration of non-disqualification as required under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act );
(b) Disclosure of concern or interest as required under Section 184 of the Act;
(hereinafter referred to as relevant documents )
as submitted by the Directors of ITC Limited ( the Company ) bearing CIN: L16005WB1910PLC001985 and having its registered office at Virginia House,
37 Jawaharlal Nehru Road, Kolkata 700 071, to the Board of Directors of the Company ( the Board ) for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026
and the financial year ending 31st March, 2027 and the relevant registers, records, forms and returns maintained by the Company and made
available to us for the purpose of issuing this Certificate in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V - Para C - Clause 10(i) of the
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. We have considered non-disqualification to include non-debarment
by Regulatory / Statutory Authorities.
IT is the responsibility of the Directors to submit relevant documents with complete and accurate information in accordance with the provisions
of the Act.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the Management of the Company.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these, based on our verification.
Based on our examination as aforesaid and such other verifications carried out by us as deemed necessary and adequate (including status of
Director Identification Number (DIN) on the portal www.mca.gov.in), in our opinion and to the best of our information and knowledge and according
to the explanations provided by the Company, its officers and authorised representatives, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board
of the Company, as listed hereunder for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or
continuing as Directors of the Company by Securities and Exchange Board of India / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.
Sr. No.
Name of the Director
DIN
Date of Appointment
1.
Mr. Sanjiv Puri
00280529
06/12/2015
2.
Mr. Sumant Bhargavan
01732482
16/11/2018
3.
Mr. Supratim Dutta
01804345
22/07/2022
4.
Mr. Hemant Malik
06435812
12/08/2023
5.
Mr. Hemant Bhargava
01922717
20/12/2021
6.
Ms. Alka Marezban Bharucha
00114067
12/08/2023
7.
Mr. Amitabh Kant
00222708
01/01/2026
8.
Mr. Chandra Kishore Mishra
02553126
14/09/2024
9.
Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty
08058830
01/01/2025
10.
Mr. Shyamal Mukherjee
03024803
11/08/2021
11.
Mr. Anand Nayak
00973758
13/07/2019
12.
Dr. Alok Pande
10631871
27/07/2024
13.
Mr. Sunil Panray
09251023
11/08/2021
14.
Ms. Nirupama Rao
06954879
08/04/2016
15.
Mr. Ajit Kumar Seth
08504093
13/07/2019
16.
Mr. Atul Singh
00060943
02/04/2024
17.
Ms. Pushpa Subrahmanyam
01894076
02/04/2024
This Certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management
has conducted the affairs of the Company.
This Certificate has been issued at the request of the Company to make disclosure in its Corporate Governance Report for the financial year
ended 31st March, 2026.
ANNEXURE TO THE REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V - Para C - Clause (10)(i) of Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
4th May, 2026
Thane
*******************
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Report on Corporate Governance

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Details of Annual General Meeting ( AGM )
Date
Thursday, 23rd July, 2026
Venue
The AGM will be held on
electronic platform
Time
10.30 a.m. (IST)
Record Date for
Final Dividend
Wednesday, 27th May, 2026
Dividend Payment
Date
Between Friday, 24th July, 2026 and
Wednesday, 29th July, 2026
Share registration and related services
The in-house Investor Service Centre of the Company
( ISC ) provides share registration and related services to
the Shareholders and Investors. ISC, which is registered
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ),
is accredited with ISO 9001:2015 certification.
Mr. T. K. Ghosal, Head of ISC, is the Compliance Officer
under the SEBI (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer
Agents) Regulations, 2025.
Shareholder / Investor complaints
The Company attends to Shareholder / Investor complaints
within three working days, except where constrained by
disputes or legal impediments.
During the financial year, one complaint, which qualified
as such in terms of the Complaint Identification Policy
of the Company, was received and promptly resolved;
the said complaint related to delay in receipt of
physical copy of the Report and Accounts 2025.
There was no investor complaint pending at the beginning
or at the end of the year.
Shareholder Information
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited
have confirmed that there were no investor complaints
pending against the Company at the end of each quarter
as also on 31st March, 2026; the same position was
also reflected on SCORES, the web-based complaints
redressal system of SEBI.
The designated e-mail ID of the Company for
investor complaints is isc@itc.in .
Share Transfer System
No share transfers in the certificate form were required
to be effected by the Company during the financial year.
Shareholders holding shares in the certificate form are
advised to dematerialise their shares, since transfer of
shares can be effected only in dematerialised form,
except when SEBI opens special window for such
share transfers.
Dematerialisation of Shares
The shares of the Company are traded in the
dematerialised form under both the Depository Systems
in India - NSDL and CDSL. The International Securities
Identification Number ( ISIN ) allotted to the Company s
shares under the Depository System is INE154A01025.
During the financial year, 82,76,473 shares of the
Company, covered in 936 requests and constituting
0.07% of the Issued and Subscribed Share Capital of the
Company, were dematerialised. With this, 99.72% of the
total Share Capital of the Company is held by Shareholders
in dematerialised form. The processing activities with
respect to requests received for dematerialisation
were completed within one to five working days.
Liquidity of Shares
The Company s shares are amongst the most liquid and
actively traded shares on the Indian Stock Exchanges,
and consistently rank among the top frequently traded
shares. As on 31st March, 2026, the Company s market
capitalisation was ` 3,60,473 Crores (US$ 38.01 Billion).

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Shareholder Information
Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March, 2026
Categories of Shareholders as on 31st March, 2026
NRIs
12,05,36,303 shares | 0.96%
Bodies Corporate
12,64,45,663 shares | 1.01%
Financial Institutions, Insurance
Companies, Mutual Funds, Banks
and other Institutions
6,15,63,97,151 shares | 49.14%
Public and Others
1,75,96,47,865 shares | 14.04%
Foreign Portfolio Investors
1,49,33,75,219 shares | 11.92%
Foreign Companies
2,86,99,61,965 shares | 22.91%
Shares underlying Global
Depository Receipts
31,04,065 shares | 0.02%
No. of Shares Slab
No. of Shareholders
%
No. of Shares
%

1 - 5000
41,91,172
98.75
70,02,94,244
5.59

5001 - 10000
24,194
0.57
17,60,51,520
1.41

10001 - 20000
13,854
0.33
19,46,48,737
1.55

20001 - 30000
5,559
0.13
13,76,24,252
1.10

30001 - 40000
2,351
0.05
8,14,55,792
0.65

40001 - 50000
1,614
0.04
7,28,73,497
0.58

50001 - 100000
2,867
0.07
20,11,03,886
1.60
100001 and above
2,646
0.06
1096,54,16,303
87.52
Total
42,44,257
100.00
1252,94,68,231
100.00
Global Depository Receipts ( GDRs )
31,04,065 GDRs representing 31,04,065 underlying shares i.e., 0.02% of the Issued and Subscribed Share Capital of
the Company, were outstanding as on 31st March, 2026.
The Company s GDRs are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Code: 004660919), 35A Boulevard Joseph II,
L-1840, Luxembourg, and the Listing Fee for the calendar year 2026 has been paid to the said Exchange.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Shareholder Information
Stock Exchange
Address
Stock Code
National Stock
Exchange of India
Limited ( NSE )
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai 400 051
ITC
BSE Limited ( BSE )
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street
Mumbai 400 001
500875
Listing of Shares on Stock Exchanges with Stock Code
The Listing Fees for the financial year 2026-27 have been paid to NSE and BSE.
The Ordinary Shares of the Company were voluntarily delisted from The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited with effect from
20th November, 2025.
High and Low Price of Shares traded on NSE and BSE
The Company s share price touched a high of ` 444.20 on NSE on 27th May, 2025 and a low of ` 287.00 on both NSE and
BSE on 30th March, 2026.
Dividend
Total
Dividend for
FY 2025-26
` 14.50
` 8.00
per share
(Final
Dividend)
` 6.50
per share
(Interim
Dividend)
* Includes Final Dividend of ` 8.00 per Share, which is subject to the approval of the Shareholders.
@ Includes Special Dividend of ` 2.75 per Share.
As one of India s foremost private sector companies, the Company has performed consistently for over a century and has
rewarded Shareholders since inception with uninterrupted dividends. Details of dividend for the last 10 financial years are
provided below:
Financial Year
Dividend per Share
(including Interim Dividend)
(`)
Total Dividend
(` in Crores)

14.50 *
18,167.65

14.35
17,956.81

13.75
17,163.10

15.50 @
19,255.08

11.50
14,171.55

10.75
13,230.31

10.15
12,476.63

5.75
7,048.73

5.15
6,285.22

4.75
5,770.01

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Shareholder Information
Financial Calendar
Financial Year 2026-27
(1st April - 31st March)
First Quarter Results
July / August 2026
Second Quarter and Half-Year Results
October / November 2026
Third Quarter Results
January / February 2027
Fourth Quarter and Annual Results
May 2027
Particulars of past three AGMs
AGM
Financial Year
Venue
Date
Time
Special Resolution passed
114th
The AGM was held
on electronic
platform
25/07/2025
10.30 a.m.
(IST)
Re-appointment of Mr. S. Mukherjee as
an Independent Director with effect from
11th August, 2026.
113th
26/07/2024
None
112th
11/08/2023
Appointment of Ms. A. M. Bharucha as an
Independent Director with effect from
12th August, 2023.
Re-appointment of Mr. A. Nayak and
Mr. A. K. Seth as Independent Directors
with effect from 13th July, 2024.
Postal Ballot through E-voting
During the financial year 2025-26, the following Resolutions were passed by the Shareholders by way of postal ballot
through e-voting with overwhelming majority. The Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. R. L. Auddy,
Senior Solicitor and Partner, Messrs. Sandersons & Morgans, Advocates & Solicitors, as the Scrutinizer for scrutinizing
the postal ballot through e-voting. Brief details pertaining to the said postal ballot are provided below:
Appointment of
Mr. A. Kant as an
Independent Director
Re-appointment of
Mr. H. Malik as a
Wholetime Director
Appointment of
Mr. N. Agarwal as a
Non-Executive Director
(Resolution No. 1 -
Special Resolution)
(Resolution No. 2 -
Ordinary Resolution)
(Resolution No. 3 -
Ordinary Resolution)
Date of Postal Ballot Notice
30th October, 2025
29th January, 2026
Date of completion of despatch of
Postal Ballot Notice
15th November, 2025
16th February, 2026
Period of e-voting
16th November, 2025 to 15th December, 2025
17th February, 2026 to
18th March, 2026
Date of declaration of voting results
16th December, 2025
19th March, 2026
The detailed voting results for the aforesaid Resolutions are available on the Company s corporate website
www.itcportal.com under the section Investor Relations .
In addition to the above, Special Resolutions for granting, offering and issuing Stock Appreciation Rights to the
eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiary companies were also passed by the Shareholders through
postal ballot on 10th April, 2025, requisite details in respect of which were disclosed in the Shareholder Information
section of the Report and Accounts 2025.
No special resolution is proposed to be passed by postal ballot.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
CIGARETTE FACTORIES
Bengaluru
1.
Meenakunte Village

Jala Hobli

Bengaluru North Taluk

Karnataka 562 157
Kolkata
2.
93/1, Karl Marx Sarani

Kolkata

West Bengal 700 043
Munger
3.
Basdeopur P.O.

District Munger

Bihar 811 202
Pune
4.
Plot No. B - 27, MIDC

Ranjangaon, Taluka Shirur

District Pune

Maharashtra 412 220
Saharanpur
5.
Sardar Patel Marg

Saharanpur

Uttar Pradesh 247 001
FOODS FACTORIES
Agra
1.
13.2 Km. Stone, Shamshabad Road

Village Naufri

Post Shyamo, Agra

Uttar Pradesh 283 125
Bikaner
2.
Plot No. F-16

Bichhawal Industrial Area

Phase II, Bikaner

Rajasthan 334 006
Haridwar
3.
Plot No. 1, Sector - 11

Integrated Industrial Estate

Haridwar

Uttarakhand 249 403
Jaitpura
4.
Plot Nos. F-170-171 & G-172-173

Jaitpura Industrial Area, Jaipur

Rajasthan 303 704
Jammu
5.
Khasra Nos. 74, 78 & 117

Bari Brahmana, Village Rakh Rajpur

Jammu, Samba

Jammu & Kashmir 181 133
Kamrup
6.
NH - 37, Bortejpur

Mouza Rampur

Kukurmara, District Kamrup

Assam 781 134
Kapurthala
7.
Plot Nos. A-1-A & A-1-B

Integrated Mixed Use Industrial Park

Village Jhalthikriwal

District Kapurthala

Punjab 144 601
Khordha
8.
IDCO Plot No. 4

Kholadwara Industrial Area

District Khordha

Odisha 752 050
Malur
9.
Survey Nos. 15/1 & 15/2

Madivala Gram Panchayat

Village Yeshwanthpura

District Kolar

Karnataka 563 130
Medak
10. 395-412, 416, 417, 447, 449-451

Next to TSTransco Sub-station

Manoharabad, Medak

Telangana 502 336
Medchal
11. Survey No. 69/Part

Gundlapochampally, Medchal

District Medchal-Malkajgiri

Telangana 500 401
12. Survey No. 659

Deverayamjal, Shamirpet

District Medchal-Malkajgiri

Telangana 500 078
13. Survey No. 659/A/10

Deverayamjal, Shamirpet

District Medchal-Malkajgiri

Telangana 500 078
Munger
14. Sitakund Industrial Area

Village Nandlalpur, District Munger

Bihar 811 202
Nanjangud
15. Survey No. 77/3

Thandya Industrial Area

Immavu & Adakanahalli Villages

Nanjangud Taluk, District Mysuru

Karnataka 571 302
Panchla
16. Mouza Kulai, J. L. No. 26

P.S. Panchla, District Howrah

West Bengal 711 322
Pudukkottai
17. Vadugapatti & Velur Villages

Taluk Illupur, District Pudukkottai

Tamil Nadu 621 316
Pune
18. Plot No. D - 1, MIDC

Ranjangaon, Taluka Shirur

District Pune

Maharashtra 412 220
Reengus
19. F-122 & F-126

Shree Khatu Shyam Industrial Area

Reengus, District Sikar

Rajasthan 332 404
Sankrail
20. F-21, Sudharas Food Park

Kandua Gram Panchayat

P.S. Sankrail, Howrah

West Bengal 711 302
Uluberia
21. Mouza Amraberia, J. L. No. 8

P.S. Uluberia, District Howrah

West Bengal 711 303
GREEN LEAF THRESHING PLANTS
Anaparthi
1.
Anaparthi

District East Godavari

Andhra Pradesh 533 342
Chirala
2.
Chirala

District Bapatla

Andhra Pradesh 523 157
Nanjangud
3.
Thandya Industrial Area

Immavu & Adakanahalli Villages

Nanjangud Taluk, District Mysuru

Karnataka 571 302
PACKAGING & PRINTING FACTORIES
Chennai
1.
Tiruvottiyur

Chennai

Tamil Nadu 600 019
Haridwar
2.
Plot No. 1, Sector - 11

Integrated Industrial Estate

Haridwar

Uttarakhand 249 403
Munger
3.
Basdeopur P.O.

District Munger

Bihar 811 202
Nadiad
4.
Memdabad - Nadiad Road

Village Silod, Taluka Nadiad

District Kheda

Gujarat 387 320
PAPER & PAPERBOARD MILLS
Bollaram
1.
Anrich Industrial Estate

Bollaram Municipality

Jinnaram Mandal

District Sangareddy

Telangana 502 325
Sarapaka
2.
Sarapaka Village

Burgampahad Mandal

District Bhadradri Kothagudem

Telangana 507 128
Thekkampatty
3.
Thekkampatty Village

Vivekanandapuram Post

Mettupalayam Taluk

District Coimbatore

Tamil Nadu 641 113
Tribeni
4.
Village & Post Chandrahati

District Hooghly

West Bengal 712 504
Plant Locations
Shareholder Information

Shareholder Information
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
PERSONAL CARE PRODUCTS
FACTORIES
Haridwar
1.
Plot No. 1, Sector - 11

Integrated Industrial Estate, Haridwar

Uttarakhand 249 403
Kamrup
2.
NH - 37, Bortejpur

Mouza Rampur

Kukurmara, District Kamrup

Assam 781 134
Manpura
3.
Village Manpura

Tehsil Baddi, District Solan

Himachal Pradesh 174 101
Uluberia
4.
Village Maheshpur

J.L. No. 56, P.O. Birshibpur

P.S. Uluberia, District Howrah

West Bengal 711 316
SPICES PROCESSING PLANT
Guntur
Plot Nos. 1, 2 & 2A, Spices Park
Mydavolu Village, Edlapadu Mandal
District Guntur
Andhra Pradesh 522 233
PLANTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION
Bhiwadi
1.
Integrated Consumer Goods

Manufacturing Facility

Village Matawas, Bhiwadi

Taluk Tijara

Rajasthan 301 019
Sandila
2.
Integrated Consumer Goods

Manufacturing Facility

Plot No. H-1, Industrial Area, Phase II

Village Samodha, Sandila, District Hardoi

Uttar Pradesh 241 204
CHOUPAL SAAGARS -
RURAL SERVICES CENTRES
Amravati
1.
Patwari Halka No. 48

Mouza Devlgaon

Pargane Nandgaon Peth

Taluka & District Amravati

Maharashtra 444 602
Badaun
2.
Arazi Nos. 10 & 12/3 (Part)

Village Khunak, Tehsil & District Badaun

Uttar Pradesh 243 601
Bahraich
3.
Khasra Nos. 475-476, 477 (Part),

496-kha (Part), 497, 498 (Part),

500-Mi, 501-505, 507 & 509

Village Mohammad Nagar

Tehsil, Pargana & District Bahraich

Uttar Pradesh 271 801
Chandauli
4.
Khasra Nos. 57-62 & 641

Village Muhabatpur, Ganj Khwaja

Pargana Dhoos, Tehsil Sakaldiha

District Chandauli

Uttar Pradesh 232 104
Chindwara
5.
Survey Nos. 16/1-16/2 & 16/4-16/7

Settlement No. 7

Patwari Halka No. 34, R. I. Circle

Village Imaliya Bohata, Chindwara - I

Tehsil & District Chindwara

Madhya Pradesh 480 001
Dewas
6.
Survey Nos. 294/2 & 295

Patwari Halka No. 26

Village Lohar Pipliya

Tehsil & District Dewas

Madhya Pradesh 455 001
Dhar
7.
Survey No. 438, Patwari Halka No. 13

Village Jaitpura, Tehsil & District Dhar

Madhya Pradesh 454 001
Gonda
8.
Arazi Nos. 420 (Part), 421-424, 427- 428,

431, 433-434, 442-446, 447 (Part),

448 (Part), 450-456, 456 (kha) & 457 (Part)

Village Haripur, Tehsil & District Gonda

Uttar Pradesh 271 001
Hardoi
9.
Arazi Nos. 658 & 659

Village Korriyan, Pargana Gopamau

Tehsil & District Hardoi

Uttar Pradesh 241 001
Hathras
10. Khasra No. 21, Village Srinagar

Tehsil Sasni, District Hathras

Uttar Pradesh 204 216
Itarsi
11. Survey Nos. 309/1, 310/2 & 310/3

Patwari Halka No. 11

Village Raisalpur

Tehsil Itarsi, District Hoshangabad

Madhya Pradesh 461 111
Jagdishpur
12. Khasra Nos. 2377-2380

Village Kathura, Pargana Jagdishpur

Tehsil Musafirkhana, District Amethi

Uttar Pradesh 227 817
Mandsaur
13. Survey Nos. 30-33

Patwari Halka No. 14, Village Azizkhedi

Tehsil & District Mandsaur

Madhya Pradesh 458 001
Mhow
14. Survey Nos. 188/2, 189/1, 189/2, 189/4,

190/1,191 & 192/2

Patwari Halka No. 20

Village Gawli Palasia, Vikaskhand Mhow

Tehsil Mhow, District Indore

Madhya Pradesh 453 441
Nagda
15. Khasra Nos. 1393 (Part), 1394 (Part),

1396/1 & 1397/1

Patwari Halka No. 18

Village Padliya Kala

Tehsil Nagda, District Ujjain

Madhya Pradesh 456 335
Parbhani
16. Gate No. 803

Near Water Filter Plant, Village Assola

Vasmat Road, Taluka & District Parbhani

Maharashtra 431 401
Pilibhit
17. Khasra No. 261

Village Sandiya Mustakil

Tehsil, Pargana & District Pilibhit

Uttar Pradesh 262 001
Ratlam
18. Survey Nos. 107/1-107/3

R. I. Circle No. 5, Moondri

Patwari Halka No. 31

Village Kharakhedi

Tehsil & District Ratlam

Madhya Pradesh 457 001
Sehore
19. Khasra Nos. 208-209

Patwari Halka No. 36

Village Rafiqganj, Tehsil & District Sehore

Madhya Pradesh 466 001
Ujjain
20. Survey Nos. 433/3, 456 & 458

R. I. Circle No. 2, Patwari Halka No. 19

Village Kamed, Tehsil Ghattia, District Ujjain

Madhya Pradesh 456 001
Vidisha
21. New Revenue Survey Nos. 18 & 18/2

Patwari Halka Nos. 35 & 45

Village Bais, Tehsil & District Vidisha

Madhya Pradesh 464 001
Wardha
22. Survey Nos. 151/1 & 151/4

Wardha - Hinghaghat Road, Inzapur

Taluka & District Wardha

Maharashtra 442 001
Washim
23. Survey No. 104

Patwari Halka No. 10

Mouza Zakalwadi

Taluka & District Washim

Maharashtra 444 505
Yavatmal
24. Bhumapan # 15/2A

Village Parwa, Pandharkoda Road

Taluka & District Yavatmal

Maharashtra 445 001

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Service of Documents
In accordance with the regulatory requirements, the Notice of the 115th AGM of the Company and the
Report and Accounts 2026 will be sent through electronic mode to those Shareholders who have registered their
e-mail address with the Company or the Depositories; a communication providing web-links for accessing these documents
will be sent to the other Shareholders. Physical copies of the Notice and the Report and Accounts will be provided to the
Shareholders upon request.
Shareholders who have not yet registered their e-mail address with the Company are requested to register the same at
https://eform.itcportal.com .
Dividend
The Final Dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 will be paid through electronic mode, in accordance with
the regulatory requirements. Shareholders who have not yet registered their bank details for such electronic remittance of
dividend are advised to do so at the earliest with their Depository Participants ( DPs ), if the shares are held in the
dematerialised form, or with ISC in respect of shares held in the certificate form. Shareholders holding shares in the
certificate form may use the prescribed Form No. ISR-1 for this purpose, which is available on the Company s corporate
website at https://www.itcportal.com/form or can be furnished by ISC on request.
Pursuant to the Income-tax Act, 2025, dividend income is taxable in the hands of the Shareholders and the Company is
required to deduct tax at source from such dividend at the prescribed rates. A communication with detailed information and
instructions regarding tax on the Final Dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 will be sent to the Shareholders
in due course.
Transfer of unclaimed dividend and shares to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
During the financial year 2025-26, unclaimed dividend for the financial year 2017-18 and shares in respect of which dividend
entitlements remained unclaimed for seven consecutive years were transferred by the Company to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund established by the Central Government ( IEPF ), in accordance with the regulatory requirements, as detailed below:
Shareholder Referencer
The due dates for transfer of unclaimed dividend and the shares to the IEPF for the subsequent financial years are
given in the table below. Attention is drawn that the unclaimed dividend for the financial year 2018-19 and the shares
in respect of which dividend entitlements remain unclaimed for seven consecutive years will be due for transfer to the
IEPF on 12th August, 2026. Separate communication for this purpose has been sent to the concerned Shareholders
advising them to write to ISC to claim their dividend, and notices in this regard have also been published in the
newspapers. Details of such unclaimed dividend and shares are available on the Company s corporate website at
http://info-dividend-shares.itcportal.com/popup_new.aspx and http://info-dividend-shares.itcportal.com/popupiepf.aspx ,
respectively.
Shareholders may claim their unclaimed dividend for the years prior to and including the financial year 2017-18 and the shares
from the IEPF Authority by following the process given below:
Unclaimed Dividend transferred to IEPF
Shares transferred to IEPF
Financial
Year
Dividend transferred
(` in Crores)
No. of Shares
transferred
20.91
02/09/2025
17,42,794
18/09/2025
ISC will verify
the physical
and submit
the Report on
the MCA Portal,
either approving
the claim or
highlighting any
deficiencies
Send
physical
copies
of the filed
Form with
supporting
to ISC
Submit
the claim
by filing
Form IEPF 5
on the
MCA Portal
along with
self attested
copies of
required
IEPF
Authority
will approve
the claim or
seek further
clarifications,
as required
Upon approval,
dividend
and / or
shares will be
electronically
transferred to
the Claimant s
bank and / or
demat account

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Shareholder Referencer
*****************
Address for Correspondence with ISC
Investor Service Centre
37. Jawaharlal Nehru Road
Kolkata 700 071
Telephone nos.
: 1800-345-8152 (toll free), 033-2288 6426 / 0034
Facsimile no.
: 033-2288 2358
e-mail
: isc@itc.in
Website
: www.itcportal.com
Shareholder Service Portal : https://eform.itcportal.com
Shareholders holding shares in the dematerialised form should address their correspondence to the DPs, other than for
dividend and Report and Accounts which should be addressed to ISC.
Shareholders are requested to provide their DP ID & Client ID / folio number, e-mail address and contact number to facilitate
prompt and efficient investor servicing.
* ISC will be able to entertain any claim in respect of the same only up to 11/08/2026.
Unclaimed Shares
The status of unclaimed shares of the Company transferred to the demat account, ITC Limited - Unclaimed Suspense Account ,
in accordance with the regulatory requirements, is as follows:
* Voting rights in respect of these shares will remain frozen till the time such shares are transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense Account to the
concerned Shareholders.
Transfer of unclaimed dividend and shares to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (Contd.)
Financial
Year
Dividend
Date of
declaration
of Dividend
Total Dividend
(` in Crores)
Unclaimed Dividend
as on 31/03/2026
Due date for
transfer of Dividend and
Shares to IEPF
(` in Crores)
%
Final Dividend
12/07/2019
7,048.73
17.96
0.25
12/08/2026 *
Final Dividend
04/09/2020
12,476.63
27.70
0.22
05/10/2027
Interim Dividend
11/02/2021
6,152.68
14.56
0.24
15/03/2028
Final Dividend
11/08/2021
7,077.63
16.62
0.23
13/09/2028
Interim Dividend
03/02/2022
6,469.48
14.77
0.23
07/03/2029
Final Dividend
20/07/2022
7,702.07
17.29
0.22
22/08/2029
Interim Dividend
03/02/2023
7,448.41
16.69
0.22
08/03/2030
Final Dividend
11/08/2023
11,806.67
27.78
0.24
11/09/2030
Interim Dividend
29/01/2024
7,799.49
17.29
0.22
05/03/2031
Final Dividend
26/07/2024
9,363.61
30.59
0.33
26/08/2031
Interim Dividend
06/02/2025
8,133.18
18.32
0.23
10/03/2032
Final Dividend
25/07/2025
9,823.63
22.09
0.22
25/08/2032
Interim Dividend
29/01/2026
8,144.08
21.43
0.26
02/03/2033
Particulars
No. of
Shareholders
No. of
Shares
Aggregate number of Shareholders and outstanding shares held in the Unclaimed Suspense Account
as on 1st April, 2025
14,78,090
Number of Shareholders who approached the Company during the year for transfer of shares from the
Unclaimed Suspense Account
40,058
Number of Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense Account upon
receipt and verification of necessary documents
46,551
Number of shares in respect of which dividend entitlements remained unclaimed for seven consecutive
years and transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense Account to IEPF
1,87,895
Aggregate number of Shareholders and outstanding shares held in the Unclaimed Suspense Account
12,43,644 *

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
SOCIO-ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
Global growth improved marginally from 3.3% in 2024
to 3.4% in 2025, albeit remaining appx. 30 bps below
the pre-pandemic average of 3.7% p.a. (2010-19)1.
Growth in 2025 was supported, inter alia, by sustained
AI-led investment in technology, accommodative fiscal
and monetary policies and relatively favourable financial
conditions, largely offset by headwinds from high trade
barriers and heightened global uncertainty. Growth inched
up from 1.8% in 2024 to 1.9% in 2025 in Advanced
Economies, driven by improvement in Euro Area and
Japan, even as growth in the United States moderated
from 2.8% in 2024 to 2.1% in 2025. Emerging Markets
& Developing Economies grew at subdued rate of 4.4%
in 2025 (vs 4.5% in 2024), with stronger growth in India
and the Middle East largely offsetting slower growth in
Brazil and Russia.
In 2026, global growth is expected to moderate to 3.1%,
largely reflecting the impact of the ongoing West Asia
conflict, with the effects likely to be more pronounced
for commodity-importing Emerging Market & Developing
Economies - particularly in low-income developing
countries with pre-existing economic vulnerabilities
and limited buffers1. Growth in Advanced Economies is
projected to moderate to 1.8% in 2026, as slower growth
in the Euro Area, Japan and the UK is expected to more
than offset relatively stronger growth in the United States.
Growth in Emerging Markets & Developing Economies
is expected to decelerate by 50 bps to 3.9% in 2026.
The duration and intensity of the West Asia conflict
will remain a key monitorable for global growth, while
renewed inflationary pressures from energy prices and
volatility in financial markets could further cloud the global
macroeconomic outlook.
India continued to be one of the fastest growing major
economies in FY 2025-26, with Real GDP growth of 7.6%
(vs 7.1% in FY 2024-25) as per RBI estimates. Domestic
economic activity remained resilient, particularly in the
second half of the year, supported by private consumption,
improving rural and urban demand conditions, income tax
rate cuts, GST rate rationalisation and monetary easing.
Headline inflation eased in the first half of the year, driven
by benign food inflation supported by higher domestic
production and favourable monsoons. However, inflation
firmed up in the second half, reaching 3.4% in March
2026, reflecting an uptick in food prices and higher global
energy prices following disruptions in West Asia. From
a supply side perspective, Manufacturing sector growth
strengthened to 11.5% from 9.3% in FY 2024-25, while
the Services sector remained robust at 8.7% against 7.8%
in FY 2024-25. Growth in Agriculture, however, moderated
to 2.4% from 4.2% in FY 2024-25, reflecting the impact
of benign food inflation in agricultural commodities and
weather disruptions.
India s macroeconomic outlook remains relatively resilient,
with Real GDP projected to grow by 6.9% in FY 2026-27
as per RBI estimates, supported by favourable agricultural
prospects,
steady
services
activity,
Government s
continued thrust on capital expenditure and supportive
monetary and financial conditions. Bilateral trade deals
negotiated recently with the US, UK, the EU, New Zealand
and Oman, augur well for India s overall growth outlook.
Rural consumption is expected to be supported by
resilient rural wages and declining unemployment.
Urban consumption is also expected to strengthen,
supported by measures aimed at boosting disposable
incomes and consumption, alongside a recovery in
consumer credit. Healthy corporate and bank balance
sheets, low interest rates and capacity utilisation of
appx. 75% provide a supportive foundation for a revival
Management Discussion and Analysis
For the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026
&
1. IMF WEO April 26
India s macroeconomic outlook remains relatively resilient,
supported by favourable agricultural prospects, steady services
activity, Government s continued thrust on capital expenditure and
supportive monetary and financial conditions.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
in private sector capital expenditure. The ongoing
West Asia conflict has heightened concerns around
India s energy security and imported inflation. A prolonged
disruption, coupled with emerging El Niño conditions
that could weaken monsoons and intensify heatwaves,
poses risks to growth, inflation and the Current Account.
These factors may also have second order impacts on
consumer sentiment and demand conditions and remain
key monitorables in the near term.
Notwithstanding the near term challenges, the Indian
economy is well-poised for rapid growth in the medium
term, supported by structural drivers such as a
favourable demographic profile, rising affluence, rapid
urbanisation, accelerated digital adoption and improved
infrastructure & connectivity. The Government of India s
sustained focus on Next-Gen physical and digital
public infrastructure, enhancing the competitiveness
of the manufacturing ecosystem, advancing taxation
and financial sector reforms, and improving ease of
doing business is expected to support sustainable
growth and strengthen India s global competitiveness.
Higher capital expenditure outlays, together with a focus
on integrated industrial ecosystems and infrastructure, are
expected to support growth in domestic manufacturing.
At the same time, agriculture-related schemes and digital
initiatives are expected to strengthen rural prosperity and
resilience, thereby fostering a broader virtuous cycle of
consumption-investment-employment.
Policy interventions aimed at supporting sustainable
livelihoods, rationalising taxation and fostering inclusive
growth will remain critical to sustain and accelerate
India s growth trajectory. In this context, the development
of agriculture and wood-based value chains assumes
particular importance in the Indian context, given
their potential to advance multiple national priorities.
Structural support directed towards these sectors will
enable significant multiplier effects for job creation and
strengthening domestic value chains.
India is among the world s leading producers of several
agricultural
milk,
rice,
wheat,
sugarcane, cotton, pulses, spices and fruits & vegetables.
India s agricultural exports have shown strong momentum
in recent years, reaching US$ 52.6 billion in FY 2025-26,
supported by a balanced mix of traditional strengths and
emerging high-value segments, alongside continued
diversification across product categories. However, India s
share of global agri-trade remains modest at around 3%,
underscoring the substantial headroom to strengthen
global
competitiveness.
Enhancing
agricultural
productivity and value addition to international standards,
while simultaneously improving market linkages, remain
critical to enhance competitiveness of the agri sector and
drive significant increase in farmers income.
The increasing frequency and severity of extreme weather
events, including droughts and floods, underscore the
imperative to strengthen climate resilience and adaptability
across the agri-food sector. A significant increase in
crop production and productivity, backed by digital tools,
climate smart agriculture and crop diversification, will be
critical in meeting the growing needs of an increasing
population and ensuring economic resilience for farmers.
Evolving consumer preferences are increasingly favouring
health, functional nutrition, and traceable, sustainably
sourced food products. These developments accentuate
the need to enhance the competitiveness of agri value
chains to cater to the fast-evolving market requirements.
India, with its inherent strengths and strategic investments
in this sector, has a unique opportunity to play a
leading role in this global transition and to help shape
a stronger ecosystem for sustainable, regenerative and
climate-smart agriculture.
In this regard, the Government s sustained thrust on
strengthening and scaling Farmer Producer Organisations
(FPOs) holds immense potential to catalyse agricultural
transformation by leveraging economies of scale, enabling
sustainable agriculture, supporting market-led production
creating
larger
market
access.
Government
interventions encouraging private and public investment
in post-harvest activities including aggregation, modern
storage, efficient supply chain, primary and secondary
The Government of India s sustained focus on Next-Gen physical and digital public
infrastructure, enhancing the competitiveness of the manufacturing ecosystem,
advancing taxation and financial sector reforms, improving ease of
doing business, is expected to support sustainable growth and
strengthen India s global competitiveness.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
processing, marketing and branding, along with measures
to harness the power of agri-tech across the agri value
chain are steps in the right direction and towards unlocking
the full potential of the agri sector.
Your Company has adopted targeted collaborative
models to multiply the scale and impact of its agri and rural
interventions. This collaborative approach, as opposed
to a traditional transactional approach, can contribute
meaningfully towards building next generation agriculture
that is climate resilient and capable of supporting gainful
livelihoods. Digitalisation of agriculture also offers the
potential to increase productivity and foster structural
changes across the value chain thereby enabling efficient
use of resources. ITCMAARS (Metamarket for Advanced
Agriculture and Rural Services), that combines the power
of cutting-edge digital technologies with NextGen agri
practices, has scaled up rapidly and currently covers
over 2.6 million farmers and over 2,184 FPOs, across
11 states and over 25,000 villages. Further details on this
transformative initiative are provided in the Agri Business
section of this Report.
IT is pertinent to note that a substantial quantum of food is
wasted along the chain in India, depending on the season
and the inherent perishability of the crop. Higher levels of
food processing in the economy can create a much larger
pull for quality agri-commodities, thereby reducing farm
wastages and raising farm incomes. This would require
focused investments in developing product-specific
climate-controlled infrastructure as well as in branded
products that benefit large agri value chains. Corporate
participation is essential not only to invest in requisite
infrastructure, but also to provide assured market linkages
to farmers. A strong focus on India s food processing
sector can play a pivotal role in catalysing a large multiplier
effect, leading to significant job creation, enhanced rural
incomes and sustainable management of food inflation.
Similarly, the Agro-forestry sector, as a source of raw
material for wood-based industry, is woefully constrained
by policies that not only impede job creation in India but
also promote avoidable imports. Recent central policy
interventions to enable plantations on degraded forest
land is a commendable step towards addressing these
challenges. However, appropriate regulatory changes are
required to be effected by the state governments to realise
the full potential of agro forestry in the country.
Your Company s interventions across its operating
segments are aligned to the national priorities of
enhancing
competitiveness
Indian
agriculture
industry,
generating
employment
opportunities and supporting sustainable livelihoods,
driving import substitution, creating national brands to
maximise value capture in India, increasing Indian agri
exports and promoting sustainable business practices.
Investments made by your Company continue to be
guided by the national objectives of Make in India and
Doubling Farmers Income and the overarching theme
of Aatma Nirbhar Bharat that seeks to make the country
stronger, resilient and more competitive.
Your Company had earlier collaborated with CGIAR s
Climate Change and Food Security Programme to
create a template for Climate Smart Villages (CSVs),
under the Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA) programme.
The template has since been further strengthened by your
Company basis the field experiences and now covers
7,055 villages across 12 States covering over 25.50 lakh
acres, supporting farmers in the management of risks
arising from erratic weather events.
Including the acreage in CSVs, the CSA programme
now covers over 31.93 lakh acres in 17 states. Further,
as per the studies done by reputed ICAR - Agricultural
Technology Application Research Institute, Kanpur, the
CSA practices promoted in Rice (Direct Seeded Rice) and
Wheat (Zero Tillage) crops together have demonstrated
reduction of costs by over 20%, improvement in yields
by around 10% and consequently, increase in net returns
by over 23% as compared to conventional practices.
Your Company continues to advance sustainable
inclusive
Public-Private Partnerships with Government institutions,
leveraging your Company s execution capabilities and
innovation alongside the Government s scale, outreach,
Investments made by your Company continue to be guided by the
national objectives of Make in India and Doubling Farmers Income and
the overarching theme of Aatma Nirbhar Bharat that seeks to make
the country stronger, resilient and more competitive.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
and institutional strengths. Several of these partnerships
are focused on agriculture and allied sectors, including
water stewardship and biodiversity, having a direct
bearing on agricultural sustainability. One such successful
partnership was with Niti Aayog, which focused on
enhancing agriculture and allied activities across
27 Aspirational Districts in eight states. Your Company
is now extending its collaborative framework to other
impactful initiatives. Further, your Company has recently
undertaken the expansion of the CSV programme to
10,000 villages in Madhya Pradesh, in partnership with
the Rajiv Gandhi Watershed Management Mission and the
Farmer Welfare and Agriculture Development Department,
Madhya Pradesh.
Although India accounts for appx. 18% of the
world population, its share of natural resources is
disproportionately low with only 2% of global land mass,
4% of freshwater resources and 2% of forest resources. IT
is more critical than ever before to redouble efforts, both at
the national and corporate level, to fashion strategies that
foster sustainable, equitable and inclusive growth.
IT is your Company s belief that businesses can bring
about transformational change by pursuing innovative
business models that synergise the creation of sustainable
livelihoods and the preservation of natural capital while
enhancing shareholder value. This Triple Bottom Line
approach to creating larger stakeholder value , as opposed
to merely focusing on uni-dimensional shareholder value
creation, is the driving force that defines your Company s
sustainability vision and its growth path into the future.
Your Company is a global exemplar in Triple Bottom Line
performance. The focus on creating unique business
models that generate substantial livelihoods across the
value chains has led to your Company s Businesses
supporting nearly nine million sustainable livelihoods,
many of whom belong to the weaker sections of society.
Your Company sustained its AA rating by MSCI ESG
for the eighth successive year. Further, your Company
continued to feature in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class
(DJ BIC) Emerging Markets Index - a reflection of being
a sustainability leader in the industry and a recognition of
its continued commitment to people and planet. Further
details on this subject are available in the Sustainability
2.0 section of this Report.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Your Company delivered a resilient performance during
the year amidst a challenging macroeconomic and
operating environment.
-
The
FMCG-Others
Segment
delivered
performance with double-digit Revenue growth,
notwithstanding heightened competitive intensity. After
a relatively subdued first half, revenue in the second
half of the year witnessed double-digit growth. Overall,
all major categories viz. Staples, Biscuits, Noodles,
Dairy, Premium Personal Wash, Homecare and
Incense Sticks witnessed broad-based growth. Robust
growth momentum continued in NewGen channels
(viz. e-Commerce, Quick Commerce & Modern
Trade) and premium portfolio. Input prices of major
commodities (viz. edible oil, wheat, maida, cocoa, soap
noodles, etc.) remained at elevated levels, following
sharp escalations in the previous year, the impact
of which was progressively mitigated through smart
net revenue management, portfolio premiumisation
and focused cost management initiatives. Trade and
marketing investments were sustained at competitive
levels to support growth and market standing.
-
The FMCG-Cigarettes Segment witnessed sustained
growth momentum driven by strong performance
across differentiated and premium offerings. Strategic
portfolio and market interventions continued to be
made, with focus on competitive belts & to counter
illicit trade and reinforce market standing.
-
The Agri Business Segment delivered a resilient
despite
challenging
operating
environment marked by global trade disruptions,
geopolitical
uncertainty
restrictions
agri-commodity trading. The Business continued
IT is your Company s belief that businesses can bring about
transformational change by pursuing innovative business models that
synergise the creation of sustainable livelihoods and the preservation of
natural capital while enhancing shareholder value.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
to sharpen its strategic focus on scaling up the
value-added agri products portfolio across multiple
value chains. The Leaf Tobacco business further
consolidated its position as the largest Indian exporter
of unmanufactured tobacco.
-
The Paperboards, Paper & Packaging Segment
continued to operate in a challenging environment,
with low-priced Chinese and Indonesian supplies in
global markets including India, soft domestic demand
conditions, leading to subdued realisations. Wood
costs remained elevated during the year, weighing
on margins. There was significant improvement in
performance in the second half of the year aided
by moderation in wood prices and increase in
realisations pursuant to the imposition of Minimum
Import Price (MIP) on imports of Virgin Paperboards,
and firming up of global pulp prices. The Packaging
and Printing Business delivered resilient performance
and continues to be acknowledged as a first choice
packaging partner by several reputed FMCG
companies for providing superior and cost-effective
packaging solutions.
Overall
FY
2025-262,
Gross
Revenue
` 80867.49 crores increased by 10.1%, while EBITDA
increased by 4.9% to ` 25208.22 crores. Profit Before
Exceptional Items and Tax at ` 26951.47 crores grew
by 3.7% over previous year and Profit After Tax stood
at ` 20286.42 crores (previous year ` 20093.29 crores).
Total Comprehensive Income for the year stood at
` 19476.46 crores. Earnings Per Share for the year stood
at ` 16.20 (previous year ` 16.07).
The Directors of your Company are pleased to recommend
a Final Dividend of ` 8.00 per share for the financial
year ended 31st March, 2026. Together with the Interim
Dividend of ` 6.50 per share paid on 27th February 2026,
the total Dividend for the financial year ended 31st March,
2026 amounts to ` 14.50 per share (previous year Dividend
of ` 14.35 per share). Total cash outflow on account of
Dividend (including Interim Dividend of ` 8144.00 crores
paid in February 2026) will be ` 18167.57 crores.
VALUE-ADDED AND CONTRIBUTION TO EXCHEQUER
Over the last five years, the Value-Added by your
Company, i.e., the value created by the economic activities
of your Company and its employees, aggregated over
` 343000 crores, of which over ` 230000 crores accrued
to the Exchequer.
Including the share of dividends paid and retained
earnings attributable to government owned institutions,
your Company s contribution to the Central and state
governments represented appx. 76% of its Value-Added
Your Company has, over the years, consistently ranked
amongst the Top 3 Indian corporates in the private sector
in terms of Contribution to the Exchequer.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS
Your Company continues to view foreign exchange
earnings as a priority. All Businesses in your Company s
portfolio are mandated to engage with overseas markets
with a view to testing and demonstrating international
competitiveness and seeking profitable opportunities for
growth. Foreign exchange earnings of the ITC Group over
the last ten years aggregated nearly US$ 10.1 billion, of
which agri exports constituted appx. 60%. Earnings from
agri exports, which effectively link small farmers with
international markets, are an indicator of your Company s
contribution to the rural economy.
During FY 2025-26, your Company and its subsidiaries
earned ` 11204 crores in foreign exchange. The direct
foreign exchange earned by your Company amounted
to ` 8286 crores, mainly on account of exports of
agri-commodities.
Your
Company s
in foreign currency amounted to ` 3441 crores,
comprising purchase of raw materials, spares and other
expenses of ` 3078 crores and import of capital goods of
` 363 crores.
2 Includes the effect of amalgamation of Sresta Natural Bioproducts Private
Limited and Wimco Limited
Foreign exchange earnings of the ITC Group over the last 10 years
aggregated nearly US$ 10.1 billion, of which agri exports constituted appx. 60%,
which effectively link small farmers with international markets and is an indicator of
your Company s contribution to the rural economy.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
PROFITS, DIVIDENDS AND RETAINED EARNINGS
PROFITS
a) Profit before exceptional items and tax from
continuing operations
26951.47
26002.30
b) Exceptional Items (refer note 29 (i) to the
Standalone Financial Statements)
(183.87)
527.96
c) Profit before tax from continuing operations
26767.60
26530.26
d) Tax expense

- Current Tax

- Deferred Tax
5882.16
659.02
5990.17
446.80
e) Profit for the year from continuing operations
20286.42
20093.29
f) Profit for the year from discontinued
-
15103.76
g) Profit for the year (e + f)
20286.42
35197.05
h) Other Comprehensive Income
(809.96)
(929.38)
i) Total Comprehensive Income
19476.46
34267.67
STATEMENT OF RETAINED EARNINGS
a) At the beginning of the year
47729.22
34480.09
b) Add: Profit for the year
20286.42
35197.05
c) Add: Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax)
(25.70)
(23.66)
d) Add: Transfer from Share Options
Outstanding Account on lapse
3.05
1.00
e) Less: Dividends
- Final Dividend of ` 7.85
(2025: ` 7.50) per share
9823.58
9363.54
- Interim Dividend of ` 6.50
(2025: ` 6.50) per share
8144.00
8133.11
- Income Tax on Dividend paid (refund)
-
(19.45)
f) Less: Transfer to General Reserve
-
4448.06
g) Add: Transfer from Subsidy Reserve
0.14
h) At the end of the year
50025.55
47729.22
(` in crores)
FMCG CIGARETTES
Your Company s leadership position in the cigarette
industry continues to be driven by its unwavering focus on
nurturing a future-ready portfolio of world-class products
anchored on its integrated seed-to-smoke value chain,
superior consumer insights, robust innovation pipeline
and world-class product development capabilities.
During the year, the Business continued to make
strategic portfolio and market interventions, with focus
on competitive belts, to counter illicit trade and reinforce
market standing.
-
The Business strengthened its presence in focus
markets with the launch of several differentiated
offerings across segments, demonstrating agility in
responding to evolving market dynamics.
-
Several innovative variants have been introduced
recently under the Classic , Gold Flake , American
Club and Players trademarks, amongst others,
to expand and deepen consumer franchise. These
initiatives were supported by the introduction of
limited-edition variants and targeted interventions
to enhance the reach of premium offerings across
-
Design and packaging upgrades were undertaken
to strengthen the positioning of Classic and Gold
Flake trademarks.
During the year, the Business delivered a resilient
performance on the back of sustained volume-led
growth momentum. Differentiated and premium offerings
continued to perform well leveraging mainstream
trademarks and innovation. Consumption of high-cost
leaf tobacco inventory weighed on margin, which was
partially mitigated through a combination of product mix
enrichment and strategic cost management interventions.
A punitive and discriminatory taxation / regulatory regime
over the years has led to significant operating challenges for
the legal cigarette industry in the country. IT may be recalled
that relative stability in taxation over the past few years,
Legal cigarettes constitute only 10% of overall tobacco
consumption in India, as against a global average of 90%.
Duty-paid cigarettes contribute more than 4/5th of the
revenue generated from the tobacco sector.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
coupled with deterrent enforcement actions, checked the
growth of illicit trade and enabled the legal cigarette industry
to recover volumes lost to illicit trade during the years of high
incidence of taxation. This also resulted in the concomitant
increase in demand for Indian tobaccos, bolstering revenue
to the Exchequer from the tobacco sector.
However, increase in GST rate from 28% of transaction
value to 40% of retail sale price along with a steep hike in
excise duties w.e.f. 1st February 2026 upon phasing out of
Compensation Cess, have resulted in an unprecedented
increase in tax incidence on cigarettes.
IT is pertinent to note the following points in this context:
-
Globally, cigarettes constitute the dominant form of
tobacco use. However, in India, tobacco use comprises
a diverse range of chewing and smoking formats that
are available at multiple price points consequent to
punitive and discriminatory taxation on cigarettes.
While India is the world s second largest consumer
of tobacco, legal cigarettes constitute only 10% of
overall tobacco consumption in India, as against
a global average of 90%. IT is pertinent to note that
India accounts for less than 2% of global cigarette
consumption despite having 18% of the world s
population - making India s per capita cigarette
consumption amongst the lowest in the world.
-
Over the years, high and discriminatory taxes on
cigarettes, while aimed at reducing consumption,
have had unintended consequences of fuelling the
growth of smuggled and domestically manufactured
tax-evaded cigarettes, causing a shift to other lightly
taxed / tax-evaded forms of tobacco products,
comprising illicit cigarettes, bidi, chewing tobacco,
gutkha, zarda, snuff, etc. Consequently, while the
share of legal cigarettes in total tobacco consumption
has declined from 21% in 1981-82 to a mere 10%,
aggregate tobacco consumption in the country has
increased over the same period. Despite accounting
for 1/10th of the tobacco consumed in the country,
duty-paid cigarettes contribute more than 4/5th of
the revenue generated from the tobacco sector.
-
As depicted in the chart, taxes on cigarettes in India
remain one of the highest in the world and are
multiple times higher than in developed countries
viz. 14x of USA, 7x of Japan, 5x of Germany and so
on. Further, the same is also substantially higher than
that in neighbouring countries. The recent increase in
taxes would further widen this gap.
-
India s per capita cigarette consumption is
amongst the lowest in the world and is significantly
lower compared to that of China, Japan, USA, UK and
even neighbouring countries such as Bangladesh and
Pakistan. On the other hand, IT has 70% of the world s
smokeless tobacco users.
Tax per 2000 Cigarettes as a percentage of Per Capita GDP
USA
India
UK
Thailand
Canada
Australia
Pakistan
Malaysia
Russia
China
Germany
Japan
0.36%
0.73%
1.00%
1.04%
1.18%
2.10%
2.44%
2.62%
2.63%
3.40%
4.90%
Source: Tax data - WHO s Global Health Observatory, 2025 (Cigarette tax data for 2024);
Per Capita GDP - World Bank (Data for the year 2024)
No. of Cigarettes per annum
Per Capita Consumption of Cigarettes
Source: The Tobacco Atlas - 7th Edition, 2022
"
China
Japan
USA
Bangladesh
UK
Pakistan
India
India s per capita cigarette consumption is amongst the lowest in the world.
Taxes on cigarettes in India remain one of the highest in the world and
multiple times higher than in developed countries.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
-
Punitive taxes on the legal cigarette industry in
earlier years have resulted in rapid growth of illicit
cigarette trade, making India the 4th largest illicit
cigarette market globally according to Euromonitor
estimates. Over the years, this has created attractive
tax-arbitrage opportunities for unscrupulous
players indulging in illicit cigarette trade, accounting
for about 1/3rd of the legal industry.
-
The recent unprecedented increase in tax incidence
would enhance the tax arbitrage providing further
impetus to illicit trade and adversely impact
millions of farmers, MSMEs, retailers and local
value chains, while sub-optimising the revenue
potential of the sector.
-
As per the Report on the Causes & Control of
Illegal Tobacco by Alvarez & Marsal based on
study conducted across 71 countries over 17 years
(2005 - 2022), illicit trade tends to get embedded in
the ecosystem, posing serious challenges to public
health and law enforcement.

Illicit markets: A Threat to Our National Interests , a
study published by FICCI-TARI in September 2022,
noted that The consumption of illegal cigarettes in
India has increased, signalling a shift from legal
products to cheaper substitutes or illicit products,
which have no or little tax element in them. When
taxes are raised beyond a certain optimum level,
consumers gravitate towards cheaper alternatives
or illicit supplies, which are normally smuggled or tax
evaded goods .
-
IT is estimated that illicit trade causes an annual
revenue loss of appx. ` 23000 crores to the
Exchequer. With respect to other tobacco products
as well, the revenue losses are significant since about
68%3 of the total tobacco consumed in the country
remains outside the tax net. During the year, there
were extensive media reports on the multitude of
cases of evasion of taxes / duties by dealers in illicit
cigarettes which were unearthed by raids conducted
by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) and
other enforcement agencies. While enforcement
measures have been strengthened, global experience
suggests that sustainable containment of illicit trade
also requires addressing demand-side factors such
as tax incidence and affordability pressures.
-
The DRI, in its report Smuggling in India 2024-25
acknowledges the high incidence of taxes in India
providing opportunities for illicit trade of cigarettes.
The report states: The Illicit Cigarette Trade thrives
due to high taxes and import duties. IT is driven by
organised syndicates and black markets, causing
revenue loss and undermining public health goals.
Smuggled cigarettes often originate from Southeast
Asia, entering India via the Myanmar border, Middle
Eastern Free Trade Zones, maritime containers and
passenger baggage . Global agencies, including
bodies under the United Nations Security Council
several
national
enforcement
authorities,
have highlighted that illicit tobacco trade has
emerged as a significant security concern,
with proceeds increasingly linked to the financing
of organised crime and terrorism. In addition,
the World Bank has highlighted that illegal tobacco
products
disproportionately
consumed
low-income populations and are often distributed
unregulated
channels4.
Accordingly,
balanced
addressing
both
taxation-driven affordability and enforcement
measures is critical to contain illicit trade and
bolster revenue generation to the Exchequer.

Coordinated efforts involving all key stakeholders
including policymakers, regulators, fiscal authorities,
law enforcement agencies and legal industry, are
critical to contain the growth of illicit trade.
-
Tobacco control measures in India have ranked
amongst the most stringent in the world from the
3 Report on the impact of current tax framework on the tobacco sector in India
and suggestions for its improvement - 2014, by ASSOCHAM and KPMG
4 Report on the Causes & Control of Illegal Tobacco by Alvarez & Marsal
Punitive taxes on the legal cigarette industry in earlier years have resulted
in rapid growth of illicit cigarette trade, making India the 4th largest illicit cigarette
market globally. IT is estimated that illicit trade causes an annual revenue
loss of appx. ` 23000 crores to the Exchequer.

time of enactment of the Cigarettes (Regulation of
Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, 1975, to the
present. India is also one of the few countries where
tobacco products are regulated across the value
chain - from their manufacture to sale to consumers.
The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products
(Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade
and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution)
Act, 2003 (COTPA) requires cigarette packages to
display the statutorily mandated pictorial and textual
warnings covering 85% of the surface area of the
packet - one of the largest in the world.

IT is pertinent to note that smuggled international
brands of cigarettes do not bear any of the pictorial
or textual warnings mandated by Indian laws or bear
much smaller pictorial / textual warnings as per the
tobacco laws of the countries from where these
cigarettes originate. As reported in prior years, findings
from research conducted by IMRB International, an
independent market research organisation, indicate
that the lack of pictorial warnings on packets of
smuggled international brands of cigarettes or
their diminutive size creates a perception in the
consumers mind that these illicit cigarettes are safer
than domestic duty-paid cigarettes that carry the 85%
pictorial warnings. The combination of low prices to
consumers due to tax evasion and the misleading
perception created by the absence of statutory
pictorial warnings provides significant buoyancy to
illicit cigarette volumes.
-
India is among the top three tobacco growing
countries in the world. Tobacco plays a significant
role in the Indian economy on account of its
considerable contribution to the agricultural, industrial
and export sectors5. Besides, the sector also plays
a key role in employment generation and provides
livelihood to appx. 46 million people. As such,
Illicit cigarette trade also has a deleterious impact
on farmers and farm workers engaged in the
tobacco value chain.
-
IT may be noted that several major tobacco producing
countries, including the USA, have established
regulatory frameworks taking into consideration the
economic interests of their tobacco farmers. The
punitive and discriminatory taxation & regulatory
regime on cigarettes in India over the years, has
adversely affected the livelihood of Indian tobacco
farmers with corresponding gains to those countries
that have opted for moderate and equitable tobacco
regulations. These developments coupled with lower
export incentives in India and relative weakness of
currencies in certain competing geographies have,
in the past, had a debilitating impact on millions of
livelihoods, dependent on the tobacco value chain
in India.

IT is pertinent to note that studies by the Central
Tobacco Research Institute (CTRI) indicate that on
account of agro-climatic conditions, there is no equally
remunerative alternate crop that can be grown in the
FCV tobacco-growing regions of the country.
-
As reported in earlier years, your Company and
several other stakeholders had challenged the
validity of the pictorial and textual warnings covering
85% of the surface area of the packet prescribed
under COTPA. The Honourable Karnataka High
Court, by its judgment in December, 2017, held the
85% pictorial warnings to be factually incorrect and
unconstitutional. Upon Special Leave Petitions filed
by the Government and others, the Honourable
Supreme Court has stayed the judgment of the High
Court. The cases are pending before the Honourable
Supreme Court.
Your Company continues to engage with policymakers for
a framework of pragmatic, equitable, non-discriminatory,
evidence-based regulations and taxation policies that
balances the economic imperatives of the country and
tobacco control objectives, cognising for the unique
tobacco consumption pattern in India.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
5 Report on Tobacco Control in India, Ministry of Health & Family Welfare, GoI,
2004 (Jointly supported by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, USA
and the World Health Organisation)
India is among the top three tobacco growing countries in the world and
provides livelihood to appx. 46 million people. Illicit cigarette trade
also has a deleterious impact on farmers and farm workers
engaged in the tobacco value chain.

Your Company has adopted a strategic approach to
mitigate the impact of the unprecedented increase in tax
incidence and sustain its market standing. This includes
staggered and agile pricing actions to minimise the risk of
a significant shift of volumes to illicit trade and consequent
loss of revenue to the Exchequer, and re-architecting the
product portfolio by leveraging a diverse range of powerful
trademarks.
The state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities of the
Business continue to set new benchmarks in the areas
of quality, sustainability, supply chain responsiveness
and productivity, driven through investments in new
technology induction, digital technologies, innovation, and
by ensuring product & process excellence. Cutting-edge
technologies in the areas of Industry 4.0 and data sciences
are being leveraged to build a smart manufacturing
environment of connected systems. These initiatives,
coupled with innovative capabilities, and in-house design
and development expertise, have further improved the
speed-to-market for the launch of new and differentiated
offers of the Business. Continued focus on quality
has enabled the Business to deliver superior product
segments
geographies.
These capabilities, built over the years, have also enabled
the Business to proactively respond to the taxation
changes through timely capacity realignment.
As a testament to the Business focus on operational
excellence, the Bengaluru, Pune, and Kidderpore units
won the Apex Prize for Operational Excellence at the
Integrated Manufacturing Excellence Initiative (IMExI)
Awards organised by the Kaizen Hansei Institute, a wing
of the Kaizen Institute of India.
In line with your Company s commitment to the
Triple Bottom Line philosophy, the Business continued to
focus its efforts on resource conservation and the adoption
of best-in-class technologies and processes. Sustainability
initiatives of the Business continued to receive industry
recognition with the Munger & Bengaluru units being
conferred with the Noteworthy Water Efficient Unit Award
by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). Bengaluru unit
has been commended with special recognition under the
Best Performing Wind Farm in Zone III - above 2MW
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
category by the Indian Wind Power Association. As a
hallmark of excellence in safety practices, the Pune unit
secured the coveted Sarvashreshtha Suraksha Puraskar
awarded by National Safety Council of India. Kidderpore
unit was recognised with the Five Golden Stars and Safety
Shield Award, demonstrating its commitment to safety and
further received the Platinum Award in Manufacturing
Sector at the ICC National Occupational Health & Safety
awards by the Indian Chamber of Commerce. Further,
during the year, the Saharanpur Factory was accredited
with SA8000 certification. With this accreditation, all
factories of the Business are now SA8000 certified,
reinforcing your Company s strong commitment to human
rights and ethical standards.
The year ahead presents an extremely challenging
operating environment in view of the unprecedented
increase in taxation that will undoubtedly test the
resilience and adaptability of legitimate players in
the industry. Notwithstanding such challenges, your
Company remains confident of fortifying its market
standing in the legal cigarette industry leveraging its
robust product portfolio and strong innovation pipeline,
world-class quality, integrated seed-to-smoke value chain,
cutting-edge manufacturing & digital technologies and
best-in-class in-market execution capabilities.
FMCG - OTHERS
Your Company s FMCG - Others Segment delivered
a strong performance during the year, with double-digit
revenue growth driven by broad-based scale up across
categories,
notwithstanding
heightened
competitive
intensity. While the year commenced on a subdued note,
amidst weak demand conditions and elevated input costs
following sharp price escalations in the previous year, the
Businesses responded with agility through focused market
interventions, portfolio premiumisation, supply chain
resilience & efficiency, disciplined cost management and
judicious pricing actions. These strategic actions, together
with progressive improvement in the macroeconomic
environment and consumer sentiment during the year -
supported by measures such as income tax rate cuts,
lower interest rates, reduction in GST rates and favourable
FMCG - Others Segment delivered a strong performance during the year,
with double-digit revenue growth driven by broad-based scale up
across categories, notwithstanding heightened competitive intensity.

monsoons - helped build momentum through the second
half. Trade and marketing investments were sustained at
competitive levels to support growth and market standing.
Your Company s FMCG Businesses recorded Segment
Revenue of ` 24209.75 crores during the year, representing
growth of 10.1% over the previous year. Segment Results
grew at a faster pace of 14.1% to ` 1802.63 crores
reflecting, inter alia, benefits of scale expansion, improved
portfolio mix, disciplined cost management and enhanced
supply chain efficiencies. Segment Revenue and Results
grew by 13.6% and 46.4%, respectively, in the second half
of the year.
Your Company s strategy to rapidly scale up the FMCG
Businesses remains anchored on strengthening the
core, extending trusted mother brands into value-added
adjacencies, and nurturing new vectors of growth
leveraging institutional capabilities viz. agri sourcing,
packaging, cuisine expertise, and consumer insights.
The key strategic pillars to drive long-term growth
and competitiveness comprise future-ready portfolio,
purpose-led
brands,
innovation,
agile
&
resilient
supply chain, smart omni-channel distribution and
value accretive M&A.
The Businesses continue to leverage digital capabilities
to generate sharper consumer insights, deepen consumer
engagement and strengthen brand loyalty. Strategic
interventions continue to be made towards delivering
delightful brand experiences seamlessly using an Always
On approach across touchpoints through personalised
journeys mapped to individual needs, preferences and
context.
Your Company continues to leverage deep consumer
insights and cutting-edge R&D capabilities to address
emerging
consumer
need
spaces.
Nearly 100 new products, anchored on the vectors of
Health & Nutrition, Hygiene, Protection & Care,
Convenience & On-the-Go and Indulgence, were
launched across target markets during the year, drawing
upon the R&D platforms of your Company s Life Sciences
and Technology Centre (LSTC) and agile product
development teams across Businesses.
Cutting-edge digital technologies including AI, GenAI,
Industry 4.0 and industrial Internet of Things (IoT)
continue to be deployed to strengthen your Company s
real-time operating and execution platforms, enhance
productivity
drive
efficiency
&
agility.
These initiatives are anchored on key pillars such as
synchronised planning and forecasting, agile and resilient
supply chains, smart buying and value engineering,
smart manufacturing and smart demand capture and
fulfilment. Strategic investments have also been stepped
up to build integrated insight platforms by harmonising
and connecting large, previously fragmented datasets,
powered by AI/ML technologies and supported by
human-centred design and visualisation tools, thereby
enabling sharper and more agile decision-making.
Supported by these strategic capabilities, the FMCG
Businesses comprising Branded Packaged Foods, Personal
Care Products, Education and Stationery Products, Incense
Sticks (Agarbattis) and Safety Matches have grown at an
impressive pace over the past several years.
Your Company s vibrant portfolio of over 30 world-class
Indian
brands,
largely
built
organic
growth strategy leveraging institutional synergies in a
relatively short period of time, represents an annual
consumer spend of over ` 37000 crores and reach
Revenue (` Crores)
FMCG - Others
FY23
FY24
FY26
FY25
FY22
FY21
FY20
FY19
FY18
FY17
FY16
FY15
FY14
FY13
FY10
FY08
FY03
15994
19123
20967
24210
21982
14728
12844
12505
11329
10512
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Nearly 100 new products, anchored on the vectors of Health & Nutrition,
Hygiene, Protection & Care, Convenience & On-the-Go and Indulgence,
were launched across target markets during the year, drawing upon the R&D
platforms of your Company s Life Sciences and Technology Centre (LSTC)
and agile product development teams across Businesses.

nearly 280 million households in India. These home-grown,
purpose-led Indian brands, powered by agile innovation,
support the competitiveness of domestic value chains,
especially in the agri space, thereby ensuring creation and
retention of value within the country.
Your Company s FMCG brands have achieved impressive
market standing6 in a relatively short span of time
in their respective categories viz. Aashirvaad is No. 1 in
Branded Atta, Bingo! is No. 1 in the Bridges segment of
Snack Foods, Sunfeast is No. 1 in the Cream Biscuits
segment, Classmate is No. 1 in Notebooks, YiPPee!
is No. 2 in Noodles and Mangaldeep is No. 2 in
Incense Sticks.
Your Company remains focused on driving the next
phase of growth in its FMCG Businesses, anchored on
strong growth platforms and a future-ready portfolio.
IT is pertinent to note that the chosen categories, which
are largely characterised by low household penetration
levels and/or low per capita consumption, offer significant
headroom for Total Addressable Market expansion and
potential long-term growth. In this context, IT is noteworthy
that a key element of your Company s growth strategy is
to foray into value-added adjacencies and categories of
the future by leveraging the 30+ powerful mother brands
IT has established over the years. Recent examples of
such brand extensions include Aashirvaad to Dairy,
Ready-to-Eat, Vermicelli, Rava, Besan, Indian breads,
Salt and Spices; Sunfeast to Dairy Beverages and
Cakes; Bingo! to Namkeens; ITC Master Chef to
Frozen Snacks and Cooking Pastes; Classmate to
Writing
Instruments;
Fiama
Body
Wash
Body Scrubs; Savlon to Sanitisers, Wipes, Fabric
Conditioners
Disinfectant
Sprays;
Nimyle
Dishwash liquids and Mangaldeep to Puja essentials.
Simultaneously, the FMCG Businesses continue to
make strategic investments in building categories of the
future and establishing their right to win by progressively
scaling up nascent categories where beachheads have
been created.
In line with the ITC Next Strategy of building a
future-ready portfolio, accelerating growth and enhancing
competitiveness, your Company has in recent times
undertaken several value-accretive acquisitions in the
digital-first and organic space, viz. Sresta Natural
Bioproducts7 (24 Mantra Organic), Sproutlife Foods
(Yoga Bar), Mother Sparsh Baby Care (Mother Sparsh)
and Ample Foods (Prasuma & Meatigo), which delivered
robust growth during the year and together are clocking
ARR8 of over ` 1350 crores. These interventions are
expected to further reinforce your Company s presence
and market standing in high-growth and future-facing
businesses.
The FMCG Businesses continue to expand their export
footprint, leveraging the equity of their world-class
brands, with a reach now spanning over 70 countries.
Your Company is also exploring strategic opportunities
in proximal markets as a potential vector of growth going
forward.
The FMCG Businesses continue to create structural
competitive advantage and enhance profitability by
leveraging world-class distributed manufacturing and
logistics infrastructure, a deep multi-channel distribution
network, newer routes to market, smart buying & value
engineering, and smart manufacturing interventions.
With growing scale, supply chain operations are also
being increasingly delayered through direct-to-market
shipments, thereby reducing freight costs and multiple
handling. Your Company is confident that these strategic
interventions, which are already delivering substantial
benefits, will continue to realise their full potential over the
medium term and create long-term value.
The ongoing West Asia conflict has led to a sharp
escalation in key inputs and fuel costs, intensifying
inflationary pressures in the near term. Your Company
continues to take proactive measures to mitigate the
impact of such headwinds across all nodes of operations,
sustain competitiveness and growth momentum.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
6 Source: Nielsen, Kantar Household Panel
7 Amalgamated with your Company w.e.f. 13th June, 2025
8. Annual Revenue Runrate
Your Company s vibrant portfolio of over 30 world-class Indian brands,
largely built through an organic growth strategy leveraging institutional synergies
in a relatively short period of time, represents an annual consumer spend of
over ` 37000 crores and reach nearly 280 million households.

Your Company remains well-positioned to accelerate the
growth of its FMCG Businesses, anchored on a strong
future-ready portfolio powered by purpose-led brands,
world-class product quality, deep consumer insights, a
cutting-edge innovation pipeline, and an agile, resilient
and efficient supply chain. Your Company s institutional
strengths - including strong backward linkages with the
Agri Business, a deep and wide multi-channel distribution
network, access to culinary expertise, industry-leading
packaging know-how and access to robust R&D platforms
nurtured by LSTC - will continue to serve as distinctive
sources of competitive advantage and support sustained
value creation over the long-term.
Branded Packaged Foods
Your Company sustained its position as one of India s
largest and fastest growing branded packaged foods
businesses, underpinned by a robust portfolio of trusted
brands, a strong innovation engine supporting the
categories with several first-to-market offerings and a
vast range of differentiated products catering to diverse
tastes & preferences of consumers. Your Company s
unique combination of institutional strengths, viz. superior
consumer insights, agri sourcing, robust distributed
manufacturing & omni-channel distribution architecture,
capabilities of your Company s LSTC and cuisine expertise
resident in ITC Hotels Limited, a group entity, enabled the
Business to effectively navigate volatility in the external
environment, including geopolitical uncertainty and
elevated commodity prices.
The Branded Packaged Foods Businesses remain
focused on addressing emerging consumer needs
through innovations anchored on the vectors of health,
nutrition,
wellness,
immunity,
naturals,
indulgence
and convenience. While fortifying the core portfolio,
the Businesses continue to scale-up presence in
value-added adjacencies by leveraging powerful mother
brands and investing in categories of the future, to drive
premiumisation and expand consumption occasions.
Relentless
delivering
superior
quality
products to consumers continues to be a key source of
sustainable competitive advantage. The Businesses
continue to leverage the deep agri-commodity sourcing
expertise resident in your Company s Agri Business
to secure
high
quality
raw
materials
a wide sourcing network and direct farm linkages
including FPOs, thereby ensuring the highest level
of quality, consistency and safety in its products.
In addition, manufacturing systems and governance
frameworks are designed to meet stringent food safety
and quality standards ensuring compliance with all
applicable regulations.
-
In the Staples Business, Aashirvaad sustained its
strong growth momentum and enhanced market
standing across segments and geographies. The
value-added Atta portfolio, consisting of Multigrain,
Select and Sugar Release Control Atta, posted
robust growth, driven by superior value proposition.
The portfolio was further augmented with the launch of
Aashirvaad High Protein Atta , in line with the growing
consumer preference for protein-centric offerings;
consumer response has been encouraging. The
Aashirvaad Chakki range of Premium MP Sehori ,
MP Sehori , MP Lokwan and Boga Atta , catering to
regional preferences, performed well.

Value-added adjacencies, viz. Gluten Free Flour ,
Ragi Flour , Organic portfolio of Organic Atta
Organic
Dals ,
Aashirvaad
Vermicelli ,
Aashirvaad Rava (Suji Rava, Bansi Rava, Samba
Rava) witnessed robust growth. Aashirvaad Besan
extended
additional
markets
scale
up
during
Aashirvaad Soya Chunks , with its differentiated
Juicy and Tasty proposition, continued to gain
consumer traction. Ready to Cook Chapati and
Frozen Naans / Parathas , which address the growing
need for convenience, witnessed accelerated growth
and are being expanded to newer markets.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company sustained its position as one of India s largest and
fastest growing branded packaged foods businesses. IT remains focused on
addressing emerging consumer needs through innovations anchored on the vectors of
health, nutrition, wellness, immunity, naturals, indulgence and convenience.

Overall, Aashirvaad s value-added variants and
adjacencies have grown three-fold over the last five
years, with its share in the portfolio doubling over this
period.

Aashirvaad Salt continued to post strong growth in
focus markets during the year. Premium offerings
such as Aashirvaad Himalayan Pink Salt , scaled
up in top metros, while the recently launched
Aashirvaad
Iron
Shakti
Salt
witnessing
encouraging consumer traction in target markets.

In the Spices category, the Business continued to
deliver strong growth, driven by a sharply focused,
market-specific strategy aimed at delivering authentic
regionally
relevant
taste
experiences
consumers. The Sunrise brand further strengthened
its market leadership in the core market of West
Bengal, while making steady progress in Northeast
region, Bihar and Jharkhand. The brand strengthened
its regional credentials through the introduction of
first-to-market, differentiated offerings tailored to local
palates, including Sunrise Til Chicken in Assam and
Sunrise Champaran Mutton Masala in Bihar, along
with products such as Sunrise Prawn Curry Masala
and Sunrise Chicken Tikka Masala enhancing
relevance among new-age consumers.

Aashirvaad Spices continued to consolidate its
presence in core markets of Andhra Pradesh and
Telangana, supported by a clear focus on quality-led
differentiation, hyper-local portfolio, and culture centric
marketing. Aashirvaad continued with Natural Star
Nani as the brand ambassador, with the campaign
Dammu Meede, Star Meere effectively reinforcing
the brand s promise of superior potency, purity and
consistently tasty food. The brand also scaled its
pan-India play in NewGen channels, particularly in
whole spices, leveraging ITC s institutional strengths
and digital reach.

With
towards
development, purposeful marketing inputs, consumer
activations
region-specific
interventions
supported by manufacturing excellence and sharply
targeted communication across platforms, your
Company is confident of further strengthening
Aashirvaad s market leadership position and building
categories of the future.

In line with the strategy to augment your Company s
future-ready portfolio, during the year your Company
acquired 100% of the share capital of Sresta Natural
Bioproducts
(SNBPL).
SNBPL
is engaged in the business of manufacture and
24 Mantra Organic brand which has strong brand
equity in the domestic as well as international markets.

SNBPL, a pioneer and leading player in the organic
packaged staples category, has over the years
built a strong network of ~27,500 farmers spread
across ~1.4 lakh acres of certified organic land in
10 states. The acquisition reinforces your Company s
commitment to build a portfolio of future-facing
winning brands that address the evolving needs of
Indian consumers and will unlock value creation
opportunities
Company s
institutional strengths to drive synergies in areas such
as product development & innovation, agri sourcing,
manufacturing, supply chain and distribution.
-
The Biscuits category delivered a strong performance
during the year on the back of powerful brand
propositions, differentiated offerings and strong
consumer connect. The Sunfeast Dark Fantasy
range
differentiated
cookies
strengthen its leadership position in the premium
segment. Dark Fantasy is also now the No. 1
overall biscuits brand in the Modern Trade channel,
registering robust growth across its portfolio,
including Dark Fantasy Chocofills , Dark Fantasy
Bourbon , Dark Fantasy Sandwich Crème and
Dark Fantasy Yumfills Pie . The Mom s Magic range
of cookies recorded healthy growth during the year.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company continues to fortify its portfolio through focused acquisitions
in high-growth, future facing categories such as organic foods, nutrition and
digital-first brands. These acquisitions form a core pillar of your Company s strategy,
combining entrepreneurial brand capabilities with ITC s scale and institutional strengths.

The portfolio was further strengthened with the launch
of Sunfeast Mom s Magic Shines , which has elicited
strong consumer response. Sunfeast Supermilk
biscuits, harnessing the goodness of Naatu Maatu
Paal (biscuits enriched with native Indian cow milk),
continued to scale up successfully in the operating
market of Tamil Nadu.

The Business also launched a delectable range of super
premium cookies with globally sourced ingredients
under Sunfeast Baked Creations brand. These
short shelf-life products are backed by hyperlocal &
customised supply chains and are accessible to
consumers on Quick Commerce platforms. These
products have received encouraging response from
discerning consumers and are being scaled up.

Towards deepening consumer engagement further,
the brand launched several purpose-led and
clutter-breaking
campaigns
during
Mom s Magic continued its Dear Maa campaign,
championing child adoption as a meaningful social
change initiative. Sunfeast Marie Light established a
differentiated positioning anchored on the functional
benefit of Vitamin D. Sunfeast Dark Fantasy further
strengthened consumer engagement through the
launch of its 1 Million Fantasies campaign, aimed at
deepening brand affinity by bringing to life consumer
aspirations, including a distinctive opportunity to
celebrate with superstar Shah Rukh Khan.
-
Bingo! Snacks delivered resilient performance
during the year while strengthening its product
portfolio with the launch of exciting variants of snacks
and namkeens. Bingo! remains the market leader in
the Bridges segment at an All-India level, and in the
Potato Wafers segment in South India. Bingo! Mad
Angles witnessed strong growth, supported by wider
distribution, sustained marketing investments and
exciting variants such as Bingo! Mad Angles Mystery
Pickle . The Potato Wafers portfolio was revitalised
through packaging refresh and the repositioning of
Bingo! Ridged Cut. The portfolio was augmented with
the introduction of two exciting flavour innovations -
Himalayan Pink Salt and Butter & Garlic . The
Business further fortified its portfolio with the launch
of three exciting variants of Baked Puffs under XXX
range - Chilli Cheese , Hot & Spicy Korean Style
and Hot & Sweet . Bingo! Kitchen Style - a premium
range of South Indian snacks was introduced during
the year, bringing authentic flavours inspired by
regional snacking traditions. These new launches
have all received encouraging consumer responses.
-
YiPPee! sustained its position as a strong No. 2
player in the Instant Noodles segment, delivering
strong growth. The product portfolio was augmented
with premium Pan Asian range of noodles comprising
of three variants, Gochujang , Tom Yum and
Yaki Udon , offering international flavour experience.
The brand strengthened its regional connect with
targeted campaigns across key markets including
Odisha, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and the Hindi heartland.
Digital and new age media continued to remain
a key area of focus, with a significant increase in
investments during the year. The brand also adopted a
content first approach across social media platforms,
enabling deeper consumer engagement and fostering
stronger brand affinity with its target audience.
-
The Frozen Foods Business, operating under the
brands ITC Master Chef and Farmland , delivered
strong growth during the year, powered by a range
of delicious & innovative offerings designed to
meet consumer needs across any-time snacking
and meal occasions. The Business introduced a
refreshed brand positioning - Har Roz Kuch Special ,
to enhance the everyday relevance of frozen foods
by emphasising convenience, variety and suitability
for multiple consumption moments. This positioning
addresses the growing consumer need for simplified
meal planning and variety, particularly among
homemakers and young couple households, and was
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
The acquisition of Sresta Natural Bioproducts Private Limited, a pioneer and
leading player in the organic packaged staples category with the 24 Mantra Organic
brand has added a strong network of ~27,500 farmers spread across
~1.4 lakh acres of certified organic land in 10 states.

further reinforced through targeted digital campaigns
in key markets.

The
introduction
Piri
Piri
French
Fries ,
Chicken Malai Seekh Kebab , Chicken Cheese Fills
and Crispy Cheese Fills further strengthened the
Retail portfolio and reinforced the Business focus
contemporary
differentiated
offerings.
The Business expanded its direct distribution footprint
to over 200 towns, leveraging a judicious mix of
emerging and traditional channels, supported by
data-driven digital marketing initiatives to deepen
consumer engagement and strengthen franchise.
The Frozen portfolio now comprises of over
80 products, spanning Indian and Western snacks,
frozen breads, prawns & vegetables, providing
consumers with a comprehensive and convenient
frozen foods range. Together with the wide range
of offerings from Ample Foods Private Limited
(an
associate
operating
Prasuma & Meatigo brands), the Frozen foods
portfolio straddles multiple cuisines, viz. North Indian,
Pan Asian, Oriental etc.
-
Aashirvaad Svasti fresh dairy portfolio continued
its robust growth momentum during the year, led by
the strengthening of its premium milk variant Select
and significant growth in value-added products
such as Curd, Paneer, Mishti Doi and Lassi, driven
by differentiated and superior offerings. The fresh
dairy portfolio is currently available across Bihar,
West Bengal & Jharkhand markets and continues to
enhance market penetration through rapid scale-up
of its distribution network.
-
The Beverages portfolio was strengthened through
the launch of No Added Sugar Juices range and
the revitalisation of the coconut water range, in line
with growing consumer preference for low sugar
and wellness beverages. Dairy Based Beverages
continued to record resilient growth on the back of
successful scale up of Aashirvaad Badam Milk &
Lassi and Dark Fantasy Milkshakes in select
geographies. Business launched Breakfast Smoothie
with Oats , a first-to-market innovation in drinkable
breakfast segment, offering a healthy and convenient
alternative for breakfast. Further, the smoothies
range has been extended with the launch of Mango
Smoothie with Chunks and Berry Smoothie with
Chia seeds , targeted at delivering a premium
consumer experience.
-
The Confectionery Business continued to nurture its
premium portfolio and scale up the business under the
Fantastik Chocostick , Dark Fantasy Choco Rolls ,
Candyman Fruitee Fun and Candyman Tadka Time
sub-brands. The portfolio was augmented with the
launch of Candyman Fruitee Fun Soft Chews , a soft
chewy candy available in four exciting fruit flavours,
designed to offer a playful treat for consumers
young at heart. The Business also launched
Ultra Mintz in the premium confectionery space,
crafted for adult consumers. These offerings have
received excellent consumer response aided by
impactful communication. The Business witnessed
strong scale up in NewGen channels viz. Modern Trade
and e-Commerce, driven by robust performance in
Dark Fantasy Choco Rolls and Candyman Sourzzz
homepack portfolio.
-
Fabelle chocolates continue to receive excellent
response from discerning consumers, setting new
benchmarks in the luxury and premium chocolate
segments. During the year, your Company opened
an exclusive Fabelle store in Forum Mall, Bengaluru,
strengthening the brand s premium retail footprint.
The Sunfeast Fantastik chocolate range, comprising
Choco Almond and Fruit & Nut variants, continued
to scale up during the year. The portfolio was further
strengthened with the launch of Sunfeast Fantastik!
Strawberry Cheesecake and Sunfeast Fantastik!
Choco Meltz , delivering unique products that offer
a premium experience at an affordable price point.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
The Frozen Foods portfolio now comprises of over 80 products, spanning Indian and
Western snacks, frozen breads, prawns & vegetables, providing consumers with a comprehensive
and convenient frozen foods range. Together with the wide range of offerings from
Ample Foods Private Limited (an associate company operating under the
Prasuma & Meatigo brands), the Frozen foods portfolio straddles multiple cuisines,
viz. North Indian, Pan Asian, Oriental etc.

-
Exports continue to remain a key focus area for the
Branded Packaged Foods Businesses. During the
year, exports recorded rapid growth across multiple
categories. Supported by a strong portfolio of winning
products and a well-established distribution network,
Aashirvaad Atta exports further consolidated its
leadership
position
overseas
The Business also continued to actively evaluate
and scale export opportunities within its portfolio,
including Biscuits, Noodles, Snacks, Frozen Breads
and Besan. Leveraging the strong equity of its core
Brands - Aashirvaad , Sunfeast , Sunfeast YiPPee! ,
Bingo! and Kitchens of India , your Company is well
placed to pursue growth in exports across focus
markets and channels.
Your Company continues to fortify its portfolio through
focused acquisitions in high-growth, future facing
categories such as organic foods, nutrition and digital-first
brands. These acquisitions form a core pillar of your
Company s strategy, combining entrepreneurial brand
capabilities with your Company s scale, institutional
strengths and integrated supply chains to drive portfolio
premiumisation, accelerate growth, and create sustained
long-term value.
Nutrition plays a central role in sustaining health and
well-being across life stages. Your Company s scale, reach
and integrated capabilities uniquely position IT to respond
to evolving consumer needs for healthier choices along
with superior quality, taste, convenience, affordability and
sustainability.
The Business has launched a range of nutrition dense
offerings under several brands viz. High Protein Atta
under Aashirvaad , High Fibre Digestive biscuits under
Sunfeast , products under the Right Shift brand to
address the nutritional needs of consumers aged over 40.
The acquisition of 24 Mantra Organic would also further
augment the Business portfolio of nutrition-led healthy
food products. Your Company achieved the first rank
in the Access to Nutrition Initiative (ATNI) India Index
2023 among 20 of the largest Indian food & beverage
manufacturers. Your Company was recognised for its
strong nutrition strategy, improved product healthiness
based on Nutrient Profiling System, and efforts to influence
consumers toward healthier choices. The Businesses
continue to scale up data driven, AI powered campaigns
to deliver deeply engaging communication and content,
driving effectiveness and efficiency across large and
small brands. The Business marquee campaigns across
brands have been widely celebrated across prestigious
forums. Aashirvaad Atta s thematic multichannel campaign
secured two Silvers in the Integrated Advertising Category
and another Silver in the highly coveted Sustained
Success Category at the Effies. Sunrise Spices Swasthya
Bengal campaign won Silver in Regional Products - Single
Market campaign at the same forum. The Bingo! Bhaukal
Lok Kumbh Mela campaign won a Gold in the Integrated
Marketing Campaign Category at the Exchange for
Media. Candyman Sourzzz , created a Soury not Sorry
campaign, which won Silver in both the Best Use
of Social Networks / Social Media and Best Mobile
Video categories at the Exchange for Media awards.
Sunfeast Dark Fantasy s Big Fantasies campaign won
Silver at BW Excel Awards.
During the year, the Business enhanced the integration of
marketing and technology through the adoption of agentic
AI based solutions across use cases. With the increasing
use of agentic AI and LLM enabled brand discovery
& purchase journeys, the Business has progressed
towards a more connected AI approach, which includes
the implementation of an integrated AI suite across the
consumer marketing ecosystem.
The Business continued to channelise consumers
towards higher value user journeys across its owned
value-exchange platforms, including www.letsboing.com,
www.familylikefriends.com and food content leadership
platform www.foodiesonly.in . The Business garnered
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Exports continue to remain a key focus area for the Branded Packaged Foods Businesses.
Aashirvaad Atta exports further consolidated its leadership position across overseas markets.
Leveraging the strong equity of its core Brands - Aashirvaad , Sunfeast , Sunfeast YiPPee! ,
Bingo! and Kitchens of India , your Company is well placed to pursue
growth in exports across focus markets and channels.

nearly 30 million user journeys culminating to the brands
owned websites which enabled decoding consumer
intent, behaviour, category affinities, and signals from
the broader digital ecosystem. In an increasingly
ad-averse,
digital-first
environment,
Business
owned value-exchange platforms successfully captured
sustained user attention, driving meaningful engagement.
The Business also built an integrated ecosystem combining
consumer data, insights, and creative capabilities through
Studio Alchemy , delivering nearly 40,000 AI-generated
and optimised content pieces across the marketing funnel.
Over the years, your Company has made significant
investments in setting up state-of-the-art Integrated
Consumer Goods Manufacturing and Logistics facilities
(ICMLs) proximal to large demand centres. These facilities
are at the heart of your Company s strategy to create
structural advantage by enhancing product freshness and
market responsiveness, reducing the cost of servicing
proximal markets, enabling scalability, while also setting
new benchmarks in safety and product quality. 12 ICMLs are
currently operational in locations proximal to large demand
centres; capacity utilisation at these ICMLs continues to
be ramped up. Your Company continues to leverage the
benefits of the state-of-the-art Ancillary Manufacturing cum
Logistics Facilities (AMLFs) at Pudukkottai, Kapurthala
and Panchla. These automated facilities are co-located
with the ICMLs and provide several structural advantages
including inventory optimisation, delayering operations
and lowering the cost of market servicing.
Driven by an unwavering commitment to quality,
sustainability,
excellence,
Company has earned several prestigious external
awards and recognitions across Safety, Sustainability,
Quality & Food Safety, Manufacturing Excellence, and
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG). Key
recognitions include the National Food Safety Trophy &
Food Safety Commendation by Confederation of
Indian Industry (CII), Gold Medal at the National
Awards for Manufacturing Competitiveness (NAMC) by
International Research Institute for Manufacturing (IRIM)
and ESG recognition by Det Norske Veritas (DNV),
Netherlands. Collectively, these accolades reinforce your
Company s commitment to delivering superior-quality
products
safe,
sustainable,
future-ready manufacturing practices. To counter elevated
levels of input prices and support long-term profitability,
your Company has implemented several strategic
cost management initiatives in areas such as supply
chain optimisation, smart procurement and productivity
improvement through automation, leveraging new-age
technologies such as Industry 4.0, AI/ML, advanced visual
analytics and smart utilities.
The food processing industry has significant potential to
boost Indian agriculture by improving market linkages,
resource efficiency, farmer incomes, exports, and
employment opportunities. The development of the food
processing sector is vital for addressing food security,
controlling inflation, improving nutrition, and preventing
wastage. Acknowledging the large economic multiplier
impact of the food processing industry and the growth
opportunities in the Indian market, your Company has
made substantial investments in this sector and remains
focused on establishing itself as the leading player in the
branded packaged foods industry.
Your Company s institutional strengths such as strong
farm linkages, procurement efficiencies, world-class
brands and deep & wide multi-channel distribution
network continues to provide competitive advantage
to the Business to deliver superior product availability,
visibility and freshness. Investments in establishing a
world-class distributed manufacturing footprint have
created a solid foundation to secure structural advantage
over time. Cutting-edge R&D platforms of your Company s
LSTC are driving agile innovation and faster turnaround
times for introduction of differentiated & first-to-market
products catering to constantly evolving consumer needs.
Investments in leading-edge digital technologies and
platforms continue to be stepped up across the value
chain to drive competitive advantage.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s institutional strengths such as strong farm linkages, procurement efficiencies,
world-class brands and deep & wide multi-channel distribution network together with leading
digital technologies and platforms, including AI-based solutions, continues to provide
competitive & structural advantage. Cutting-edge R&D platforms of ITC s LSTC
are driving agile innovation and faster turnaround times for introduction of
differentiated & first-to-market products.

Your Company is well-poised to strengthen its position as
one of the fastest growing food companies and the most
trusted provider of food products in the Indian market.
Your Company remains confident of rapidly scaling up
the Branded Packaged Foods Businesses leveraging
its institutional strengths and strong growth platforms
nurtured over the years in chosen categories which offer
immense headroom for growth, address opportunities in
value-added adjacencies by leveraging mother brands
and nurture new vectors of growth where beachheads
have been created.
Personal Care Products
The operating environment in the Personal Care industry
was marked by heightened competitive intensity and
continued volatility in input costs. Demand trends
witnessed gradual improvement, while premiumisation,
science-backed claims & ingredient-led, benefit-driven
transparency in propositions, influenced consideration
and brand choices.
Your Company s Personal Care Products Business
delivered a resilient performance, while continuing to
strengthen its core strategic levers of building brands with
purpose, driving first-in-category innovation, investing
in categories of the future, and accelerating presence
in emerging channels. Strategic partnerships with key
accounts,
along
channel-specific
assortment,
targeted launches and agile execution, supported growth
momentum. The premium portfolio remained a key growth
driver, reinforcing the focus on enhancing brand equity
and delivering superior consumer experiences through
innovative and differentiated offerings.
In the Personal Wash segment, Fiama sustained its
strong growth momentum, in both gel bathing bars and
shower gels. The recently launched Fiama Moisturising
Bars with Japanese Hokkaido Milk scaled up rapidly,
supported by differentiated sensorial positioning and
clinically
proven
skin-barrier
benefits.
The
brand
augmented its portfolio with the launch of body scrubs
and leveraged digital-first creator partnerships to drive
trial and adoption. With a focus on premiumisation and
innovation, Fiama is well-positioned to accelerate its
growth trajectory.
The Vivel portfolio recorded acceleration in growth in
the soaps category, particularly in the second half of
the year. The brand continued to reinforce its core aloe
vera proposition and expanded into adjacent format,
in line with evolving consumer preferences, with the
launch of natural ingredient based Handwash liquids.
The brand also strengthened its presence in Modern Trade
and e-Commerce through the introduction of exclusive
soap and body wash offerings, enhancing visibility
and relevance across premium retail formats and
NewGen channels.
Savlon delivered strong performance during the year,
driven by sustained momentum across handwash and
soaps category along with value-added offerings including
disinfectant liquid, sprays and wipes. Built on its strong
equity in germ protection, the brand has continued to
evolve towards a broader proposition of caring protection ,
aimed at expanding usage occasions and enabling
sustained growth. The brand further enhanced consumer
awareness and hygiene education through podcast-based
content in partnership with leading medical professionals,
while also expanding into specialised infection-prevention
products for the institutional segment.
During the year, Engage continued to strengthen its
position in a dynamic and evolving fragrance category.
In recent years, the brand has pivoted its portfolio towards
high growth formats and premium consumer segments,
with innovation and superior fragrance experiences
at the core. The brand gained strong momentum in
premium offerings, supported by the launch of Engage
Brazilian Maracuja EDPs and accelerated growth across
e-Commerce and Quick Commerce platforms. Assorted
perfume packs were scaled up to address diverse
consumer moods and occasions. During the year,
the brand also entered the growing roll-on segment
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s Personal Care Products Business delivered a resilient performance,
while continuing to strengthen its core strategic levers of building brands with purpose,
driving first-in-category innovation, investing in categories of the future, and accelerating
presence in emerging channels. The premium portfolio remained a key growth driver,
reinforcing the focus on enhancing brand equity and delivering superior consumer
experiences through innovative and differentiated offerings.

with differentiated anti-perspirant offerings featuring
Fresh-Encap
Technology
engagement with younger consumers through high-impact
digital campaigns and influencer advocacy. Leveraging
robust R&D capabilities and in-house manufacturing,
the Business continues to deliver high-quality fragrances
that resonate with discerning consumers.
In the Home Care segment, the Nimyle range of products
continued to build a differentiated position in the floor
cleaner category anchored in its promise of 100% natural
action with no chemical residue, offering germ protection
that is safe for kids and pets. During the year, the brand
sustained healthy growth, with its strong natural credentials
enhancing its brand equity, reinforced through its impactful
proposition Gaadha Bhi, Asardar Bhi - highlighting
its high consistency and efficacy. The brand has been
certified as GreenPro - an internationally recognised
eco-label and endorsed by the World Neem Organisation.
Anchored in its core values and a clear brand proposition,
Nimyle remains committed to deepen consumer connect
and expand availability across touchpoints.
Your
Company s
state-of-the-art,
digitally
enabled
facility
Neemgarh
(West
Bengal)
manufactures world-class personal care products and
supports advanced neem-based research through an
on-site neem orchard that houses more than 50 neem
ecotypes sourced from across India. As the first dedicated
personal care plant in a key growth market, the Neemgarh
facility enhances supply chain agility, optimises costs
and significantly reduces lead times, strengthening
Company s
presence
eastern
north-eastern markets.
Your Company continues to strengthen its commitment
Sustainability
adoption
post-consumer recycled (PCR) plastics. These initiatives
were recognised with two CII Sustainable Plastic
Packaging Awards 2025 for recycled content, integration
and recyclable packaging innovation.
Your Company continued to earn recognition across
leading global and regional advertising platforms, reflecting
the effectiveness of its purpose-led communication,
digital-first storytelling and health education initiatives
brand
equity
consumer
trust.
The Savlon Swasth India Mission - Handwash Legends
campaign secured multiple accolades at The One Show,
D&AD, Clio Awards, AdFest and Spikes Asia. Additionally,
the Savlon Jab Tak Aap Haath Nahi Dhote campaign
received multiple awards at the Kyoorius Creative Awards
for excellence in film across TV, cinema and digital
platforms. Nimyle was awarded Gold at the afaqs! Awards
for Best Influencer Campaign.
The Business, with its purpose-led brands serving
discerning
consumers
dynamically
evolving
environment, is well-poised to capitalise on future
growth opportunities underpinned by its customer-centric
innovative pipeline, impactful communications, institutional
strength
R&D
&
formulations,
state-of-the-art
manufacturing capability, packaging know-how and
an expanding omni-channel distribution footprint.
Education and Stationery Products
The Business delivered a resilient performance during
the year in the backdrop of subdued realisation amidst
deflationary conditions due to low-priced paper imports and
opportunistic play by local/regional players. Performance
in the second half of the year improved significantly driven
by focused interventions and calibrated pricing actions,
with the flagship brand Classmate consolidating its
market leadership position in the Notebooks segment.
The Business continued to draw on your Company s
institutional strengths, including paper manufacturing
expertise, brand-building capabilities and omni-channel
distribution infrastructure. Supported by the capabilities
of your Company s LSTC, the Business developed
differentiated,
superior-quality
driving
premiumisation in the core notebooks category.
In keeping with its proposition of Enjoy Learning , the
Classmate brand continues to provide differentiated
offerings through technology via eduGAMES Infinity,
that provides students the opportunity to play and
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s state-of-the-art, digitally enabled manufacturing facility at Neemgarh (West Bengal)
manufactures world-class personal care products and supports advanced neem-based research
through an on-site neem orchard that houses more than 50 neem ecotypes sourced from across India.
As the first dedicated personal care plant in a key growth market, the Neemgarh facility enhances
supply chain agility, optimises costs and significantly reduces lead times, strengthening
your Company s presence across eastern and north-eastern markets.

learn new skills. Further, drawing inspiration from the
much-loved puzzles featured on the last page of Classmate
notebooks, the brand introduced Design Discoveries - a
differentiated design-led engagement initiative aimed
at enhancing consumer interaction with the brand.
By blending creativity with engagement, Classmate aims to
make learning more enjoyable while supporting cognitive
development. The new range has elicited encouraging
response from the student community.
The Business also launched a 360-degree campaign,
Every Student Deserves a Classmate across target
markets, sharply reinforcing the brand s position as a
reliable, high-quality, sustainable companion in a student s
academic journey, focusing on empowering learning and
creativity.
In line with the premiumisation strategy, the Business
has been driving growth of differentiated and premium
products. The Classmate Pulse range of premium
notebooks witnessed rapid growth, driven by product
innovation and execution excellence across channels.
The Paperkraft portfolio, a premium stationery offering for
professional and personal needs, was further strengthened
with the launch of a range of notebooks tailored for
Quick Commerce channel.
In the Writing Instruments portfolio, the Classmate Pens
range was augmented through differentiated design
extensions such as Octane Shine & Warrior Series.
The Mathematical Instruments portfolio was revamped
through refreshed designs and introduction of premium
range of geometry boxes, Explorer and Spectra ,
enabling clearer portfolio segmentation.
The multi-channel capability of your Company s strong
distribution network was leveraged to enhance availability
and drive sales. The Business sustained its leadership
position on e-Commerce platforms through consistent
availability of a wide assortment of products, backed by
focused interventions to enhance consumer traction.
Equipped with state-of-the-art technology and a quality
lab, the dedicated manufacturing facility at Vijayawada
enables the Business to develop differentiated notebook
formats, drive cost efficiencies and enhance capabilities
to address opportunities in overseas markets.
The Classmate and Paperkraft range of notebooks
leverage your Company s world-class fibre line at
Bhadrachalam - India s first ozone treated elemental
chlorine free facility - and embody the environmental
capital built by your Company in its Paper Business. The
Business also continues to scale-up the Paperkraft range
(FSC -C181115) of notebooks using Forest Stewardship
Council (FSC ) certified paper (FSC -C064218), made
at your Company s paper mill at Bhadrachalam.
With over 300 million students, India has one of the largest
education systems in the world. The Indian Education and
Stationery Products industry holds immense potential
driven by growing literacy, increasing enrolment ratios, the
Government s continued thrust on the education sector
and a favourable demographic profile of the country s
population. Your Company s Education and Stationery
Products Business, with its strong brands, robust product
portfolio, collaborative linkages with small & medium
enterprises and superior distribution network, is well-poised
to sustain its leadership position in the industry.
Incense Sticks (Agarbattis) and Safety Matches
The Incense Sticks (Agarbattis) category sustained
its robust growth momentum during the year, with
your Company s flagship brand, Mangaldeep , further
strengthening its market standing across formats including
agarbatti, dhoop and sambrani. Anchored in deep
consumer insights, Mangaldeep offers a differentiated
product experience that remains culturally authentic,
while also resonating with contemporary consumers.
The brand s spiritual connect continues to be reinforced
through focused marketing initiatives and sustained
activation of the brand campaign Dil Se Karo Baat,
Bhagwan ke Saath , which has struck a powerful chord
with consumers across the country.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s Education & Stationery Products Business continued to draw
on its institutional strengths, including paper manufacturing expertise, brand-building
capabilities and omni-channel distribution infrastructure. Supported by the capabilities of
your Company s LSTC, the Business developed differentiated, superior-quality products,
driving premiumisation in the core notebooks category.

During
year,
Business
delivered
volume-led revenue growth. Inflationary pressures in input
prices were mitigated through judicious mix enhancement
and strategic cost optimisation, thereby sustaining
profitability.
The Business continues to scale up its core portfolio and
strengthen new launches to drive growth. During the
year, Mangaldeep Nature was launched in two variants -
Green Forest and Flower Valley - bringing nature-inspired
fragrances to consumers. Further, the Business continued
to augment its agarbatti portfolio with modern fragrances
through sub-brands such as Scent , in line with evolving
consumer preferences for contemporary and fine-fragrance
inspired offerings.
The Mangaldeep range of dhoop was augmented
with the launch of two innovative variants in Premium
Wet Dhoop - Kesar Kumkum and Black Musk .
Mangaldeep reinforced its positioning as an enabler
of devotion by bringing alive the Ayodhya Deepotsav
experience to lakhs of devotees across India through an
Augmented Reality (AR) powered microsite; with over
26 lakh diyas lit on a single day, the initiative received
recognition as a Guinness World Record Event.
In line with its premiumisation strategy, the Business
strengthened its presence in emerging formats such as
dry dhoop sticks, dry dhoop cones and sambrani cups.
These formats combine convenience and performance
with the authenticity of rituals, while catering to evolving
consumer aspirations.
In a pioneering step towards inclusive innovation,
Mangaldeep
collaborate
over
200 visually impaired fragrance evaluators under the
Sixth Sense initiative. This unique programme enables
co-creation of fragrances, helping the brand deliver
long-lasting and rich sensorial offerings while fostering
inclusive growth.
Catering to the emerging wellness segment, the Business
launched a premium aromatherapy range under the brand
Pranah , comprising scented candles, incense sticks and
cones. The range harmonises natural inspiration with
science-backed wellness propositions. These launches
elicited encouraging response from discerning consumers.
Over the years, the Business has implemented several
measures to enhance the competitiveness of the
agarbatti value chain in India. These include import
substitution, backward integration, and the manufacture
of raw battis using indigenous inputs. The Business
has led the development of in-house manufacturing
capabilities for raw battis, including coloured batti,
bambooless incense and premium formats, while working
closely with manufacturers and nodal agencies of key
state governments for sourcing Indian bamboo sticks.
These initiatives align with national priorities on
employment generation and inclusive growth, supporting
income enhancement across the agarbatti and raw batti
ecosystem, and creating structural cost and supply
advantages for the Business.
In the Safety Matches industry, the Business strengthened
its market leadership position by leveraging the brand
Homelites , anchored in a differentiated positioning of
stronger, longer and karborised sticks. The Business
continues to scale up the share of value-added products
in its portfolio and enhance supply chain efficiency by
sourcing products manufactured closer to markets.
Your Company remains confident of scaling up its
Agarbattis and Safety Matches portfolio and enhancing
its market standing in the segment.
TRADE MARKETING & DISTRIBUTION
Your Company s Trade Marketing & Distribution (TM&D)
vertical continues to strengthen its smart omni-channel
go-to-market capabilities to ensure efficient market
servicing and product availability. Through sharper
channel strategies and agile execution, TM&D is
proactively addressing emerging trends, including the
accelerated expansion of NewGen Channels (viz. Modern
Trade, e-Commerce & Quick Commerce) and the growing
demand for premium products.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
The Incense Sticks (Agarbattis) category sustained its robust growth momentum
during the year, with your Company s flagship brand, Mangaldeep , further strengthening
its market standing across formats including agarbatti. In a pioneering step towards
inclusive innovation, Mangaldeep continues to collaborate with over 200 visually
impaired fragrance evaluators under the Sixth Sense initiative.

During the year, significant changes in the GST regime
were orchestrated seamlessly through coordinated supply
chain management, ensuring continuity of operations and
uninterrupted market servicing across markets.
India s FMCG distribution landscape is characterised
by diverse consumer cohorts, multiple and fast-evolving
channels, varied socio-economic conditions and a
vast geographic footprint. Against this structurally
complex backdrop, TM&D continues to effectively deploy
differentiated channel and regional playbooks, leveraging
deep consumer and trade insights to drive superior
execution and outcomes in product availability, visibility
and freshness.
Your Company s omni-channel distribution network
enables availability across nearly seven million retail
outlets, over 40% of which are serviced directly. Direct
servicing has been further strengthened, expanding
reach across new markets and outlets. Overall market
coverage has increased to appx. 2.1x of pre-pandemic
levels. TM&D s wide and deep distribution network,
anchored by cutting-edge digital capabilities, provides the
FMCG Businesses with significant competitive strength.
In this context, the rapid growth of Modern Trade,
e-Commerce and Quick Commerce, coupled with
the emergence of new players, continues to reshape
routes-to-market. TM&D is strengthening omni-channel
capabilities and customer partnerships, supported by agile
supply chain and shopper marketing, to enhance execution
effectiveness and improve operating efficiencies.
The surge in smartphone-led internet usage, widespread
adoption of digital payments, wider assortments and
faster fulfilment continue to increase the salience of
e-Commerce and Quick Commerce channels. Your
Company s collaborations with leading platforms across
category development, integrated supply chains, consumer
offerings and customer acquisition are enabling strong
scale-up of sales in these channels, supported by exclusive
assortments, channel-specific plans and Digital-First
brands. Joint Business Plans, executed in close coordination
with these platforms and complemented by agile supply
chain initiatives, are strengthening your Company s market
standing. Digitally enabled sales have grown rapidly in
recent years and, together with Modern Trade, now account
for 34%9 of your Company s FMCG portfolio.
Within the omni-channel architecture, the General Trade
channel continues to deliver resilient performance through
a focused market approach and a differentiated portfolio.
In response to heightened competition and accelerating
channel shifts in urban markets, TM&D is strengthening
data-led execution and technology enablement to
enhance retail engagement, last-mile productivity and
premiumisation in high-potential outlets. The digitally
powered eB2B platform of your Company, UNNATI,
continues to be scaled up, covering more than eight lakh
outlets. UNNATI enables sharper & direct engagement
with retailers, superior analytics and personalised
hyperlocal recommendations based on purchase insights,
thereby deepening brand engagement and strengthening
the trade ecosystem.
In rural markets, TM&D continues to implement
market-specific interventions to enhance direct coverage,
guided by socio-economic indicators and market potential.
This is supported through a hub-and-spoke distribution
model and extensive rural stockist network to deepen
reach across priority markets. Leveraging synergies with
the deep rural connect of your Company s Agri Business,
TM&D continues to undertake extensive consumer
activations in high-potential rural areas, supported by
market development initiatives and enhancements to
the digital ecosystem for the stockist channel, thereby
strengthening availability of your Company s product
range in rural markets.
The Food Service and Institutional channels continue
to witness growth, leveraging existing partnerships and
your Company s wide product range. Strategic partnerships
are unlocking new routes-to-market across specialised
segments, including on-the-go, direct marketing and Quick
Service Restaurants (QSRs).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
9. Excluding Education and Stationery Products
Your Company s Trade Marketing & Distribution (TM&D) vertical continues to strengthen
its smart omni-channel go-to-market capabilities. IT is proactively addressing emerging trends,
including the accelerated expansion of NewGen Channels (viz. Modern Trade, e-Commerce &
Quick Commerce) and the growing demand for premium products. Digitally enabled sales
have grown rapidly in recent years and, together with Modern Trade,
now account for 34% of your Company s FMCG portfolio.

Underpinning these channel strategies, TM&D continues to
leverage emerging digital technologies such as Generative
AI to further strengthen market servicing, automate
operations and enhance execution effectiveness.
Industry-leading
digital
deployed
the entire Order-to-Cash cycle in both traditional and
NewGen channels, have enabled business growth,
facilitating seamless transactions and faster working
capital turnaround for trade partners. To address the
digital payments and financing needs of customers and
retailers, your Company forged strategic collaborations
with banks and FinTech partners. Integrated with the
UNNATI platform, these solutions are strengthening digital
adoption across the trade ecosystem and supporting
sustainable growth.
The scale and diversity of your Company s go-to-market
footprint remain pivotal in enhancing market presence,
generating valuable consumer and trade insights and
enabling effective execution of product launches across
geographies. To leverage new routes-to-market and
meet the assortment needs of NewGen channels, your
Company executed nearly 100 new product launches
across target markets, while extending availability and
visibility of existing products.
TM&D is driving structural improvements in operational
effectiveness and productivity. Your Company continues
to leverage an integrated planning and supply chain tool,
powered by advanced algorithms, to enhance forecast
accuracy, improve inventory productivity and strengthen
supply chain agility. These initiatives support improved
servicing and availability of the premium portfolio across
priority urban and rural markets.
Alongside capability-building and in line with your
Company s commitment to the Triple Bottom Line , TM&D
continues to advance adoption of renewable energy
and expand Green Logistics initiatives for mid-mile and
last-mile deliveries in key cities. Collaborations with
Original Equipment Manufacturers and fleet aggregators
are supporting increased deployment of Electric Vehicles
(EVs) in TM&D operations, with EV trips rising by nearly
40% over the previous year.
TM&D s distribution highway is a source of sustainable
competitive advantage for your Company s FMCG
Businesses and is well-positioned to support rapid
scale-up in the ensuing years. This strength is enabled by
strong systems and processes, an agile and responsive
supply chain, a cutting-edge digital ecosystem and
synergistic partnerships across channels.
FRESH FOOD
The Indian food services industry continues to present
attractive long-term growth potential, underpinned by
favourable demographics, increasing urbanisation and
rising consumer purchasing power. The rapid expansion
of online food delivery is enlarging the addressable
market by enhancing consumer access and accelerating
the transition towards organised, branded food offerings.
Envisaged under the ITC Next strategy as a new vector
of growth, your Company incubated the Fresh Food
Business to participate in the fast-growing online food
services segment and to widen access to premium
food experiences for Indian consumers. The Business
leverages your Company s institutional strengths in Food
Science & Manufacturing, its trusted FMCG food brands
and deep consumer insights, and culinary expertise built
through ITC Hotels Limited, to create differentiated and
contemporary food propositions.
The Business is anchored on a portfolio of distinct
brands - ITC Master Chef Creations , ITC Aashirvaad
Soul Creations , ITC Sunfeast Baked Creations , and
Sansho by ITC Master Chef - which are designed to
address multiple cuisines, price points and consumption
occasions, while reinforcing your Company s proposition
of quality, authenticity and innovation.
-
ITC Master Chef Creations offers chef-crafted,
gourmet
North
Indian
cuisine,
craftsmanship and consistent quality to build a
scalable premium proposition.
-
ITC Aashirvaad Soul Creations is a pure vegetarian
brand focused on wholesome, home-style Indian
meals inspired by regional recipes, addressing
everyday
consumption
needs
trust
authenticity.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Envisaged under the ITC Next strategy as a new vector of growth, your Company incubated
the Fresh Food Business to participate in the fast-growing online food services segment and
to widen access to premium food experiences for Indian consumers. The Business is anchored
on a portfolio of distinct brands - ITC Master Chef Creations , ITC Aashirvaad Soul Creations ,
ITC Sunfeast Baked Creations , and Sansho by ITC Master Chef - which are designed
to address multiple cuisines, price points and consumption occasions.

-
ITC Sunfeast Baked Creations offers premium baked
products, strengthening your Company s presence
in indulgence-led occasions through innovation and
superior product experience.
-
Sansho by ITC Master Chef , launched during the
year, is a premium Pan-Asian brand that extends the
portfolio into contemporary cuisine formats.
The brands are currently present across select metropolitan
markets and are offered to consumers through leading
online food delivery platforms. The brands received top
ratings across platforms with excellent feedback, reflecting
growing consumer franchise.
The Business has developed a differentiated capability
stack across product development, quality assurance,
customer experience, and a tech-enabled operating system,
enabling consistent delivery of premium food propositions.
The Business continues to focus on strengthening these
capabilities, deepening technology integration, and refining
execution to sustain the growth momentum.
During the year, the Business strengthened its presence
across the cuisine segments and markets in which IT
operates, supported by improving consumer traction. With
sustained focus on consistent food quality and service
standards, the Business recorded rapid growth and
also expanded its operating footprint to appx. 70 cloud
kitchens.
With a focused, consumer-led approach, the Business
introduced a range of differentiated, first-to-market
offerings during the year. This included festival and
occasion-led propositions curated for key festivals and
special occasions (including Diwali, Christmas/New Year,
Eid and Mother s Day) to sustain consumer engagement
and enhance brand relevance.
Going forward, the Business will prioritise menu
and format innovation, portfolio premiumisation and
strengthening proposition architecture, while maintaining
strong governance over quality, consistency and customer
experience.
Your Company intends to scale the Fresh Food Business
rapidly across select geographies in India. Supported
by a differentiated brand portfolio and your Company s
institutional strengths in Food Science & Manufacturing,
FMCG brand-building and culinary expertise, the Business
will focus on deepening consumer relevance, building
leadership positions in chosen cuisine formats and
strengthening the pathway to profitable growth through
disciplined execution.
Following an appreciable scale-up since incubation, the
Business is being reported under the Others segment
for the first time in the current year, along with ITC Grand
Central Hotel, Mumbai.
PAPERBOARDS, PAPER AND PACKAGING
Paperboards & Specialty Papers
During the year, the Indian Paper and Paperboard industry
continued to operate in a challenging environment,
characterised by low-priced supplies of paperboards
and paper from China and Indonesia in global markets,
including India, as well as weak demand conditions,
resulting in subdued realisations. On the inputs front,
wood costs remained elevated during the year, reflecting
tight supply conditions. The cumulative impact of subdued
realisations and sharp surge in wood costs exerted
pressure on margins. The Business partially mitigated
these challenges by leveraging the structural strengths
of its integrated model, accelerating value-led customer
engagement, deepening digital-led productivity and quality
interventions, and scaling up the portfolio of sustainable
plastic-substitution solutions (PlaSub).
Influx of low-priced imports into the country, particularly
from China, Indonesia and Chile, has been a source of
threat to the domestic Paper and Paperboard industry in
recent years. The imposition of Minimum Import Price (MIP)
on Virgin Multi-layer Paperboard w.e.f. 22nd August 2025,
provided interim relief to the industry, with import volumes
progressively declining thereafter. However, suitable
safeguard measures are needed at a policy level to
enable the Indian industry to compete on a level playing
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company entered into a Business Transfer Agreement to acquire the
Century Pulp and Paper ( CPP ). IT is a well-established player in the Indian Paper industry with an
installed capacity of 4.8 Lakh tonnes per annum. CPP is a one-of-a-kind asset with a strong strategic fit
with your Company s Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business. The acquisition will add meaningful scale
and economies to existing operations, provide a locational advantage for efficient customer servicing and
proximity to key raw material sources, enhance resilience and portfolio diversification.

field. Representations are being made by the Indian
industry with the policy makers in this regard, which are
under active consideration.
Wood procurement prices also began to moderate aided
by improved availability on the back of sustained plantation
and sourcing interventions. With the moderation in wood
prices and green shoots of improvement in realisations
following the imposition of MIP, the Business witnessed a
gradual recovery in operating performance in the second
half of the year.
The Business continues to focus on strengthening
long-term fibre security through structural programmes
plantations,
catchment
expansion
productivity enhancement, which remain key enablers
of competitiveness and resilience. To address long-term
fibre security, the Business is pursuing a multi-pronged
strategy spanning catchment expansion and productivity
enhancement, alongside structured engagement with
policy stakeholders to enable collaborative plantation
models.
Wood and wood fibre-based industries in India have been
representing to the Government over the years to allow
industries to raise tree plantation on available degraded
forest land. Policy in this regard would enable domestic
industries to become self-sufficient and cost competitive
vis-à-vis wood and wood fibre-based industries in
South-East Asian countries where such provision of
industry involvement in raising plantations over degraded
forest land exists. This would also facilitate saving
precious foreign exchange through import substitution.
Further,
per
Report
Paper
Industry
Indian
Paper
Manufacturers
Association
(IPMA), IT is estimated that harnessing an additional
2.5 million hectares of degraded land for the agroforestry
programme, could generate employment opportunities
for appx. one million persons, while supplementing
farmer incomes, enhancing green cover and ensuring
adequate availability of raw materials for domestic
wood-based industries.
The recent amendments to the Forest (Conservation) Act
Guidelines that enables private sector participation along
with state governments to raise plantations on degraded
forest land, augurs well for long-term domestic fibre
availability in the country. Your Company is engaging with
the state governments to progress this initiative.
Despite the challenging operating environment as stated
above, the Business sustained its leadership position in
the Value-Added Paperboard (VAP) segment through
focused innovations and development of customised
solutions tailored for end-use industries. The Business
also consolidated its leadership position in the eco-labelled
products and premium recycled paperboards segments.
During the year, the Specialty Papers segment witnessed
robust growth driven by capacity augmentation in
Décor paper completed in FY 2024-25. Market standing
in the segment continues to be driven by product mix
enrichment and diversification of the customer base.
IT may be recalled that your Company entered into a
Business Transfer Agreement on 31st March, 2025 to
acquire the Century Pulp and Paper Undertaking ( CPP )
of Aditya Birla Real Estate Limited ( ABREL ) at Lalkuan
(Nainital, Uttarakhand). Commissioned in 1984, CPP is a
well-established player in the Indian Paper industry with
an installed capacity of 4.8 lakh tonnes per annum.
CPP is a one-of-a-kind asset with a strong strategic fit
with your Company s Paperboards & Specialty Papers
Business. The acquisition will add meaningful scale and
economies to existing operations, provide a locational
advantage for efficient customer servicing and proximity
to key raw material sources, enhance resilience
through multi-site operations and portfolio diversification
across industry cycles. The acquisition aligns with your
Company s strategy of driving the next horizon of growth
in the Paperboards and Specialty Papers Business by
expanding capacity at a new location, considering that
the existing facilities are near saturation. The Competition
Commission of India has approved the proposed
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
The Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business has adopted a multi-tiered strategy to
capitalise on this opportunity and build solutions that will replace single use plastics. Within
the sustainable products portfolio - Platform 1 comprises a range of recyclable, compostable
and barrier coated boards; Platform 2 comprises a range of first-to-market Fusion boards that are
fully recyclable and replace plastic foam board and Platform 3 offers futuristic packaging solutions
comprising premium Moulded Fibre Products (MFP) made from renewable natural fibres.

acquisition on 16th December, 2025. Further, the
Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change
has accorded approval, on 18th March, 2026, for the
transfer of leased forest land in favour of your Company.
With the receipt of key statutory approvals, the acquisition
of the CPP undertaking is expected to be completed in the
near term.
IT is pertinent to note that India s per capita consumption
of paper at appx. 16 kgs per annum is significantly
lower when compared to the global average of 57 kgs,
reflecting immense headroom for long-term growth.
Further, the sustainable paperboards and packaging
space continues to offer a significant scale-up opportunity,
driven by increasing demand for bio-based alternatives,
increasing emphasis on recyclability & compostability
and evolving customer & regulatory requirements. These
trends are translating into sustained demand across
sectors, particularly in the food service, food delivery,
beauty & personal care, pharmaceuticals and consumer
goods segment.
The Business has adopted a multi-tiered strategy to
capitalise on this opportunity and build solutions that
will replace single use plastics and meet emergent
consumer needs. Within the sustainable products
portfolio - Platform 1 comprises a range of recyclable,
compostable and barrier coated boards and includes the
Filo series - FiloBev (for beverage cups), FiloServe
(for QSRs, bakeries, food retail), FiloPack & FiloTub
(for food packaging applications), FiloBowl (for select meal
and delivery formats) and FiloBev Mini (an economic cup
variant for short servings). The Filo series solutions have
also been certified as compostable by the Central Institute
of Petrochemicals Engineering & Technology (CIPET).
During the year, the Filo portfolio recorded double-digit
growth in the domestic market, supported by strong
consumer traction of sustainable packaging solutions.
Platform 2 comprises a range of first-to-market Fusion
boards that are fully recyclable and replace plastic foam
board. End-use applications include indoor display
solutions involving replacement of plastic signboards
and shelves. This platform continues to witness growing
market traction, driven by increasing demand for recyclable
alternatives for display and signage applications.
Platform
3
offers
futuristic
comprising premium Moulded Fibre Products (MFP)
made from renewable natural fibres such as wood,
bamboo, bagasse, wastepaper, etc. Your Company s
wholly-owned subsidiary, ITC Fibre Innovations Limited
(IFIL), forayed into the fast-growing MFP space with the
commissioning of a state-of-the-art MFP manufacturing
facility in Badiyakhedi, Madhya Pradesh in March 2024.
During the year, IFIL carried out extensive prototyping
and sampling to support the development of Next-Gen
products. The Business faced challenges largely due
to US tariff related disruptions. Plans are on the anvil to
accelerate growth in this segment through focused market
development anchored on a differentiated MFP portfolio
leveraging innovation and agile operations.
A
Packaging
Board
Centre
Excellence
institutionalised
last
deepen
customer
engagement, improve product performance and focus on
new-gen product development. During the year, focused
efforts were undertaken towards building new platforms,
strengthening structural capabilities, and seeding select
high-entry-barrier niches to support sustainable growth.
The Business continues to procure wood, a key raw
material, from sustainable sources. Research on
clonal development has enabled the introduction of
high-yielding and disease-resistant clones that are
adaptable to a wide variety of agro-climatic conditions.
This has not only aided in increasing farmer incomes
but also enabled greater consistency in farmer earnings.
In this context, your Company s LSTC remains actively
engaged in developing second generation clones with
enhanced yield potential and improved pest & disease
resistant attributes. The Business continues to focus on
scaling up wood sourcing from core catchment areas
and has increased plantations in these regions during
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business continues to be a pioneer in
the adoption and deployment of digital and Industry 4.0 technologies. An AI-led analytics platform
supports faster, data-driven decision-making across key processes in the wood-to-paper value chain,
strengthening operational reliability, quality consistency and resource efficiency.

the year. In addition, initiatives such as bund plantations
and the expansion of plantations in new catchment
areas, including Odisha and Chhattisgarh, have enabled
enhanced wood procurement from such new areas, with
further potential for increasing cost-effective access
to fibre in the future. During the year, the Business
achieved its highest-ever plantation coverage of around
66,000 hectares, reinforcing long-term fibre security and
supporting sustainable livelihoods across its farm-forestry
ecosystem.
Your Company has the distinction of being the first in India
to have obtained the Forest Stewardship Council-Forest
Management (FSC -FM) (FSC -C102390) certification,
which confirms compliance with the highest international
benchmarks of plantation management across the
dimensions of environmental responsibility, social benefit,
and economic viability. Till date, your Company has
received FSC -FM certification for over 1.65 lakh acres
of plantations involving over 26,000 farmers. During
the year, nearly 3.17 lakh tonnes of FSC -certified
wood was procured from these certified plantations.
Your Company sustained its position as the leading
supplier of FSC -certified paper and paperboards
(FSC -C064218) in India.
Your Company s Paperboards & Specialty Papers
Business continues to be a pioneer in the adoption and
deployment of digital and Industry 4.0 technologies.
An
AI-led
analytics
platform
supports
faster,
data-driven decision-making across key processes in the
wood-to-paper value chain, strengthening operational
reliability, quality consistency and resource efficiency.
Over the last few years, the Business has been
executing a structured and outcome-oriented digital
transformation programme spanning manufacturing,
supply chain and enabling functions. As the Business
has evolved its digital operating model, transitioning from
project-based execution to a product-led approach, the
in-house Digital App Suite has scaled to over
80 applications, strengthening advanced analytics,
simulation-led
decision
root-cause
diagnostics across the value chain. Digital interventions
today span Industrial IoT-enabled smart operations,
integrated
enterprise
data
platforms,
AI/ML-based
process optimisation & decarbonisation of operations,
image & video analytics for automated quality inspection,
computer-vision driven workforce safety solutions and
digital traceability systems aligned with evolving regulatory
requirements.
The Business leadership in digital excellence continues
to be recognised globally. During the year, the Business
was conferred with the Aegis Graham Bell Award in the
Innovation in Manufacturing category.
The Business has strengthened its customer-centric supply
chain capabilities through a dedicated vertical focused on
service excellence and end-to-end optimisation. These
initiatives have improved service performance (including
On-Time-In-Full delivery) and reduced order fulfilment
timelines. During the year, advanced planning capabilities
were also enhanced through the implementation of
a demand planning module, enabling better forecast
accuracy and more agile, data-driven decision-making.
The Business has adopted and institutionalised the
principles of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), Lean
and Six Sigma for over two decades now and continues
to reap substantial benefits through several Business
Excellence initiatives.
The
Business
advance
circularity
and resource efficiency across its operations. All
manufacturing units recycle nearly 100% of solid waste
generated during operations by converting the same into
lime, fly ash bricks, cement, grey boards, egg trays, etc.
In addition, the Business recycled appx. 1.11 lakh tonnes
of wastepaper during the year, reinforcing its positive solid
waste recycling footprint.
In line with the objective of enhancing the share of
renewable energy in its operations, the Business has
implemented several initiatives including investments in
a green boiler, high efficiency circulating fluidised bed
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business
leadership in digital excellence continues to be recognised globally.
During the year, the Business was conferred with the Aegis Graham Bell Award
in the Innovation in Manufacturing category.

(CFBC) boiler, solar & wind energy and increased usage
of biofuels. The commissioning of the state-of-the-art
High Pressure Recovery Boiler at the Bhadrachalam mill
is progressively enhancing renewable energy share and
reducing the carbon footprint of the unit by significantly
lowering coal consumption. These investments are a
testament to your Company s commitment towards
embedding sustainability in its operations and supporting
the Make in India initiative. With these initiatives,
renewable sources presently account for more than
50% of total energy consumption across the four
manufacturing units of the Business.
The manufacturing facilities at Bhadrachalam, Kovai,
Tribeni and Bollaram continue to receive industry
recognition for their green credentials and safety
standards in line with the focus on sustainable business
practices. The Bhadrachalam unit is the first pulp &
paper plant and the second in the country, to be rated
GreenCo Platinum+ by CII, as part of the Green Company
rating system. The Kovai unit has also been accorded
the GreenCo Platinum+ rating by CII. The Kovai unit is the
first site in India and the first paper mill in the world to
achieve the highest Platinum rating under the Alliance for
Water Stewardship Standards . The Bhadrachalam unit
also received Alliance for Water Stewardship Platinum
certification.
In recognition of energy efficient initiatives, both
Bhadrachalam and Kovai units were conferred with the
Excellent Energy Efficient Unit Award at the 26th National
Awards for Excellence in Energy Management, 2025,
instituted by CII. The Bhadrachalam unit has additionally
been recognised as a Noteworthy Water Efficient Unit
under the Within-the-Fence category at the CII National
Awards for Excellence in Water Management, 2025.
The Kovai unit was honoured with the Best Kaizen for
Sustainability Award at the 11th CII National Kaizen Circle
Competition, 2025.
The Paperboards industry remains closely aligned
with national priorities of rural employment generation
and sustainable resource utilisation, while meeting the
evolving paper and packaging needs of Indian consumers.
The industry currently employs over two million persons
directly and indirectly across the value chain, supported
by substantial investments in recent years that have
strengthened domestic value chains.
With structural drivers of demand in the Indian economy
expected to remain strong over the medium and
long-term, the prospects for the paperboards industry
is poised for robust growth in the years ahead.
Key growth drivers include favourable demographic trends,
rapid urbanisation, a growing middle class, increasing
substitution of plastic with sustainable alternatives, and
supportive macroeconomic trends, reinforced by recently
concluded FTAs and India s emergence as a global
manufacturing hub.
End-user segments such as Pharmaceuticals, Apparel,
QSRs / Food Service, FMCG, consumer durables and
e-Commerce are anticipated to register strong growth.
Demand for Writing & Printing paper is also anticipated to
remain firm on the back of requirements from the publishing
and notebooks industries driven by the Government s
thrust on primary and secondary education.
The integrated nature of your Company s business
model is a key source of competitive advantage
for the Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business.
This advantage is underpinned by secure access to
high-quality, cost-competitive and renewable fibre;
continuous development of high-yielding, disease-resistant
clonal saplings; efficient and resilient manufacturing
enabled by in-house pulp capability, imported pulp
substitution and world-class facilities; and sustained
improvement through product and process innovation,
energy efficiency and digital / Industry 4.0 adoption. These
strengths are further reinforced by robust forward linkages
with the Education and Stationery Products Business and
the Packaging and Printing Business. Your Company is
confident of further consolidating its leadership position
in the Indian Paper and Paperboards industry leveraging
recent investments in innovation platforms anchored on
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
The integrated nature of your Company s business model is a key source of competitive advantage
for the Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business. This advantage is underpinned by secure access
to high-quality, cost-competitive and renewable fibre; continuous development of high-yielding,
disease-resistant clonal saplings; efficient and resilient manufacturing enabled by in-house pulp capability,
imported pulp substitution and world-class facilities; and sustained improvement through
product and process innovation, energy efficiency and digital / Industry 4.0 adoption.

the development of sustainable products and cutting-edge
digital technologies to set new benchmarks in customer
satisfaction, operational excellence, and sustainability.
Packaging and Printing
Your Company s Packaging and Printing Business is a
leading provider of differentiated and innovative packaging
solutions across carton and flexible packaging platforms,
widely acknowledged for its operational excellence, quality
and reliability. Leveraging world-class infrastructure and
integrated end-to-end capabilities including distributed
manufacturing footprint, in-house cylinder making and
blown film lines, the Business delivers packaging that
meets stringent functional requirements while elevating
the branded product experience.
The Business serves leading customers across Food &
Beverage, Personal Care, Home Care, Footwear,
Consumer Electronics & Electricals, QSRs, Pharma,
Liquor, Tobacco and other end-use segments. Consistent
performance on quality, reliability and competitiveness
has strengthened its position as a preferred packaging
partner to reputed FMCG companies. The Business also
provides strategic support to your Company s FMCG
Businesses and Cigarettes Business by facilitating faster
turnaround for new launches, innovative & sustainable
packaging solutions, design changes and ensuring
security of supplies.
During the year, the operating environment was marked
by heightened uncertainty and volatility along with
increased competitive intensity. Against this backdrop,
the Business demonstrated resilience and continued to
pursue new business development opportunities across
segments while strengthening capabilities aligned to
customer priorities.
Innovation remains a key strategic pillar, anchored in
deep understanding of end-user requirements and the
capabilities of your Company s LSTC. Under the flagship
InnovPack range of sustainable packaging solutions,
the Business has established a robust innovative
pipeline of solutions developed through molecular
science research aligned with rising sustainability
expectations and the transition to plastic alternatives.
This includes offerings such as compostable barrier
solutions (Bioseal), recyclable coating systems to
enhance barrier performance (Oxyblock) and coatings
designed to support hygiene-sensitive applications
(Germ-free coating). Multiple initiatives aligned to the
principles of Reducing, Reusing and Recycling of plastic
substrates are progressing across stages of customer
validation and commercialisation.
The Business continues to strengthen its competitiveness
through systematic processes to deliver excellence in
execution and quality, productivity and waste reduction,
supported by capability building and digital enablement.
In line with its long-term roadmap, the Business continues
to scale up Industry 4.0 adoption across its units.
The Business performance and capabilities were
prestigious
international
national awards, including the WorldStar awards in pack
premiumisation and sustainability, as well as accolades
from leading industry bodies for excellence in packaging
and customer service. These include the IFCA Star
awards, the SIES SOP Star Awards, FIPSA Awards for
excellence in packaging. The Business was also awarded
the Customer Service Company of the Year 2025
by PrintWeek.
The Business maintains robust management systems for
quality, environment, occupational health and safety, and
social and ethical compliance, supported by recognised
third-party certifications and customer audits. Certain
units are also certified to global packaging standards
and sustainability frameworks, reinforcing the Business
ability to serve hygiene-sensitive and export-oriented
applications as well as customers with enhanced
sustainability requirements. All four units of the Business
are certified as per the Integrated Management System,
consisting of ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and
ISO 45001:2018. Cartons Packaging lines at Tiruvottiyur
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s Packaging and Printing Business is a leading provider of differentiated and
innovative packaging solutions across carton and flexible packaging platforms, widely
acknowledged for its operational excellence, quality and reliability. Leveraging
world-class infrastructure and integrated end-to-end capabilities. The Business
delivers packaging that meets stringent functional requirements
while elevating the branded product experience.

and Haridwar units received the Grade AA and the
Nadiad unit received Grade A - Brand Reputation
Compliance Global Standards (BRCGS) certification for
global standards in packaging and packaging materials -
a key enabler for supplies to the packaged foods
industry. During the year, the Tiruvottiyur unit obtained
ISCC Plus certification, strengthening the Business
ability to validate recyclable laminate structures and
advance sustainable packaging solutions. All key units
of the Business are Sedex-certified for social and ethical
compliance; the Business also holds an EcoVadis Bronze
certification, underscoring its commitment to sustainability
performance.
The outlook for the Indian packaging industry remains
positive, supported by rising disposable incomes,
urbanisation, favourable demographics and increasing
penetration of modern trade and e-Commerce. Further,
policy and regulatory initiatives aimed at strengthening
food safety and accelerating the growth of organised
retail are expected to drive demand for high-quality,
standardised packaging solutions aligned with evolving
regulatory and quality requirements.
Growing stakeholders focus on decarbonisation, and
an increasing regulatory emphasis on plastic reduction
and circularity, are expected to accelerate the adoption
of sustainable packaging solutions, including recyclable,
mono-material and circular alternatives. With capabilities
across diverse technology platforms, a robust pipeline
of sustainable solutions and strong quality management
systems, the Packaging and Printing Business is well
positioned to deepen customer partnerships across key
segments, viz., Food & Beverage, Personal Care, Home
Care, QSRs, Footwear, Consumer Electronics, Pharma
and Tobacco, while continuing to support your Company s
FMCG Businesses. Going forward, the Business will
sharpen its strategic focus on innovation, customer-centric
solutions, sustainability, capability building and smart
manufacturing to reinforce its leadership in integrated
packaging solutions.
AGRI BUSINESS
Leaf Tobacco
The Business continued to leverage its deep customer
relationships, crop development expertise, superior
product quality, world-class processing facilities and
strong sustainability credentials to strengthen its position
as a reliable supply chain partner for global customers.
During the year, the Business consolidated its position as
the largest Indian exporter of unmanufactured tobacco and
increased its share of business with international buyers
of Indian tobacco through focused business development,
facilitating increased crop production backed by adoption
of Weather Resilient Tobacco Production Systems and
strengthening the competitiveness of Indian FCV and
Burley tobaccos, leveraging its sustainable tobacco
programme.
The Business sharpened its strategic focus across the
tobacco value chain on five priorities: Quality, Consistency,
Compliance, Climate risk mitigation and Sustainability.
Sustained investments continue to be made in your
Company s Green Leaf Threshing (GLT) plants towards
world-class quality, processing technology & capability
upgradation, aligned with evolving customer expectations
and regulatory requirements. Crop and region-specific
agronomic practices are being scaled up to address
emerging customer needs and enhance competitiveness.
The Business continues to set benchmarks in leaf threshing
operations by leveraging technology & digital capabilities to
enhance quality assurance, process consistency, compliance,
traceability and productivity. This includes selective
deployment of advanced analytics & automation solutions
across critical process stages, strengthening operational
resilience and customer responsiveness while supporting the
Business strategic cost management agenda.
Digital tools such as AI/ML powered real time price
discovery systems continue to be leveraged for facilitating
efficient leaf tobacco buying across auction platforms.
In addition, digitalisation interventions are being scaled up
in areas spanning crop development, sourcing, process
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
The Leaf Tobacco Business continued to leverage its deep customer relationships,
crop development expertise, superior product quality, world-class processing facilities
and strong sustainability credentials to strengthen its position as a
reliable supply chain partner for global customers.

optimisation and supply chain operations, which are
expected to enhance operating efficiencies, while driving
down cost in a structural manner.
Synergistic
R&D
varietal
development, climate smart farming techniques, farm level
digital interventions and usage of water efficient technologies
are being scaled up towards enhancing productivity &
product quality, reducing cultivation costs, strengthening
resilience & capacity building of the farm value chain to
increase crop security and enhance farmer incomes.
The Business continues to strengthen its sustainability
agenda by scaling up integrated energy management and
decarbonisation initiatives across farms, GLT operations
and the supply chain. Key focus areas include energy
efficiency, increased use of alternative fuels and energy
plantations to improve fuel self-sufficiency in the curing
process, along with a progressive shift towards renewable
electricity in line with your Company s low-carbon growth
philosophy. Further, integrated watershed management
programmes are being advanced to strengthen water
security during critical phases of the crop cycle.
In recognition of its commitment to the highest standards
of Sustainability, EHS and Quality, the Business
received several awards during the year, including the
Best Practice in Digital Transformation 2025 from CII;
the SEEM National Energy Management Award with
Platinum rating for Excellence in Energy Conservation for
Chirala GLT; Excellent Energy Efficient Unit for Mysuru
GLT at the CII National Award for Excellence in Energy
Management, 2025; and Gold and Silver Awards for
Chirala GLT and Anaparthi GLT, respectively, at the CII
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Safety Excellence Awards
2025, as well as various awards from the Quality Circle
Forum of India and CII for operational excellence.
Oversupply in international markets coupled with lower
domestic demand due to the unprecedented increase in
tax on cigarettes are expected to weigh on the prospects of
the key stakeholders of Indian tobacco industry including
Indian farmers and leaf tobacco processors / exporters.
In this context, addressing key structural factors
imperative
sustained
growth
competitiveness of leaf tobacco exports from India. Over
time, punitive taxation on the legal cigarette industry has
accelerated illicit trade, adversely impacting demand
for Indian leaf tobacco. Lower export incentives and
high import duties / tariffs in certain markets also weigh
on export competitiveness. As stated in earlier years,
a balanced regulatory and taxation regime that takes
cognisance of India s unique tobacco consumption
pattern and economic realities, along with appropriate
policy support (including restoration of export incentives),
remains important to support the tobacco farmers and the
46 million livelihoods dependent on the sector. According
to an ASSOCHAM TARI Study10, the tobacco sector in
India contributes substantial socio-economic benefits in
terms of agricultural employment, farm incomes, revenue
generation and foreign exchange earnings. Your Company
continues to engage with policymakers on these matters.
The Business will continue to provide strategic sourcing
support to your Company s Cigarettes Business and
fortify its leadership position as a major exporter of quality
Indian tobacco, thereby catalysing the multiplier impact
of increased farmer incomes on the rural economy. With
its strong R&D capability, unique crop development &
extension expertise, sustainability leadership, digital
expertise,
state-of-the-art
processing
deep understanding of customer & farmer needs, your
Company is well positioned to meet the current and
emerging requirements of global customers and sustain
its position as a superior and reliable supply chain partner
for sourcing world-class leaf tobacco.
Other Agri Commodities
Global
agri-commodity
trade
witnessed
significant
disruption during the year, driven by sweeping tariff
measures imposed by the United States, the ongoing
West Asia conflict - which continues to remain a key
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
10. ASSOCHAM TARI Study (2019)
Your Company s Agri Business has scaled significantly, with an annual throughput of
appx. four million tonnes spanning 22 states and over 20 agri value chains, anchored in an integrated
ecosystem that strengthens its resilience and competitiveness. The Business strategic intent remains
aligned with national priorities of climate resilient agriculture, enhancing agricultural productivity,
improving market linkages and driving significant increase in farmers incomes.

monitorable - and climate-related supply uncertainties in
key producing regions. India was among the countries
most affected, with reciprocal tariffs escalating sharply,
adversely impacting India s competitiveness in several
agri-commodities. The supply chain disruptions, including
logistical challenges following the West Asia conflict
towards the end of the year, led to deferrals of call-offs by
certain customers. On the domestic front, the Government
imposed stock limits and export restrictions on key
agri-commodities to ensure food security.
Overall, the combination of global agri-trade disruptions
and domestic policy constraints created a challenging
environment for your Company s Agri Business during
the year. Amidst such conditions, your Company
leveraged its strong farm linkages, extensive sourcing
expertise (viz. enabling traceable, attribute-based and
identity-preserved sourcing of commodities), multi-modal
logistics capability, agile supply chain operations, deep
customer relationships, and focus on scaling up the
Value-Added Agri Products (VAAP) portfolio to deliver
a resilient performance during the year. Easing of
US tariffs following bilateral trade negotiations, coupled
with the progressive relaxation of restrictions supported by
adequate food stock buffers and moderating inflationary
pressures, augur well for the year ahead.
As reported in earlier years, your Company s Agri Business
has scaled significantly, with an annual throughput of
appx. four million tonnes spanning 22 states and over
20 agri value chains, anchored in an integrated ecosystem
that strengthens its resilience and competitiveness.
The Business strategic intent remains aligned with
national priorities of climate resilient agriculture, enhancing
agricultural productivity, improving market linkages and
driving significant increase in farmers incomes.
The
Business
remains
Strategy
to rapidly scale up its VAAP portfolio straddling
multiple agri value chains including Spices, Coffee,
Frozen Marine Products and Horticulture products,
amongst others. Leveraging institutional strengths such
as certified sourcing, advanced processing capabilities,
customer-centric execution and digital platforms, including
ITCMAARS, the portfolio further strengthened its
competitive position, while simultaneously building new
growth vectors in high-velocity channels. Committed
to sustainable farm management practices backed
by Rainforest Alliance and Global GAP accreditation,
your Company has successfully strengthened farmer
connections, improved traceability, and driven sustainable
agricultural practices.
-
Your Company s Spices Business strengthened its
position as one of India s leading spice exporters,
while maintaining its standing as the top exporter of
organic spices.

Tariff-related uncertainty in the US was partially
mitigated by diversifying to other food-safe markets
such as the EU and UK. The Business also
strengthened its presence in the Emerging Market
segment, expanding trade in geographies such as
Indonesia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka. At the same time, IT
significantly accelerated domestic market expansion,
leveraging e-Commerce, Quick Commerce, and
direct-to-consumer channels.

Organic spices remained a key growth driver,
with volumes more than doubling during the year,
supported by certified cultivation programmes and
deep backward integration. The Business continues to
scale up its Organic and Integrated Crop Management
(ICM) programmes, expanding organic cultivation
across multiple states to meet the growing demand
for certified organic products. The Business remains
committed to execution excellence and continues to
maintain its unblemished track record in complying
with stringent food safety standards. The proportion
of customised products in the portfolio has increased
considerably,
underscoring
Company s
strategic focus on premium offerings. The Business
has also broadened its customer base across
markets, initiating product partnerships with leading
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company s Spices Business strengthened
its position as one of India s leading spice exporters,
while maintaining its standing as the top exporter of organic spices.

global players and demonstrating strong customer
acquisition capabilities alongside a commitment to
building lasting relationships.
-
Global coffee markets witnessed significant volatility
during the year, largely driven by the United States,
a major consuming market, imposing 50% tariff on
imports from Brazil, the world s largest producer.
While production in major origins like Brazil and
Vietnam remained stable, India s output declined
due to adverse monsoon conditions. Consequently,
Indian green coffee export prices surged impacting
export competitiveness and volumes.

Leveraging its strategic sourcing presence in major
coffee-growing regions of India and a sharper focus on
certified, sustainably sourced coffees, the Business
reinforced its position as one of the leading exporters.
IT strengthened its footprint in key international
markets, particularly Europe and the Middle East, by
capitalising on long-standing customer relationships,
strong sustainability credentials, and agile execution.
-
The frozen marine products segment was amongst
the most severely impacted by the US tariff measures
during the year, placing the country at a considerable
disadvantage vis-à-vis competing origins such as
Ecuador and Vietnam.

Despite these challenges, your Company - one
of India s leading exporters of value-added frozen
marine products with strong capabilities in processing
individually quick-frozen (IQF), raw and cooked
products - delivered robust growth during the
year, diversifying its export footprint to offset the
disadvantage arising due to high US tariffs. The
Business strengthened its position in the Aquaculture
Stewardship Council ASC-certified shrimp segment,
significantly expanding certified farm acreage and
aligning with evolving customer procurement priorities.
-
As stated earlier, a significant portion of fruits and
vegetables is wasted along the agri value chain owing
to seasonal factors, inherent perishability and lack
of economically viable cold-chain solutions. At the
same time, evolving consumer preferences towards
health foods and convenience are also leading to an
increasing need for reliable, year-round availability of
quality produce.

Your
Company s
Fresh
Fruits
&
Vegetables
Business is uniquely positioned to address these
challenges through a responsible and traceable
supply chain, supported by ITCMAARS, extensive
farmer linkages and FPO-anchored sourcing clusters.
To augment year-round supply capabilities and secure
premium-grade produce during lean periods, the
Business is piloting investments in Controlled
Environment
Agriculture
(CEA)
facilities,
which
are expected to complement open-field sourcing
enhance
overall
supply
chain
resilience.
This is expected to create significant value across the
agri value chain for such produce.
-
Your Company continues to enhance its capabilities
in the Medicinal and Aromatic Plant Extracts
(MAPE) business through exports of plant extracts,
backward integration and cultivation programmes.
Key ayurvedic ingredients such as ashwagandha and
turmeric were scaled up through farmer engagement,
improving traceability and quality assurance. With
a view to moving up the value chain from generic
to proprietary extracts, focused initiatives are being
piloted by LSTC, including tie-ups for technical
collaboration with reputed institutions, while medicinal
crops research farm in Madhya Pradesh continues to
support varietal development, seed production, and
standardised agronomic practices.
Your Company continued to scale its presence in the
maize value chain during the year, leveraging its sourcing
infrastructure and FPO network to significantly expand its
customer base across ethanol and starch manufacturers.
The Business has established a robust supply chain for
high-yielding, high-quality starch-grade maize varieties
catering effectively to the requirements of these end-use
segments. Your Company continues to drive agricultural
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company continues to enhance its capabilities in the Medicinal and
Aromatic Plant Extracts (MAPE) business through exports of plant extracts,
backward integration and cultivation programmes.

transformation at scale through ITCMAARS, a pioneering
phygital platform that integrates digital capabilities with
on-ground engagement. ITCMAARS is a crop-agnostic,
full-stack AgriTech platform that is enhancing procurement
efficiency, optimising supply chains and creating new
avenues for value generation, while delivering meaningful
benefits to the farming community. Built on a strong
physical layer anchored in FPOs and a digital layer through
the ITCMAARS super-app, the initiative now spans over
2,100 FPOs and more than 2.6 million connected farmers
across 11 states. The super-app, available in eight
regional languages, enables wider access to advanced
agronomy and decision support at scale through AI/ML-led
predictive advisory, satellite-sensing enabled insights and
the Krishi Mitra GenAI voice assistant, while the physical
layer enables access to biological inputs, drone-based
precision farming, quality assaying, market linkages and
rural services through FPOs and partners.
Aligned to sustainability goals of the organisation, emerging
trends of consumer choices and the global regulatory
landscape, ITCMAARS is building traceable value chains
to enable Trust Systems at Scale . Fully integrated,
customised digital solutions are being developed for
diverse compliance and certification requirements such
as the EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR), production
and procurement of organic produce, and food-safe,
residue-free commodities.
By seamlessly integrating digital capabilities with on-ground
engagement through FPOs, ITCMAARS has significantly
enhanced procurement efficiency at scale across multiple
value chains, strengthened compliance readiness for
evolving global standards, and created new avenues for
value generation through adjacent businesses in agri-inputs,
credit and rural services. The platform s integrated
approach, combining advisory, input access and market
linkages, enables your Company to translate evolving
customer requirements around quality, traceability and
compliance into on-ground production outcomes, creating
value for both farmers and the Business.
During the year, your Company collaborated with the
Department of Science & Technology, Government of
India, under the Operation Dronagiri initiative in Varanasi
to deploy AI/ML-powered hyperlocal crop advisory
through the ITCMAARS platform across 15 FPOs,
covering over 27,000 wheat farmers and 39,000 acres.
Independent assessments indicated appx. 15% yield
improvements and nearly 30% increase in net returns
for farmers adopting customised advisory, validating the
potential of data-led, hyperlocal interventions to enhance
farm productivity and incomes at scale. Building on these
learnings, your Company will continue to strengthen and
scale such science-backed solutions through ITCMAARS,
while sharpening competitiveness across value-accretive
agri-commodity chains.
Your Company s vast sourcing network holds enormous
potential to create value across several agri chains.
Through AI/ML models, your Company is building
expertise in data-science led decision support systems
to enhance agility and responsiveness across agri value
chains. Such systems deepen the sourcing capabilities
to dynamically respond to evolving conditions across
multiple sourcing dimensions and make optimal decisions
across temporal and spatial vectors.
These capabilities and infrastructure provide a structural
advantage by enabling assurance of quality, traceability
and competitiveness in sourcing agri raw materials,
thereby supporting the growth strategy of your Company s
Branded Packaged Foods Businesses.
-
The Business continued to play a pivotal role in
assuring benchmark-quality wheat and supply
security to support the growing requirements of the
Aashirvaad atta portfolio. Leveraging a wide sourcing
network, direct farm linkages including FPOs, and
robust crop development initiatives, the Business
ensured timely and cost-competitive procurement of
critical grades of wheat. Digitally enabled sourcing
capabilities supported scale and speed, while crop
development efforts were intensified to improve
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
ITCMAARS is a crop-agnostic, full-stack AgriTech platform that is enhancing
procurement efficiency, optimising supply chains and creating new avenues for value generation,
while delivering meaningful benefits to the farming community. The initiative now spans
over 2,100 FPOs and more than 2.6 million connected farmers across 11 states.

climate resilience, enhance yields and secure
premium varieties, thereby reinforcing product quality
and consumer experience. Direct sourcing from FPOs
through ITCMAARS has now scaled up to about
40% of the wheat sourced for Aashirvaad Atta and
Agri Business, leading to significant procurement
related efficiencies and quality enhancement.
-
During the year, the farmer-driven milk procurement
network in Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand was
strengthened to support the growing requirements of
the Fresh Dairy portfolio under the Aashirvaad Svasti
brand. The Business deepened farmer partnerships
and further enhanced transparency and efficiency
through digitally enabled collection and direct farmer
payments. Tailored dairy extension services spanning
animal nutrition, health and productivity were
scaled
up,
yields
reinforcing
farmer loyalty. These initiatives enhanced farmer
profitability while ensuring a consistent supply of
superior-quality, attribute-specific milk aligned with
brand requirements, thereby enabling continued
portfolio expansion and innovation.
-
The Business continued to scale up sourcing
across a wide range of spices to support the growth
requirements of the Sunrise and Aashirvaad brands,
with a sharper focus on food safety, traceability and
consistent supply.
-
Going forward, your Company s dedicated organic
sourcing capabilities - underpinned by specialised
farm linkages and end-to-end traceability - will provide
a clear competitive advantage for its organic portfolio
across FMCG Businesses, by assuring authenticity,
regulatory compliance and consistent quality.
The Business strengthened its collaborations with leading
research institutions across India to build cost-effective,
high-yielding and resilient agri value chains. By mapping
climate hotspots and advancing regenerative agriculture,
introduced
location-specific
seed
varieties and tailored agricultural practices in key states.
This approach is aimed at enhancing crop intelligence,
reducing GHG emissions and improving soil health.
Additionally, efforts to increase farm income were
supported through the development of customised
agri-inputs, laying the foundation for sustainable,
future-ready food products.
Your Company became the first in India to receive the
global Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA) 3.0 Silver
benchmark for wheat and paddy, independently audited
by the SAI Platform. This milestone, achieved by working
closely with over 3,500 farmers across 70+ FPOs in Uttar
Pradesh and Bihar covering 22,000 acres, reinforces your
Company s commitment to building traceable, sustainable
agri value chains and further strengthens its positioning
as a preferred partner for leading global buyers who seek
sustainability credentials in procurement decisions.
Through
wide
spectrum
climate-resilient farming, natural resource management,
competitive value chain development, cutting-edge digital
interventions and robust market linkages, your Company
is enabling Indian agriculture to scale new horizons
national
priorities
delivering
sustainable impact.
Your Company s ability to deliver resilient performance
across agri value chains, even amidst volatility, is
anchored in structural advantages that are difficult to
replicate. These include deep farmer linkages spanning
millions of growers across multiple states, integrated
crop development programmes, and a full-stack digital
ecosystem in ITCMAARS enabling end-to-end traceability
and comprehensive engagement with the farming
community. Built through years of sustained investment,
these differentiated capabilities make the Agri Business
well-poised to capture emerging opportunities across
value-accretive agri-commodity chains.
NOTES ON SUBSIDIARIES
The following may be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements of your Company
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standard 110.
Shareholders desirous of obtaining the Report and Accounts
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Your Company became the first in India to receive the
global Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA) 3.0 Silver benchmark
for wheat and paddy, independently audited by the SAI Platform.

of your Company s subsidiaries may obtain the same
upon request. Further, the Report and Accounts of
the subsidiary companies is also available under the
Investor Relations section of your Company s corporate
website, www.itcportal.com, in downloadable format.
As stated above, your Company acquired 100%
shareholding in Sresta Natural Bioproducts Private
Limited ( Sresta ) - an Indian company primarily engaged
in the business of manufacture and sale of organic
packaged food products (staples, spices, processed
foods, etc.) under the brand name 24 Mantra Organic in
the domestic as well as international markets, directly and
through its two wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries, namely
Fyve Elements LLC in the USA and Sresta Global FZE
in the UAE.
The
Board
Directors
1st August, 2025, in order to fully realise the envisaged
synergy benefits for acquisition of Sresta and to carry on
combined operations more efficiently and economically,
approved the Scheme of Amalgamation of Sresta and
Wimco Limited ( Wimco ) with your Company ( Scheme ).
The Scheme was sanctioned by the Honourable National
Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ), Kolkata and Hyderabad
Benches. Since all the requisite formalities have been
completed, the aforesaid amalgamation has been given
effect to in the Financial Statements from the respective
Appointed Dates i.e. 1st April, 2025 for Wimco and
13th June, 2025 for Sresta. Accordingly, the two
subsidiaries of Sresta viz., Sresta Global FZE, UAE
and Fyve Elements LLC, USA, have become direct
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. Sresta and
Wimco will be dissolved with effect from 1st June, 2026.
Your Company s Policy for determination of a material
subsidiary, in conformity with Regulation 16 of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, can
be accessed on your Company s corporate website at
www.itcportal.com/material-subsidiary-policy. Presently,
your Company does not have any material subsidiary.
Nepal s GDP grew by 4.6% in real terms during the
fiscal year ended 16th July, 2025, up from 3.7% in the
previous year. This was primarily driven by recovery in
manufacturing, construction and trade, coupled with
expansion in the hydropower sector, even as the agriculture
sector remained subdued owing to erratic monsoons.
With consumer price inflation remaining range-bound
during the year, the Nepal Rastra Bank continued with its
accommodative monetary policy stance.
Nepal witnessed political unrest in September 2025,
causing substantial disruption in economic activity for
about six months, leading eventually to a change in the
Government in March 2026. Real GDP growth for fiscal
year 2025-26 is expected to moderate to 3.0%11, largely
reflecting the impact of the disruptions during this period
and the continued weakness in agricultural performance.
During the first eight months of the fiscal year (ended 15th
March, 2026), food inflation increased by 3.6% (compared
to 3.3% previous year). However, inward remittances,
which account for appx. 28% of GDP, grew by 38% in
the first 8 months of the current financial year, providing
support to domestic demand.
The new Government has announced a wide range of
initiatives, inter alia, towards strengthening governance,
modernising public service delivery, digital transformation
and ease of doing business. A stable government, resilient
remittance inflows, and low interest rates are expected
to underpin growth in the near term. Real GDP growth
for fiscal year 2026-27 is expected to recover to 4.6%11.
However, risks arising from geopolitical developments,
particularly the West Asia disruptions, may weigh on
remittance inflows, add to inflationary pressures and pose
downside risks to overall economic growth.
Structural reforms aimed at fostering domestic and foreign
investments, enabling private sector growth, strengthening
local manufacturing, and supporting sectors that create
large economic multiplier effect remain critical to achieve
sustained economic growth.
The legal cigarette industry provides livelihoods to
over five lakh people involved in tobacco cultivation,
manufacturing & trade and makes a significant contribution
to the revenue collection of the Government of Nepal.
Despite its far-reaching economic impact, the legal
cigarette industry continues to face significant challenges
from an increasingly punitive & discriminatory taxation,
and regulatory regime. The company continues to
engage with policy makers for equitable, pragmatic,
evidence-based regulations and taxation policies that
balance the economic imperatives of the country and
tobacco control objectives.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
11. As per IMF estimates April 26

The company delivered a robust performance during the
year, despite the challenging operating environment.
The Cigarette business reinforced its market standing
by leveraging its robust portfolio, complemented by
new launches & superior product quality, and a wide
distribution network. Additionally, several initiatives were
undertaken to enhance product quality and efficiency.
The
company s
systems
to be agile and set new benchmarks in quality and
productivity. Digital initiatives were undertaken across
the manufacturing chain to, inter alia, drive operational
excellence and enhance quality assurance. Relentless
focus on developing world-class products, anchored
on innovation and benchmarked to international quality
standards, remains a key source of sustainable competitive
advantage for the company.
In the Foods business, the company scaled up distribution
and availability of Sunfeast Dark Fantasy Choco Fills
biscuits, which coupled with focused brand building
investments, enabled premium positioning for the brand
in the market. In the Confectionery portfolio, the company
continued to make focused investments towards enhancing
its market standing. The company has successfully scaled
up its Sunfeast Dark Fantasy Choco Rolls , manufactured
at its state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Biratnagar,
by leveraging a strong distribution network. The product
has received encouraging consumer response and is
being scaled up in target markets.
To promote authentic Made in Nepal products globally,
the company recently launched an ultra-premium, unifloral
Himalayan chestnut honey under the brand name Marani
in the U.S. market. A dedicated direct-to-consumer portal -
www.himalayantreasures.com is also operational.
The company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Surya Nepal
Ventures Private Limited, engaged in manufacturing and
sales of Agarbatti, continued to strengthen its market
standing leveraging its differentiated product portfolio,
sharply focused marketing investments and best-in-class
availability
target
The
Mangaldeep range of products straddles all segments
and price points, offering consumers Agarbattis in a
variety of fragrances and packaging formats, backed by
a robust trade marketing and distribution infrastructure.
The company continues to make multi-dimensional
contributions towards building the societal and economic
capital of Nepal. In line with applicable regulations and
CSR policy, the company carried out initiatives under
four distinct CSR Platforms, namely, Surya Nepal Asha,
Surya Nepal Prakriti, Surya Nepal Adharshila and
Surya Nepal Gatha during the year. Key interventions
include:
-
providing assistance to farmers in areas proximal to
the company s operations,
-
creation of agri-infrastructure such as vermicompost
pits, harvesting sheds, etc.,
-
providing training to improve productivity and
enhance income generation for farmers through
animal husbandry,
-
improvement in the quality of education in public
schools in the vicinity of the company s operating
locations,
-
development of public infrastructure in the catchment
areas of operating locations,
-
assistance in various environment preservation
measures like urban plantation and preservation of
biodiversity,
-
support in organising the largest Nepali literature
festival and assistance in promotion and revival of
the local Nepali folk musical instrument - Sarangi
through various training programs and workshops.
During the year, the company recorded Revenue
from Operations of NRs. 5669 crores (previous year
NRs. 5293 crores) and Net Profit of NRs. 1289 crores
(previous year NRs. 1172 crores) on a consolidated basis.
The company declared a dividend of NRs. 303 per equity
share of NRs. 50 each for the year ended 15th July, 2025
(32nd Asadh, 2081), amounting to NRs. 1222 crores
(previous year NRs. 273 per equity share of NRs. 50 each
amounting to NRs. 1101 crores).
The company remains one of the largest contributors to the
exchequer in Nepal and is well-positioned to consolidate
its leadership position by leveraging its robust portfolio of
products, deep & wide distribution network, best-in-class
execution
The company continues to rapidly scale-up the newer
FMCG businesses and evaluate emerging opportunities
in this space.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

ITC Infotech India Limited and its subsidiaries
During the year, the Indian IT services industry faced
headwinds due to weak discretionary client spending,
delayed project decision making and AI deflation where
AI adoption compressed revenues for traditional services.
This was compounded by global macro-economic
uncertainty & geopolitical developments. Notwithstanding
such challenges, the company delivered a strong
performance during the year with revenue growth of
appx. 14%, ranking IT amongst the fastest-growing
companies in the Indian IT services industry. Further,
the company achieved a lifetime high Customer
Experience Score, ranking amongst the highest in the
Indian IT services industry.
The global technology industry is at an inflection point,
transitioning towards an era of intelligent and integrated
operations, driven by the widespread adoption of
Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) and cloud-native
architectures. India s technology sector is also witnessing
a pivotal shift, as AI adoption is scaling up from
experimentation to wider enterprise scale deployment.
This transition is, inter alia, driving a shift in the delivery
model from effort-based to outcome-based services.
Service providers that pair deep domain expertise with
AI deployment at scale, are best placed to win in this
fast-evolving operating landscape.
Against this backdrop, the company remains focused on
driving accelerated growth anchored in its core strategy
pillar of customer-centricity. During the year, the company
established new engineering hubs in Riyadh (Middle East
markets) and Melbourne (APAC market), and extended
its footprint within India with new centres in Hyderabad,
Pune and Mumbai. With AI-led services being central to
this expansion, the company also set up Global AI Labs
in Bengaluru, Kolkata and Pune, with each Lab being
aligned to a hyperscaler partner. Customer experience
remains a key priority for the company; Customer
Experience Centers in Bengaluru and Kolkata, which
function as digital co-creation hubs, as well as the
engineering hubs in Riyadh and Melbourne help
accelerate ideas from proof of concept to enterprise-scale
deployment for customers.
In response to the significant shifts in the IT Services
industry as stated above, the company is rapidly
re-architecting its operating model to being Led by Industry
Domain. Measured by Business outcomes. Deployed at
Scale. Investments are being stepped up in capability
building towards addressing the emerging value pools
viz. Agentic Re-imagination of legacy service offerings
such as Application Management, Infrastructure, SAP,
Testing & Data Services; Agentification of business
services; Full stack Agentic Platforms for building,
deploying and scaling autonomous agents; AI-led
Solutions for focus verticals such as Hospitality,
Manufacturing & Consumer Packaged Goods; and
Re-engineering Data for AI .
Attracting, training, and retaining high-quality talent,
particularly in niche and NextGen technologies, remains
a top priority to succeed in the future. In this context,
the company scaled up structured upskilling programs
in GenAI, Automation and Modern Engineering across
the organisation, strengthening the blend of AI readiness
and domain expertise. The company advanced its
AI talent readiness through a structured, enterprise-wide
capability program anchored in the AI League framework,
spanning foundational, practitioner, builder and innovator
tracks across 10,000+ employees in sales, delivery and
enabling functions.
The company s investments in technology-led solutions
and dedicated AI & Innovation Labs received recognition
during the year from partners and analysts. K-FabrikTM
(a composable platform to build, deploy and govern
enterprise-scale Generative and Agentic AI) was declared
a Winner at the 16th Aegis Graham Bell Awards for
Innovation in GenAI - AI Infra, Orchestration & Platforms,
and HFS Research recognised the ITCMAARS (Metamarket
for Advanced Agriculture and Rural Services) platform
as a global benchmark for Agri-Tech transformation.
The company is making sustained progress by effectively
leveraging the momentum of its recent acquisitions -
Blazeclan Technologies, a cloud consulting firm with
capabilities across AWS, Azure and GCP, and a part of
PTC s product lifecycle management (PLM) consulting and
professional services business. Inorganic opportunities
continue to be pursued in strategic priority areas towards
strengthening and scaling the portfolio of offerings.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

During the year, the company s consolidated Revenue
from Operations stood at ` 4835.00 crores (previous year
` 4244.83 crores). Profit Before Tax and Exceptional
items stood at ` 667.37 crores (previous year
` 620.76 crores) while Net Profit for the year stood at
` 407.78 crores (previous year ` 449.82 crores).
For the year under review:
a) ITC Infotech India Limited recorded Revenue from
Operations of ` 3488.76 crores (previous year
` 3204.32 crores) and Net Profit of ` 497.08 crores
(previous year ` 466.62 crores). The company
paid a total dividend of ` 41.25 per Equity Share of
` 10/- each aggregating ` 374.76 crores (previous year
` 53.75 per Equity Share of ` 10/- each aggregating
` 488.32 crores).
b) ITC Infotech Limited, UK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the company, recorded Revenue of GBP 31.53 million
(previous year GBP 28.80 million) and Net Profit of
GBP 1.60 million (previous year GBP 1.33 million).
c) ITC Infotech (USA), Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the company, together with its wholly-owned
subsidiary Indivate Inc., recorded Revenue of
US$ 155.61 million (previous year US$ 160.71 million)
and Net Profit of US$ 7.03 million (previous year
US$ 6.53 million).
d) In the recent past, ITC Infotech India Limited has also
set up subsidiary companies in Brazil, Mexico, France,
Germany, Italy, Malaysia and Saudi Arabia. Further, the
company acquired Blazeclan Technologies Private
Limited and its subsidiaries based in several countries
including Singapore, Australia, Malaysia, Belgium,
New Zealand, USA, Canada and Philippines.
Please refer to Form AOC-1 (Statement containing
salient features of the financial statements of
Subsidiaries / Associate companies / Joint Ventures),
forming part of the Report and Accounts, for details
on financial performance of these companies.
The company remains confident that its strong foundation
of deep domain knowledge, technological capabilities
and global talent pool will enable IT to deliver top quartile
industry growth in the years ahead. IT will continue to
drive scale and long-term differentiation by deepening
key client relationships and amplifying its vertical-specific
portfolio of technology offerings, while scaling its
platforms and strengthening strategic alliances with
hyperscalers across its focus areas viz. GenAI and
Agentic AI, Digital, Data & Analytics, Cloud and Infrastructure
Services. With sustained investments in building the
capabilities of the future and in attracting, training and
retaining the right talent - anchored in a customer-focused,
employee-centric and high-performance culture - the
company is well positioned to deliver enduring and
profitable growth.
During the year under review, potato production in India
stood at appx. 58.6 million MT, representing an increase
of 2.7% over the previous year. Higher output coupled with
improved availability of premium quality seed potatoes
resulted in subdued realisations during the year.
Amidst these market conditions, the company focused on
consolidating its relationship with the farming community.
Strategic initiatives of the company included expanding
geographic
presence
India,
distribution in secondary & tertiary markets, and
leveraging emerging opportunities in key markets such as
West Bengal during peak seed sales season, supported
by its strong brand value. These interventions enabled
the company to record its highest ever revenue from seed
sales during the year.
The company continues to consolidate its leadership in
production of early generation seed potatoes, underpinned
by strong agronomy capabilities. This remains integral
to supporting the Bingo! range of potato chips of
your Company, while also addressing the seed potato
requirements of the farmer base of your Company s Agri
The company s Revenue from Operations stood at
` 416.16 crores (previous year ` 383.68 crores) with Net
Profit of ` 79.89 crores (previous year ` 83.76 crores).
Total Comprehensive Income for the year stood at
` 80.01 crores (previous year ` 83.71 crores).
The company declared an interim dividend of ` 6.5 per equity
share of ` 10 each for the year ended 31st March, 2026,
amounting to ` 24.68 crores (previous year Nil).
The company continues to build on a strong foundation
for the future and remains confident of leveraging its
deep domain expertise to strengthen farmer relationships,
crucial for developing high yield and climate resilient
seed varieties and fortify its market standing in the
seed potato industry.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Technico Pty Limited and its subsidiaries
The company continues to focus on advancement and
commercialisation of its proprietary TECHNITUBER
Seed Technology, alongside ongoing efforts to customise
the agronomic practices for effective deployment across
various geographies. In parallel, the company is actively
engaged in the global marketing of TECHNITUBER seed
produced at the facilities of its subsidiaries in China and
Technico Agri Sciences Limited, India (a wholly-owned
subsidiary of your Company). For the year under review:
a. Technico Pty Limited, Australia registered a turnover
of Australian Dollars (A$) 2.99 million (previous year
A$ 2.86 million) and a Net Profit of A$ 2.55 million
(previous year A$ 1.51 million).
b. Technico Technologies Inc., Canada, Technico
Asia
Holdings
Pty
Limited,
Australia,
Technico
Horticultural
(Kunming)
Co.
Limited,
China - there were no material developments to
report during the year.
The company declared a dividend of A$ 0.55 per share of
A$1 each for the year ended 31st March, 2026, amounting
to A$ 5,508,526 (previous year A$ 5,007,752).
Your Company holds 76% equity stake in North East
Nutrients Private Limited (NENPL), which owns a food
processing facility in Mangaldoi, Assam, catering to the
biscuits market in Assam and other North-Eastern states.
The company continues to focus on consistently improving
operational efficiency and productivity. In recognition of its
high standards of manufacturing excellence and quality,
the company continues to receive industry recognition
at the national and regional levels. NENPL received four
Gold Awards at the Convention on Quality Concepts 2025,
organised by the Quality Circle Forum of India, Durgapur
Chapter. The company also received one Platinum & two
gold awards in CII Kaizen competition 2025, two gold
awards in CII National Technology Competition 2025 and
a Jury Champion Award in CII Champions Trophy 2025.
The company s Revenue from Operations for the year
stood at ` 158.44 crores (previous year ` 158.87 crores),
while Net Profit for the year was ` 11.00 crores (previous
year ` 13.63 crores). Total Comprehensive Income for the
year stood at ` 11.01 crores (previous year ` 13.60 crores).
For FY 2025-26, the Board of Directors of NENPL has
recommended a final dividend of ` 1.50 per equity share
of ` 10 each, aggregating ` 10.95 crores (previous year
final dividend of ` 2.00 per equity share of ` 10 each,
aggregating ` 14.60 crores).
The company is engaged in the manufacture and
export of nicotine and nicotine derivative products. The
company s manufacturing facility, situated near Mysuru,
has the capability to produce purest nicotine derivatives
conforming to US and EU pharmacopoeia standards.
During the year, the company undertook extensive product
development initiatives, customer trials and business
development efforts. The company made good progress
during the year, with commercial shipments scaling up in
the latter half of the year, and is well positioned to expand
the business going forward.
For the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, the company
recorded Total Income of ` 69.31 crores (previous year
` 10.51 crores) and EBITDA of ` 17.51 crores (previous year
EBITDA loss of ` 18.54 crores).
The company manufactures Moulded Fibre Products made
from renewable natural fibres such as wood, bamboo,
bagasse & wastepaper and offers sustainable packaging
solutions across industries, including food service &
delivery, pharmaceutical, FMCG and electronics.
Backed by a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at
Badiyakhedi, Madhya Pradesh, equipped with advanced
thermoforming machines and inline high-speed trimming
systems, the company is pursuing opportunities in a
rapidly evolving sustainable packaging solutions space.
The company has the unique capability to manufacture
complex high volume Moulded Fibre Products in India.
During the year, the company carried out extensive
prototyping and sampling to support the development of
Next-Gen products; however, IT faced challenges largely
due to disruptions arising from US tariff changes. Plans
are on the anvil to accelerate growth through focused
market development anchored on a differentiated MFP
portfolio leveraging innovation and agile operations.
For the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, the
company recorded Total Income of ` 5.43 crores (previous
year ` 4.61 crores) with EBITDA loss of ` 26.39 crores
(previous year loss of ` 17.57 crores) primarily on
account of product stabilisation expenses.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

The company recorded Total Income of ` 75.10 crores
(previous year ` 71.91 crores) and Net Profit of
` 51.12 crores (previous year ` 47.49 crores). Growth in
Total Income was driven by higher surplus liquidity during
the year.
Temporary surplus liquidity of the company is mainly
deployed in bonds, debt mutual funds, bank fixed deposits,
certificate of deposits, etc. The company continues to
closely monitor its investments in line with market interest
rate movements and explore opportunities to make
strategic investments for the ITC Group.
For
FY
2025-26,
declared
final
dividend of ` 0.394 per Equity Share of ` 10 each,
aggregating ` 25.47 crores (previous year final dividend
of ` 0.36 per Equity Share of ` 10 each, aggregating
` 23.27 crores).
The Board and the shareholders of the company have
approved reduction of the Equity Share Capital of the
company from ` 646.48 crores to ` 246.48 crores, by way
of cancelling and extinguishing 40 crores fully paid-up
Equity Shares of ` 10 each and returning the amount of
` 400 crores to your Company (owning 100% stake in the
company). The said capital reduction, which is subject to
confirmation by the NCLT, Kolkata Bench, is expected
to conclude in FY 2026-27.
The company holds 50% equity stake in ITC Filtrona
Limited.
During the year, the company recorded Total Income of
` 30.76 crores (previous year ` 25.11 crores) and Net
Profit of ` 29.30 crores (previous year ` 23.80 crores).
The company declared interim dividend of ` 17.60 per
Equity Share of ` 10 each, aggregating ` 28.16 crores
(previous year ` 14.10 per Equity Share of ` 10 each,
aggregating ` 22.56 crores).
The company provides maintenance services for
commercial
office
buildings,
EPC
(engineering,
procurement, construction) management services as well
as project management consultancy services.
During the year, the company recorded Total Income
of ` 16.72 crores (previous year ` 13.46 crores) and
Net Profit of ` 3.61 crores (previous year ` 7.23 crores).
The company is in the business of providing support to the
Business Shared Services operations of your Company
and its related entities.
During the year, the company recorded Total Income of
` 22.08 crores (previous year ` 21.50 crores) and Net
Profit of ` 1.35 crores (previous year ` 1.41 crores).
The
company,
wholly-owned
ITC Integrated Business Services Limited, holds tenancy
rights in a commercial building located in Mumbai and
also provides estate maintenance services. During the
year, the company recorded Total Income of ` 9.18 lakhs
(previous year ` 7.58 lakhs) and Net Profit of ` 0.73 lakh
(previous year ` 0.41 lakh).
Pavan Poplar Limited
The operations of the company had been adversely
impacted pursuant to the order of the Honourable High
Court of Uttarakhand at Nainital in February 2014 ( Order ),
dismissing the Writ Petition filed by the company against
the order of the District Magistrate authorising the State
authorities to take possession of the land leased to the
company. The company had filed an appeal against the
Order.
Considering the time and resources involved, the
company withdrew the said appeal with the approval
of the Honourable High Court and applied for voluntary
liquidation. The company was admitted to the voluntary
liquidation process on 1st August, 2025 under the
provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
read with applicable rules and a liquidator was appointed
by the NCLT, Mumbai Bench.
The dissolution petition has been filed by the Liquidator
with the NCLT, Mumbai Bench, with the final order
currently pending.
Prag Agro Farm Limited
The operations of the company were adversely impacted
pursuant to the order of the Honourable High Court of
Uttarakhand at Nainital in February 2014 ( Order ) dismissing
the writ petition filed by the company against the order of
the District Magistrate authorising the State authorities
to take possession of the land leased to the company.
The company had filed an appeal against the Order.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Considering the time and resources involved, the
company withdrew the said appeal with the approval
of the Honourable High Court and applied for voluntary
liquidation. The company was admitted to the voluntary
liquidation process on 1st August, 2025 under the
provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, and
a liquidator was appointed by the NCLT, Mumbai Bench.
The company was dissolved vide NCLT order approving
the dissolution, with effect from 10th December, 2025.
Fyve Elements LLC
Fyve Elements LLC (Fyve) was incorporated in
the state of Maryland, USA and is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of your Company, engaged in the business
of wholesale and retail distribution of a range of organic
packaged food products in the USA primarily under the
Revenue from Operations stood at US$ 16.69 million
(previous year US$ 14.74 million). Net Profit during
the year stood at US$ 0.17 million (previous year loss
US$ 0.13 million).
Sresta Global FZE
Sresta Global FZE was incorporated in Ras Al Khaimah,
United Arab Emirates and is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of your Company, engaged in the business of
Revenue from Operations stood at US$ 0.76 million
(previous year US$ 0.70 million).
NOTES ON JOINT VENTURES
ITC Filtrona Limited - a joint venture of Gold Flake
Corporation Limited
The company demonstrated a resilient performance
despite a challenging operating environment during
the year, supported by agility in execution and effective
customer service.
The company sustained its leadership position in the
industry, consolidating its status as the preferred supply
chain partner for several well-known national brands.
The company continues to leverage its core strengths
of focused innovation, best-in-class quality, consistent
delivery, and strong customer relationships.
The company continues to partner with its customers and
invest in technology upgradation and capability building
towards sustaining its position as the innovation and
quality benchmark in the Indian cigarette filter industry.
Revenue from Operations stood at ` 859.20 crores
(previous year ` 761.34 crores). Net Profit during the year
stood at ` 82.77 crores (previous year ` 83.85 crores).
The Board of Directors of the company has recommended
a dividend of ` 133 per equity share of ` 10 each for the
year ended 31st March, 2026 (previous year ` 125 per
equity share).
Logix Developers Private Limited (LDPL)
Logix Developers Private Limited is a joint venture
between your Company and Logix Estates Private Limited
for developing a luxury hotel-cum-service apartment
complex at LDPL s leasehold site located at Sector 105
in New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (NOIDA).
Your Company presently holds 27.9% equity stake in
LDPL. As reported in prior years, your Company reiterated
its position with the JV partner that IT was committed to
developing a luxury hotel-cum-service apartment complex
as envisaged under the JV Agreement and that IT was not
interested in progressing with any alternative project plans
proposed by the JV partner. However, the JV partner
refused to progress the project and instead expressed
its intent to exit from the JV by selling its stake to your
Company. Subsequently, the JV partner proposed that
both parties should find a third party to sell the entire
shareholding in LDPL. In view of these developments,
your Company had filed a petition before the erstwhile
Company Law Board submitting that the affairs of the
JV entity were being conducted in a manner that was
prejudicial to the interest of your Company and the JV entity.
The matter is currently before the NCLT. The JV partner
had also filed a petition before the Honourable Delhi
High Court for winding up the JV company, which was
transferred to the NCLT by the Honourable Delhi High
Court. The matter was heard before the NCLT on several
occasions in the past but could not be concluded. On 21st
January, 2020, the matter was assigned to a new bench,
post which hearings on the matter are being held.
In July 2022, LDPL received a communication from NOIDA
authorities intimating cancellation of the sub-lease for the
land on which the project was to be constructed on account
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

of non-payment of lease instalments and non-fulfilment
of the conditions of the sub-lease, including forfeiture of
the amount deposited. The company is evaluating all
options to pursue its rights in the matter. Consequently,
as a matter of prudence, the company had derecognised
the leasehold land / assets as well as adjusted / reversed
the lease liabilities towards NOIDA in accordance with the
terms of the sub-lease deed, in its financial statements for
the year ended 31st March, 2022.
During the year ended 31st March, 2026, the company
recorded a Net Profit of ` 0.23 crore (previous year
` 0.25 crore). The Net Worth of the company stood at
` 5.80 crores as at 31st March, 2026 (previous year
` 5.57 crores).
Your Company s total investment in LDPL was
` 41.95 crores. Your Company had made provision of the
entire investment amount as diminution in the carrying
value of investment in the previous years and consequently
the carrying value of your Company s investment in
LDPL as at 31st March, 2026, is Nil.
The financial statements of LDPL for the year ended
31st March, 2026, are yet to be approved by its Board of
Directors. In the absence of audited financial statements
of LDPL, the Consolidated Financial Statements of
your Company for the year ended 31st March, 2026,
have been prepared based on the financial statements
prepared by the management of LDPL.
NOTES ON ASSOCIATES
ITC Hotels Limited ( ITCHL ) became an associate of your
Company consequent to the demerger of your Company s
Hotels business (excluding ITC Grand Central, Mumbai)
effective from 1st January, 2025. Your Company holds
39.85% stake in ITCHL as at 31st March, 2026.
The year marked five decades since the commencement
of the Hotels business in 1975 with Welcomhotel Chennai.
Over the last 50 years, the business has evolved from
a single landmark hotel into a scaled and institutionally
strong enterprise, underpinned by strong brand equity,
robust operating capability and globally acclaimed cuisine
ITCHL stands amongst India s fastest growing hospitality
companies with a diverse portfolio, comprising more than
150 hotels and 14,000 keys. The company operates
across multiple hotel brands, catering to different market
segments, and is recognised for its world-class properties,
iconic brand architecture, signature culinary offerings, and
superior service standards. Anchored in its Responsible
Luxury ethos, the company embeds sustainability across
design, operations, and guest experience.
During the year, the Indian hospitality industry witnessed
steady growth, supported by resilient domestic demand,
amidst intermittent external disruptions through the year.
After a strong start, travel momentum softened due to a
confluence of factors, including geopolitical disruptions,
aviation incidents, adverse weather events and the West
Asia conflict.
Navigating this challenging operating environment with
operational agility and disciplined execution, ITCHL
delivered resilient performance with 16% growth in
Consolidated Revenue and 37% growth in Consolidated
Profit Before Tax12. Robust Occupancy and Average
Daily Rate (ADR) growth, driven by sustained demand and
smart revenue management, boosted overall Revenues.
During the year, ITCHL s subsidiary, WelcomHotels Lanka
(Private) Limited, achieved a significant milestone as
ITC Ratnadipa, Colombo turned cash positive within its
first full year of operations along with the commencement
of delivery of Sapphire Residences.
In line with its Asset-Right growth strategy, ITCHL continued
to scale its portfolio through strategic investments in
high-potential locations and actively partner with asset
owners to expand its presence across Tier-II and Tier-III
cities. During the year, new hotel projects were announced at
Visakhapatnam and New Delhi. The hotel at Visakhapatnam
is envisaged to address the city s growing demand from IT
and data centres, industrial and port-led business travel,
further strengthening ITCHL s presence on the eastern
coast. The hotel at Yashobhoomi Complex, New Delhi,
with contemporary banqueting infrastructure and signature
cuisine offerings is expected to leverage Yashobhoomi s
positioning as a global hub for conventions, exhibitions and
marquee events. Construction is progressing well on the
ongoing projects at Puri and Welcomhotel Bhubaneswar.
The company also unveiled a new premium brand
Epiq Collection , focused on sustainability, culinary
innovation and design sophistication, to further strengthen
its premiumisation strategy.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
12. Before Exceptional Items

ITCHL s leadership in sustainable and people-first
practices was reaffirmed during the year through global
and domestic industry recognitions, including being named
the World s Leading Sustainable Organisation and World s
Leading Sustainable Employer at the World Sustainable
Travel & Hospitality Awards 2025, and being ranked #5
in India and #45 in Asia among the Best Companies to
Work For 2025 by Great Place To Work.
The outlook for the Indian hospitality sector remains
positive, driven by sustained domestic demand and travel
premiumisation across leisure, business, weddings,
MICE and religious tourism. This broad-based growth has
reduced dependence on international arrivals, significantly
enhancing the sector s stability. Recent policy measures
such as GST rationalisation and monetary easing are
anticipated to further bolster discretionary consumer
spends in the near term. Leveraging strong brand equity,
sustainability leadership, institutional strengths, and
the sectoral tailwinds, ITCHL is well-poised to create
sustained value for all stakeholders.
The Board of Directors of the company has recommended
a dividend of ` 1.00 per equity share of ` 1.00 each for the
financial year ended 31st March, 2026, for approval of its
shareholders (previous year: Nil).
Ample Foods Private Limited
In February, 2025, your Company signed Definitive
Agreements for the acquisition of 100% of the share
capital of Ample Foods Private Limited (Prasuma), in
one or more tranches, over a period of about three years.
Your Company completed the first tranche of acquisition
of 43.75% stake in Prasuma on 4th April, 2025.
Prasuma is a leading player in the frozen, chilled and
ready to cook foods space in India and operates with
Prasuma , Meatigo and Prasuma Momo Kitchen brands,
specialising in oriental cuisine (viz. Momos, Spring rolls,
Baos, Korean fried chicken), high-quality delicatessens &
raw meats and others. Prasuma offers a wide assortment
of 300+ products, backed by strong expertise in
developing innovative Good-for-You products, and has
been a pioneer in frozen products like Baos, Korean fried
chicken, Schezwan momo meal, etc. Prasuma is a strong
strategic fit with your Company s Frozen Foods business
(under the ITC Master Chef brand) and will enable your
Company to expand its portfolio in this fast growing space.
During the year, the company augmented its product
portfolio with the launch of five new variants of
Momos
&
Sausages,
viz.
Chicken
Cheese
&
Onion Sausage, Chicken Pepper & Herb Sausage,
Cheese & Chicken Momos, Whole Wheat Momos Veg &
Paneer and Whole Wheat Momos Chicken.
Sproutlife Foods Private Limited (Yoga Bar) operates in
the fast-growing, nutrition-led health food space with a
diversified product portfolio across multiple categories
bars,
breakfast
cereals,
etc.
Yoga Bar brand. As at 31st March, 2026, your Company s
stake in Sproutlife Foods Private Limited stands at 47.5%,
on a fully diluted basis with cumulative investment of
` 255 crores.
During the year, Yoga Bar sustained its strong momentum
in Bars, Muesli and Oats segments, complemented by
expansion of the protein range across the portfolio and
new launches in Plant Protein Powder segment.
With effect from 1st April, 2026, Sproutlife Foods Private
Limited has become a subsidiary of your Company.
Mother Sparsh is a premium ayurvedic and natural brand,
focused on baby personal care, health & hygiene and
expert baby care. Mother Sparsh aims to serve the needs
of informed new-age mothers who are making conscious
decisions to switch to superior products for their babies.
The Indian baby care industry continued to demonstrate
steady growth in FY 2025-26, supported by increasing
awareness among new-age parents, rising preference for
natural and safe formulations, and shift towards premium
offerings.
During the year, Mother Sparsh recorded robust growth,
driven by higher brand salience and adoption. In April 2025,
your Company entered into definitive agreements to
increase its stake in Mother Sparsh from 26.5% to 100%,
in one or more tranches, over the next two to three years.
During the year, your Company invested ` 51 crores in the
company. As at 31st March, 2026, your Company holds
39.5% stake in Mother Sparsh, on a fully diluted basis,
at a cumulative investment of ` 96 crores.
ATC Limited (an associate of Gold Flake Corporation
Limited)
The company is a contract manufacturer of cigarettes. The
company continues to deliver superior quality products to
its customers while maintaining high levels of flexibility
and agility in its manufacturing operations.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

During the year, the Company received the prestigious
STAR AWARD from National Safety Council, Tamil Nadu
chapter, Certificate of Merit from National Safety Council
of India and Certificate of Recognition in the AIOE
National Awards for Outstanding Industrial Relations from
the Employers Federation of Southern India.
Associates of Russell Credit Limited
Russell Investments Limited, Divya Management
Limited and Antrang Finance Limited
The above companies are associates of Russell Credit
Limited. These companies are NBFCs registered with
the Reserve Bank of India and continue to explore
opportunities for strategic investments.
For further details on performance of the above-mentioned
associate companies, please refer to Form AOC-1
(Statement containing salient features of the financial
statements of Subsidiaries / Associate companies / Joint
Ventures), forming part of the Report and Accounts.
Delectable Technologies Private Limited (Delectable) had
significantly scaled down its operations during the previous
year. Your Company divested its entire shareholding and
consequently, Delectable ceased to be an associate
company effective 13th May, 2025.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Corporate Governance Policy guides the conduct
of affairs of your Company and clearly delineates the
roles, responsibilities and authorities at each level of its
three-tiered governance structure and key functionaries
involved in governance. The ITC Code of Conduct commits
management to financial and accounting policies, systems
and processes. The Corporate Governance Policy and the
ITC Code of Conduct stand widely communicated across
the enterprise at all times and together with the Strategy
of Organisation, Planning & Review Processes and the
Risk Management Framework provide the foundation
for Internal Financial Controls with reference to your
Company s Financial Statements.
Such Financial Statements are prepared on the basis
of the Material Accounting Policies that are carefully
selected by management and approved by the Audit
Committee and the Board. These Policies are supported
by the Corporate Accounting and Systems Policies that
apply to the entity as a whole to implement the tenets of
Corporate Governance and Material Accounting Policies
uniformly across your Company. The Accounting Policies
are reviewed and updated from time to time. These, in
turn, are supported by a set of Divisional policies and
Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) that have been
established for individual Businesses.
Your Company uses Enterprise Resource Planning
(ERP) systems as a business enabler and also to
maintain its books of accounts. The SOPs, in tandem
with transactional controls built into the ERP systems,
ensure appropriate segregation of duties, tiered approval
mechanisms and maintenance of supporting records.
The Information Management Policy reinforces the
control environment. The systems, SOPs and controls
are reviewed by Divisional management and audited by
Internal Audit, whose findings and recommendations are
reviewed by the Audit Committee and tracked through
till implementation.
Your Company has in place adequate internal financial
controls with reference to the Financial Statements.
These have been designed to provide reasonable
assurance with regard to recording and providing reliable
financial information; complying with applicable statutes;
safeguarding assets from unauthorised use; ensuring that
transactions are carried out with adequate authorisation
and complying with Corporate Policies and Processes.
Such controls have been assessed during the year, after
taking into consideration the essential components of
internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit
of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India. Based on the results of such assessment carried
out by management, no reportable material weakness
or significant deficiency in the design or operation of
internal financial controls was observed. Nonetheless,
your Company recognises that any internal control
framework, no matter how well designed, has inherent
limitations and accordingly, regular audit and review
processes ensure that such systems are reinforced on
an ongoing basis.
Risk Management
As a diversified enterprise, your Company continues
to focus on a system-based approach to business risk
management. The management of risk is embedded in
your Company s corporate strategy to build a future-ready
portfolio of businesses that best match organisational
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

capability with opportunities in domestic and international
markets, strengthening capabilities and competencies to
enhance competitiveness and win in the rapidly evolving
operating landscape. Accordingly, management of
risk has always been an integral part of your Company s
Strategy of Organisation and straddles its planning,
execution
reporting
systems
&
processes.
Backed by strong internal control systems, the current
Risk Management Framework consists of the following
key elements:
-
The Corporate Governance Policy, approved by the
Board, clearly lays down the roles and responsibilities
of the various entities in relation to risk management
covering a range of responsibilities, from the strategic
to the operational. These role definitions, inter alia,
provide the foundation for appropriate risk management
procedures, their effective implementation across
your Company and independent monitoring and
reporting by Internal Audit.
-
The Risk Management Committee, constituted
by the Board, monitors and reviews the strategic
risk management plans of your Company as a whole
and provides necessary directions on the same.
-
The Corporate Risk Management Cell, through
focused interactions with Businesses, facilitates
the identification and prioritisation of strategic and
operational
risks,
appropriate
mitigation strategies and conducts periodic reviews of
the progress on management of identified risks.
-
A combination of centrally issued policies and
Business-specific procedures bring robustness to the
process of ensuring that business risks are effectively
addressed.
-
Appropriate structures are in place to proactively
monitor and manage the inherent risks in businesses
with unique or relatively high-risk profiles.
-
Foreign currency exposures continue to be managed
within the framework of the Forex policies and
procedures.
-
A strong and independent Internal Audit function at
the Corporate level carries out risk focused audits
across all Businesses, enabling identification of areas
where risk management processes may need to be
strengthened. The Audit Committee of the Board
reviews Internal Audit findings and provides strategic
guidance on internal controls. The Audit Compliance
Review Committee closely monitors the internal
control environment within your Company including
implementation of the action plans emerging out of
internal audit findings.
-
At the Business level, Divisional Auditors continuously
verify compliance with laid down policies and
procedures and help plug control gaps by assisting
operating management in the formulation of control
procedures.
-
A robust and comprehensive framework of strategic
planning and performance management ensures
realisation of business objectives based on effective
strategy implementation. The annual planning exercise
requires all Businesses to clearly identify their top risks
and set out a mitigation plan with agreed timelines and
accountabilities. Businesses are required to confirm
periodically that all relevant risks have been identified,
assessed, evaluated and that appropriate mitigation
measures have been implemented.
Your Company endeavours to continuously sharpen
its Risk Management systems and processes in
line with a rapidly changing business environment.
All Businesses of your Company have adopted the
ISO 31000 Risk Management Standard; risk management
systems and processes prevalent in the Businesses have
been independently assessed to be compliant with the
same. The centrally anchored initiative of conducting
independent external reviews of key business processes
with high value at risk continued during the year.
These interventions continue to provide further assurance
on the robustness of risk management practices prevalent
in your Company.
Geopolitical developments, including regional conflicts,
evolving energy dynamics, and tariff led trade measures,
have heightened uncertainty in the operating environment.
These developments have resulted in increased volatility
across commodity and energy markets, disruptions in
global supply chains, and sharp escalation in logistics and
ocean freight costs.
Your
proactively
monitor
these developments and has undertaken a range of
measures to strengthen supply chain resilience. These
include expansion of the sourcing and vendor base,
diversification of fuel and energy sources, development
of alternate materials and formulations, augmentation of
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

the domestic supplier base to enable import substitution,
and dynamically adjusting safety stock levels, as required.
Other key interventions include long-term supply contracts
with key vendors, investments in technology to enhance
flexibility in the use of alternative fuels, pipeline inventory
management and structured hedging arrangements to
mitigate commodity prices volatility and ensure continuity
of operations.
As your Company s digital transformation accelerates,
its cyber security posture continues to be strengthened to
address the rapidly evolving cyber-threat landscape. The
Cyber Security Committee provides direction on strategy,
establishes enterprise-wide security standards aligned
with best-in-class practices and monitors the cyber risk
posture to ensure resilient digital operations.
Cyber risks are managed through an integrated, layered
information technology and operational technology
(IT-OT) security framework encompassing preventive,
detective, and response controls. This includes robust
security architecture, continuous monitoring of critical
assets, secure application development, governed access
mechanisms, and the adoption of Zero Trust principles
and cloud secure networks. Controls are in place to
address IT-OT convergence through standardised
security measures, real time operational asset visibility,
specialised OT monitoring, and periodic assessments.
In addition, a centralised AI enabled Security Operations
Centre (SOC) provides 24 7 monitoring and response
readiness.
Independent assurance is obtained through Vulnerability
Assessment & Penetration Testing (VAPT), maturity
assessments,
external
Red
Team
exercises.
Enterprise wide cyber security awareness programmes
coupled with robust AI governance framework further
reinforce vigilance and institutionalise a strong security
culture.
There were no reportable cyber incidents, network
outages,
or
disruptions
attributable
cyber-attacks or malware during the reporting period,
underscoring the effectiveness of your Company s cyber
security governance, controls, and oversight mechanisms.
Climate change remains an existential global challenge,
and India is among the most vulnerable geographies.
Given your Company s pan India footprint and reliance
on agricultural and forestry-based raw materials, your
Company is inherently exposed to climate-related risks.
Your Company has adopted a comprehensive strategy
addressing both transition and physical climate risks
as part of its Sustainability 2.0 vision. Your Company s
commitment to achieve Net Zero Operations by 2050 will
involve decarbonisation of its Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions, specifically addressing emissions related to
electrical and thermal energy in its own operations.
-
On transition risks, your Company is driving extensive
decarbonisation across the value chain as part of
its commitment to achieve Net Zero Operations
by 2050. Your Company is also strengthening
collaboration with value chain partners to accelerate
the decarbonisation of Scope 3 emissions. These
efforts are supported by robust monitoring systems
that are aligned with emerging global standards.
-
As part of its initiative to address physical risks,
your Company continues to actively pursue climate
proofing its operations and agricultural value chains
by using latest climate risk modelling techniques and
developing site-specific risk mitigation strategies.
Your Company s approach is geared towards
addressing climate risks in the short-term such as
impact of drought and erratic precipitation levels,
while simultaneously building long-term resilience
across its key agri value chains.
-
Water stewardship is a key pillar of Sustainability 2.0.
Towards enabling water security for all stakeholders
in its catchments, your Company s water stewardship
is aligned with the Alliance for Water Stewardship
Standard (AWS) a globally recognised framework for
assessing the efficacy of water management across
water stressed sites.
Your Company also recognises the significant potential
of nature-based solutions in carbon sequestration and
ecosystem resilience and prioritises actions to minimise
environmental impacts across land, freshwater, oceans and
the atmosphere. Your Company s strategy is consistent with
the recommendations of the Taskforce on Nature-related
Financial Disclosures (TNFD), which includes the L.E.A.P.
(Locate, Evaluate, Assess and Prepare) approach. This
approach emphasises the identification and management
of significant nature-related Dependencies, Impacts, Risks
and Opportunities (DIRO).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

In response to rapidly evolving Extended Producer
Responsibility (EPR) regulations for plastic packaging, a
robust system supported by SOPs and internal / external
reviews has been put in place to ensure organisational
readiness and compliance. Your Company is also pursuing
sustainable packaging initiatives, including packaging
optimisation, reduction in plastic packaging intensity,
improved recyclability and introduction of recycled content
in plastic packaging.
Your Company has institutionalised a robust sustainability
governance
framework
well-defined
processes to ensure compliance with new and emerging
regulations. In addition, your Company actively engages
with government and regulatory authorities, through
industry bodies, to contribute to the development of
effective and pragmatic regulatory and policy frameworks.
Your Company sources several commodities for use as
inputs in its Businesses and engages in agri-commodity
trading as part of its Agri Business. In respect of
commodities sourced for use as inputs in its Businesses,
your Company has well laid out strategies to manage risks
arising out of the inherent price volatility associated with
such commodities. This includes robust mechanisms for
monitoring market dynamics towards making informed
sourcing decisions, well defined inventory holding norms
based on considerations such as seasonality and the
strategic nature of the commodity concerned, long-term
contracts with suppliers and continuous diversification
of the supplier base to secure supply of critical items
at competitive costs. Multiple sourcing models, wide
geographical spread, extensive sourcing and supply chain
network and associated infrastructure in key growing
areas coupled with deep-rooted farmer linkages and use
of digital technologies ensure sourcing of high quality
agri-commodities at competitive costs.
In respect of agri-commodity trading, your Company has
a well-defined policy to manage risks associated with
sourcing of such commodities. This includes:
-
segregation of duties and robust internal controls
through a system of checks and balances embedded
in the organisation and governance structure
-
clearly defined limits for trading positions (long and
short) and net cash loss for specific commodities /
commodity groups
-
mitigation of price, liquidity and counter party
risks through hedging on commodity exchanges
(mainly NCDEX) for certain commodities, as
applicable. Correlation between prices prevailing
in the physical market and those on the commodity
analysed
regularly
ensure
effectiveness of hedging
-
robust monitoring and review mechanisms of net
open positions and value at risk
-
ECGC cover for exports (covering commercial &
political risks) and credit insurance for large domestic
customers.
The framework of policies and processes outlined above
adequately addresses the key risks associated with
sourcing of commodities for your Company s Businesses.
Your Company s strategy of backward integration in
sourcing of agri-commodities such as wheat, potato, fruit
pulp, spices, milk and leaf tobacco; in-house manufacturing
of paperboards, paper and packaging (including pulp
production and print cylinder making facilities); wood
procurement from the economic vicinity of the Bhadrachalam
unit, facilitates access to critical inputs at benchmark quality
and competitive cost besides ensuring security of supplies.
Further, each of your Company s Businesses continuously
focuses on product mix enrichment and yield improvement
towards protecting margins and insulating operations from
spikes in input prices.
During the year, the Risk Management Committee and the
Audit Committee reviewed the status and effectiveness of
the risk management framework, systems and policies,
and considered them to be adequate.
During the year, your Company received the Masters of Risk
Award in the FMCG category at the India Risk Management
Awards 2025 (CNBC TV18 and ICICI Lombard), in its
maiden participation, which is a testament to the maturity of
your Company s risk management practices.
The risk management practices of your Company,
as reviewed through the Risk Management Cell and
Internal Audit processes, have been found to be relevant
and commensurate with the size and complexity of
its operations.
AUDIT AND SYSTEMS
Your Company believes that a strong internal control
framework commensurate with the scale, scope and
complexity of its operations is integral to effective
governance and sustainable value creation. Your
Company s internal control framework supports the
orderly and efficient conduct of business, reliable financial
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

reporting, safeguarding of assets, and compliance with
policies, while enabling empowered decision making with
appropriate checks and balances.
Your Company remains committed to ensuring a mature
and effective internal control environment that, inter alia,
provides assurance on orderly and efficient conduct of
operations, security of assets, prevention and detection of
frauds/errors, accuracy and completeness of accounting
records
compliance
various
requirements as applicable.
Your Company s independent and robust Internal Audit
processes, at both Business and Corporate levels,
provide assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of
internal controls, compliance with business processes and
procedures, internal policies and regulatory requirements.
The role of Internal Audit is to enhance and protect
organisational value by providing risk-based assurance,
advisory inputs and insights, while enabling continuous
improvement of your Company s internal controls and
systems.
The Internal Audit function, a multi-disciplinary team
comprising professionally qualified accountants, engineers
and information technology specialists, is adequately
resourced to deliver high-quality assurance across your
Company s operating landscape. The team s skills are
continuously strengthened through periodic learning and
development programmes on contemporary topics.
Information security and cyber security have assumed
increased significance with the accelerated adoption of
digital technologies in recent years. Accordingly, Internal
Audit has further enhanced its focus on governance,
systems and controls over key digital assets and platforms,
IT-OT integration, and protection of sensitive data and
information.
Periodical reviews are conducted focusing on assessment
of controls pertaining to confidentiality, integrity and
availability of business information and systems covering
general IT controls and security of your Company s
IT Infrastructure. All systems and policies relating to
Information Management are regularly reviewed and
benchmarked to ensure they remain contemporary.
Further, all critical IT systems undergo pre-implementation
audits prior to deployment in the operating environment,
thereby providing assurance on implementation rigour
and operational readiness.
Aligned with your Company s Digital First strategy, the
Internal Audit function continues to evolve as an agile,
multi-skilled and technology-enabled function. During
the year, Internal Audit initiated the deployment of
a data driven Continuous Auditing and Continuous
Monitoring (CACM) solution, providing real-time visibility
and insights into key risks and control performance
across select processes. Digital and technology risk
capabilities
further
through the deployment of AI and intelligent automation,
enhancing productivity and enabling sharper risk insights.
Complementing
these
initiatives,
industry-standard
cyber security tools were deployed for source code
reviews, website & application security assessments
and application vulnerability testing. These initiatives
have enabled early cyber-risk detection and secure
practices,
overall
effectiveness & depth of coverage.
Qualified engineers within the Internal Audit function review
the design, planning and execution of all ongoing projects
that involve significant expenditure. This ensures that
project management controls are robust and yield value
for money . The Internal Audit function also leverages
state-of-the-art industry-specific tools and technology to
conduct comprehensive project audits.
Your Company s Internal Audit processes are certified
as complying with ISO 9001:2015 Quality Standards.
Further, systems and processes are in accordance with
the Standards on Internal Audit (SIA) issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
The Audit Committee reviews the effectiveness of
your Company s internal control environment, including
internal financial controls and risk management systems,
and monitors the implementation of action plans
arising from significant Internal Audit findings. Material
observations, as defined in the Terms of Reference, are
reviewed at the highest level by the Audit Compliance and
Review Committee and the Audit Committee.
HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT
Your Company s thought, strategy and action are inspired
by a larger purpose of being an exemplary Indian enterprise
that not only delivers superior competitive performance,
but also embeds sustainability and inclusiveness at
the core of its Businesses. This approach enables your
Company to delight consumers and customers with a
vibrant portfolio of industry leading products and services
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

while creating enduring value for the Indian economy
and the larger community of stakeholders. The talent
management strategy of your Company is designed to
attract, retain and develop human capital that enables
your Company to sustain its position as one of India s
most valuable corporations, whilst continuing with its
mission of building a responsible Future-Tech enterprise.
Your Company s employees relentlessly strive to deliver
world-class performance, collaborating with each other
while upholding their responsibilities as trustees of all
stakeholders.
Your
committed
perpetuating vitality - its growth as a value generating
engine and also as an exemplary institution - so that IT
continues to succeed in its relentless pursuit of creating
enduring value.
Your
Company s
Human
Resources
approach spans four key organisational dimensions of
Architecture, Alignment, Agility and Ability which are
supported through strategies crafted in areas such as
talent acquisition, engagement, diversity & inclusion,
capability building, employee relations, performance &
rewards and employee well-being. Through its various
talent initiatives and processes, your Company strives
to deliver the value proposition of Building Winning
Businesses, Building Business Leaders and Creating
Value for India . The talent development practices are
designed to create, nurture and strengthen the capability
of human capital to deliver critical outcomes across the
dimensions of strategic impact, operational efficiency
and capital productivity while reimagining consumer
experience, driving business model transformation and
enhancing employee experience.
Your Company s Strategy of Organisation is designed
to promote agility through a culture and practice of
distributed leadership enabled by a three-tier governance
structure. This is manifested in market and consumer
facing Businesses, which are driven by empowered,
cluster-based teams and supported by shared assets
and capabilities, enabling strategic relevance, speed,
responsiveness,
operational
This
approach allows Businesses, through their Management
Committees, to focus, develop and execute Business
Plans relevant to their product-market spaces while
leveraging the institutional strengths of your Company
and harvesting internal synergies.
The year under review reflected enhanced talent
stability, marked by lower attrition and a more measured
approach to remuneration decisions. While flexible work
arrangements are now prevalent across industry, there has
been a moderation in application, reflecting a gradual shift
towards an equilibrium. The adoption and integration of
digitalisation and automation tools to enhance productivity
continues.
Your
remains
committed
prioritising employee well-being & mental health support.
Your Company s unique employer equity as an exemplary
Indian enterprise creating world-class brands, building
business leaders and generating economic, social and
environmental capital for the Indian economy, continues
to play a pivotal role in the attraction and retention of
high-quality talent. The management trainee programme,
augmented with recruitment of experienced talent from
the market, is an integral part of building a deep pipeline.
Your Company continues to draw the finest management,
technical and commercial talent from premier institutions in
the country and is ranked amongst the leading companies
at these institutions. Intensive engagement with the
country s premier academic institutions over the years to
communicate your Company s talent proposition through
case-study competitions, knowledge-sharing programmes
by senior managers, social media interactions, on-ground
exposure, factory visits for students and the annual
internship programmes have all contributed to creating a
compelling proposition for the best candidates to aspire
for a career with your Company. Your Company continues
to enthuse talent with high-impact roles, competitive and
performance driven remuneration with an emphasis on
long-term incentives, a wealth of learning opportunities,
a commitment to enhancing diversity, equity & inclusion,
employee-centric
climate,
well-being
infrastructure and support that promotes fellowship and
commitment amongst employees.
Your Company s talent development approach is
founded on the belief that learning initiatives must remain
synergistic and aligned to business outcomes. Your
Company provides managers with contemporary and
relevant learning and development support through a
combination of self-paced e-learning modules, classroom
programmes and application projects with emphasis
on experiential learning, on-the-job assignments and
exposure to nationally and globally renowned faculty.
Deep functional expertise is fostered at early stages of
an employee s career through immersion in complex
problem-solving assignments requiring the application
domain
expertise.
These
interventions
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

helped your Company build and sustain a culture of
application-focused continuous learning, innovation and
collaboration. Managers are assessed on your Company s
behavioural competency framework and provided with
learning and development support to address areas
identified for improvement. Key talent is provided critical
experiences in high-impact roles and mentored by senior
managers, promoting the development of a steady pool of
high-quality talent.
Your Company has identified three capability vectors
for making Businesses future-ready - Leadership
Development, Business Critical Functional Competencies,
and Organisation Identity & Pride. As a part of leadership
development initiatives, the Reflections 360 programme
provides leaders with feedback from team members,
peers and managers, enabling self-driven personal
development. This was supplemented by immersive
workshops and personalised one-on-one coaching for
senior managers.
This approach ensures relevance and impact, thereby
enhancing the capability index of your Company s human
capital. Globally benchmarked curricula are tailored to
your Company s context, especially in the domains of
Business Strategy, AI and Digital Upskilling, Industrial
Analytics, Innovation, Brand Marketing and Manufacturing
Strategy. All these interventions are delivered through
subject
matter
experts
supplemented
business-critical
application
projects,
mentored
respective heads of functions. Periodic induction
programmes, anchored by senior leaders, enable new
entrants to appreciate your Company s Vision, Mission,
Culture, Values and Strategies while fostering pride in
affiliation with your Company.
Your Company continues to strengthen its performance
management system and its culture of accountability
widespread
adoption
system
Management-by-Objectives.
Performance
planning
through clearly defined goals, outcome-based assessment,
and alignment of rewards for achievement of results
have all contributed to a robust culture of ownership and
accountability. Career Conversations and succession
planning processes have contributed to helping employees
realise their potential, craft their careers while recognising
their strengths and areas of development and ensuring a
sound workforce planning system.
In the spirit of continuous improvement, your Company
maintains a practice of periodically assessing employee
engagement through an entity-wide survey. The survey
results of 2024 continue to indicate an improving
trend, on a strong base, with scores increasing in the
range of 10 to 16 percentage points on key dimensions.
96% of employees reported a deep sense of pride and
association with your Company, 94% reported a belief
in your Company s overarching goals & leadership and
94% are optimistic of the future. These engagement
levels reflect in your Company s superior standing
on employee turnover. During the year, a range of
engagement programmes were sustained including
initiatives such as leadership outreach through extensive
communication, recognition programmes acknowledging
exceptional contributions of employees and teams, career
conversations and investments in employee wellbeing.
During the year, your Company received widespread
recognition for its best-in-class Talent Management and
Employee Relations practices. The Cigarettes Business
earned top honours including the CII HR Excellence
Award, Financial Express HR Gold Award for DEI, and
EFI-CII recognition for Employee Relations. LSTC won
the ETHRWorld EX Awards for Exceptional Employee
Experience, while the Agri Business received FICCI s
Women Empowerment Award. The Branded Packaged
Foods Business was recognised at the EFI-CII National
Awards and also won the prestigious ATD Excellence in
Practice Awards 2026 for Change Management.
Your Company s efforts to enhance Diversity, Equity and
Inclusion are founded on the conviction that a diverse
workforce contributes to rich discourse, promotes holistic
perspectives, fosters creative solutions and is integral
to serving customers better while creating value for
all stakeholders. Your Company s policy on Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion articulates and institutionalises this
conviction through concerted actions spanning three
vectors, i.e., Representation, Inclusion & Enablement and
Commitment & Assurance. Your Company is committed
to enhancing gender diversity and participation of the
differently abled in the workforce.
Measures to enhance diversity include ensuring sufficient
representation of women in the selection pool and
deployment of the differently abled across suitable
opportunities in the value chain. Through progressive
policies offering flexible work arrangements, extended
child-care leave, travel support for infants and care-givers,
secure transport, paternity leave, same gender partner
medical benefits, infrastructure support coupled with various
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

sensitisation programmes, Employee Resource Groups,
development interventions tailored for women talent,
and the commitment and sponsorship of leaders; your
Company provides an enabling environment to further its
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals. To ensure a safe
and progressive work environment, Internal Committees
have been institutionalised as per provisions of the
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The focused
efforts across these dimensions have resulted in an 82%
increase in women managers in your Company since
FY 2021-22. During the year, five complaints of sexual
harassment were received and promptly resolved. There
were no complaints pending for more than 90 days.
Further, the Company during the year has complied with
the provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 (now
forming part of the Code on Social Security, 2020).
Your Company continued its practice of active leadership
outreach to employees. Periodic communication with the
ITC community through StudioOne Townhalls led by the
Chairman, provided employees avenues to hear from
and engage with leaders about your Company s vision,
strategy and milestones. This was supplemented by a
more personalised engagement through the StudioOne
Xchange initiative. The Chairman and other members of
the Corporate Management Committee interacted with
managers across Businesses in small groups, sharing
your Company s vision and strategies while also inviting
suggestions and feedback. Your Company believes that
alignment of all employees to a shared vision and purpose
is vital for winning in the marketplace. IT also recognises
the mutuality of interests with key stakeholders and is
committed to continue building harmonious employee
relations. Your Company remains dedicated to an
Employee Relations climate of partnership and mutuality
while ensuring operations are competitive, flexible
and responsive. The Employee Relations philosophy
of your Company, anchored in the tenets of Scientific
Management, Industrial Democracy, Human Relations
and Employee well-being, has contributed towards
building a robust platform which has aided the conclusion
of collective bargaining agreements at several of its
manufacturing units, ensuring smooth commencement
of operations at greenfield locations and the execution of
productivity improvement practices.
In its relentless pursuit of excellence and value creation,
your Company offers an abundance of opportunities for
employees to grow and thrive in an environment of trust,
empowerment and continuous learning. The access to
best-in-class resources, technology and infrastructure, the
prospect of building businesses rooted in value chains in
India, the deployment of deep consumer insights to create
and shape Indian brands are the defining hallmarks of
The ITC Way . This unique blend of a high-performance
culture coupled with care and respect for people remain
vital to realising your Company s vision of sustaining its
position as one of India s most valuable and admired
corporations.
WHISTLEBLOWER POLICY
Your Company s Whistleblower Policy encourages
Directors and employees to promptly bring to the
Company s attention, instances of illegal or unethical
conduct, actual or suspected incidents of fraud, actions that
affect the financial integrity of the Company, or actual or
suspected instances of leak of unpublished price sensitive
information, that could adversely impact the Company s
operations, business performance and / or reputation.
The Policy requires the Company to investigate such
incidents, when reported, and take appropriate action to
ensure that the requisite standards of professional and
ethical conduct are always upheld. Anonymous complaints
are also entertained if the same are backed by specific
allegations & verifiable facts, and are accompanied
with supporting evidence. IT is the Company s Policy to
ensure that no complainant is victimised or harassed for
bringing such incidents to the attention of the Company,
and to keep the information disclosed during the course
of the investigation as confidential. The practice of the
Whistleblower Policy is overseen by the Audit Committee
no
employee
denied
access
Committee during the year. The Whistleblower Policy
is available on the Company s corporate website at
https://www.itcportal.com/whistleblower-policy.
During the year, your Company received 23 complaints in
terms of the Whistleblower Policy, of which investigation
in respect of 17 complaints was completed; in most of the
cases, no evidence was found in support of the allegations
made. Appropriate action, where necessary, was taken.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

SUSTAINABILITY 2.0
Your Company believes that when enterprises make
societal value creation an integral part of their corporate
strategy, powerful drivers of innovation emerge that make
growth more enduring for all stakeholders. This paradigm
is called Responsible Competitiveness - an abiding
strategy that focuses on extreme competitiveness but in
a manner that replenishes the environment and supports
sustainable livelihoods.
Your Company s innovative business models synergise
the building of economic, environmental and social capital,
thus embedding sustainability at the core of its corporate
strategy. Today, this strategy has not only contributed
to building strong businesses of the future as well as a
portfolio of winning world-class brands, but also in making
your Company a global exemplar in Triple Bottom Line
performance. Your Company is the only enterprise in the
world of comparable dimensions to have achieved and
sustained the three key global indices of environmental
sustainability of being water positive (for 24 years),
carbon positive (for 21 years), and solid waste recycling
positive (for 19 years).
Your Company is actively working towards Sustainability
2.0, an agenda which reimagines sustainability under the
pressing challenges of climate change and social inequity.
Sustainability 2.0 calls for inclusive strategies that can
support sustainable livelihoods, pursue newer ways to
combat climate change, enable the transition to a net
zero economy, work towards enabling water security and
create an effective circular economy for post-consumer
packaging waste. IT also entails protecting and restoring
biodiversity and ecosystem services through adoption of
nature-based solutions. Your Company believes that agility
in thought and action, meaningful public-private-people
partnerships and Responsible Competitiveness will act
as core enablers of this new agenda. Your Company has
the potential to make a large-scale impact not only from
an economic standpoint, but also from the perspective of
supporting livelihoods and social enablement because
of its presence across several critical sectors of the
economy. With its bold Sustainability 2.0 agenda, your
Company is setting the bar higher and remains committed
to making meaningful contribution to the Nation s
future while retaining its status as a sustainability
exemplar. Building on progress towards ensuring
that 100% of packaging is reusable, recyclable or
compostable / biodegradable, your Company has further
strengthened its 2030 circularity commitments. The 2030
Sustainability 2.0 ambitions include:
Climate Change
-
Enhancing the share of renewable energy usage to
50% of total energy consumption by 2030.
-
Meeting
100%
purchased
grid
electricity
requirements from renewable sources by 2030.
-
Reducing specific energy consumption by 30% and
specific Greenhouse Gases (GHG) emissions by 50%
by 2030 as compared to the FY 2018-19 baseline.
-
Sustain and enhance carbon sequestration by
expanding forestry projects through your Company s
Social and Farm Forestry programme and other such
initiatives covering over 1.5 million acres by 2030.
Water Stewardship
-
Achieving 40% reduction in specific water consumption
by 2030 as compared to the FY 2018-19 baseline.
-
Creation of rainwater harvesting potential equivalent
to over five times the net water consumption by 2030.
-
Certification of all sites in high water stressed areas
as per the international water stewardship standard
by Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) by 2035.
-
Improve crop water-use efficiency in agri value chains
through demand side management interventions and
enable savings of 2,000 million kl of water by 2030.
Plastic Waste and Circular Economy
-
Use 60% recycled plastic across rigid packaging and
20% recycled plastic across flexible packaging by
2030 (where permitted).
-
Avoid 50,000 MT of virgin plastics in packaging
design,
optimisation
use of recycled /alternative materials by 2030
(vs FY 2021-22 baseline).
-
Ensure that at least 60% packaging is made from
recycled or renewable materials.
-
Continue to sustainably manage 100% plastic
packaging waste and recycle at least 60% of plastic
packaging waste collected by 2030.
-
By 2030, reach 20 million households through ITC s
source segregation-focused solid waste management
initiatives including those in partnerships with local
Government.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Sustainable Agriculture
-
Promote climate smart agriculture approach in core
Agri Business catchments across four million acres
by 2030.

Integrate the approach with interventions linked to
water & soil and on-farm & off-farm diversification

Leverage
digital
on-ground
extension
platforms, including FPO led models and phygital
advisory systems, to enhance farmer capability,
productivity
climate
resilience
strengthening incomes for farming communities.
Biodiversity Conservation
-
Revive & sustain ecosystem services and products
provided by nature through biodiversity conservation,
covering over one million acres by 2030.

Implement location-specific, community-centric
biodiversity programmes that integrate restoration
of common lands and nature-based solutions
across agri-catchments.

Enable co-benefits for agriculture and livelihoods
through restoration of ecosystem services such
as soil health, water regulation, pollination, and
carbon sequestration.
Sustainable Livelihoods
-
Supporting sustainable livelihoods for 10 million
people by 2030.

Leverage ITC s deep engagements in agriculture,
manufacturing and services, as well as its
extensive distribution infrastructure to support
millions of livelihoods.

Foster inclusive livelihood opportunities across
farm, forest and non-farm value chains through
capability building and institutional strengthening
enabling income stability, skill enhancement and
dignified livelihoods for women, vulnerable and
marginalised communities.
Your Company s Businesses are actively working
towards achieving your Company s Sustainability 2.0
vision. During FY 2025-26, your Company achieved an
overall renewable energy share of 51%. Commendable
progress has been made in line with 2030 targets
relating to specific energy, specific GHG emissions and
specific water consumption across Businesses. In line
with its commitment, your Company continued to remain
plastic neutral during FY 2025-26, complying with its
extended producer responsibility obligations under Plastic
Waste Management Rules, 2016. During the year, your
Company s large-scale programmes on Sustainable
Agriculture were augmented to cover 3.19 million
acres. Through its deep engagement in agriculture,
manufacturing and services, as well as its extensive
distribution infrastructure and large-scale programmes
under ITC Mission Sunehra Kal, your Company supports
nearly nine million sustainable livelihoods across its
operations and value chains.
In addition to its 2030 targets, your Company has articulated
a long-term climate ambition to achieve Net Zero Operations
by 2050 through a structured decarbonisation pathway
for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. In parallel, your
Company will deepen collaboration across its value chain
to enable Scope 3 decarbonisation, while progressively
strengthening systems to measure and monitor Scope 3
emissions in line with emerging standards.
To advance its Sustainability 2.0 vision, your Company
continues to strengthen governance and management
oversight through a comprehensive policy framework
enterprise-wide
implementation.
Stakeholder
engagement and materiality assessment remain central
to prioritising issues and managing value-chain impacts,
while systems are being enhanced in line with evolving
ESG and disclosure expectations. During the year,
the Board approved a refreshed suite of sustainability
policies, including a new Responsible Marketing Policy,
benchmarked against global and national standards and
these are available on your Company s corporate website.
During
year,
published
22nd Sustainability Report, outlining performance during
FY 2024-25 across the Triple Bottom Line . The report
is prepared In Accordance - Comprehensive with
GRI Standards and is independently assured to a
reasonable level under ISAE 3000. Your Company
also published its first Nature Report, aligned to the
recommendations of the Taskforce on Nature-related
Financial Disclosures (TNFD).
In line with SEBI requirements, the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for the year under
review is annexed to the Report and Accounts and maps
performance against the nine principles of the National
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct issued
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. Your Company
will publish its Sustainability Report for FY 2025-26 on
your Company s corporate website in due course.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

During the year, your Company sustained its AA rating
from MSCI ESG for the eighth consecutive year and
continued to feature in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class
(DJ BIC) Emerging Markets Index. IT also remained on
CDP s A List for Water for the third consecutive year
and maintained a Leadership level score of A- for
Climate for the fourth consecutive year. In addition, your
Company achieved a Leadership Level score of A for
CDP Forest, earning inclusion in the A List in its first year
of participation. These external assessments reinforce
the strength of your Company s sustainability governance
and disclosures, supporting long-term resilience and
stakeholder confidence.
Contribution to the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (UN SDGs)
Your Company s Sustainability strategies, and Social
Investment Programmes and interventions, in addition
to their alignment with national priorities, are also well
positioned to contribute to the achievement of India s
commitment under the UN SDGs. For instance, your
Company s programme on Climate Smart Agriculture
is aligned to the Government s National Mission for
Sustainable Agriculture, and also contributes to the
achievement of multiple SDGs, including SDG 13 (Climate
Action), SDG 15 (Life on Land), SDG 1 (No Poverty),
SDG 2 (Zero Hunger), SDG 12 (Responsible Consumption
and Production) and SDG 5 (Gender Equality). Your
Company s multi-dimensional environmental and social
interventions which have been scaled up over the years
contribute favourably to all 17 UN SDGs.
Building Climate Resilience
Your Company recognises climate change as a material
factor influencing long-term value creation and a resilient,
sustainable future. As part of this commitment, your
Company s climate strategy places equal emphasis on
enabling the transition to a low-carbon economy as well
as building resilience to the impacts of climate change.
Your Company is implementing a suite of decarbonisation
initiatives across its value chain. These include increasing
the share of renewable energy; improving energy and
resource efficiency; reducing the carbon footprint of
buildings through low-carbon construction and green
design; optimising logistics; and promoting climate-smart,
regenerative agricultural practices. Life-Cycle Analysis
(LCA) is being used to identify emission hotspots and
guide the development of climate-friendly products
and processes.
To strengthen resilience to short, medium and long-term
physical climate risks, your Company is undertaking
climate risk and vulnerability assessments across key
agri value chains and operating locations, including
factories and warehouses, supported by external
climate expertise and AI-enabled analytical tools. Using
forward-looking climate scenarios (up to 2100), these
evaluate
exposure
key
hazards
such as heat stress and flooding and, to date, cover
around 140 locations across own operations and the
extended value chain. The insights enable prioritisation
of resilience measures and inform investment decisions
for adaptation, business continuity and climate risk
management. Further, farm-level studies are deployed
to deepen understanding of climate impacts on key
crops and to strengthen field interventions, including
the development and dissemination of climate-tolerant
varieties and regenerative agronomic practices.
Energy Conservation and Renewable Energy
Your Company is accelerating its transition away from
fossil fuels through a combination of energy efficiency
initiatives and scaled renewable energy sourcing. Several
manufacturing and logistics facilities incorporate green
design features and are certified at the highest levels by
the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) and the Indian
Green Building Council (IGBC). During the year, 51%
of total energy requirements were met from renewables
(wind, solar and biomass), supported by an installed solar
and wind capacity of over 177 MW to meet electrical energy
demand. Investments continue to expand renewable
coverage across both thermal and electrical energy.
Looking ahead, your Company remains committed
to sourcing 100% of purchased grid electricity from
renewable sources by 2030 and sustaining more than
50% renewables in total energy consumption, supported
by continued efficiency measures and investments in
renewable energy as operations scale. These initiatives
are expected to further decouple growth from energy
consumption and emissions, while reducing exposure to
energy price volatility.
GHG and Carbon Sequestration
The GHG inventory of your Company for FY 2025-26
compiled according to the ISO 14064 Standard has been
assured by an independent third-party. The GHG inventory
covers emissions from your Company s operations
as well as GHG removals through large-scale forestry
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

programmes. In addition to carbon sequestration, your
Company s Social and Farm Forestry initiatives, deliver
multiple co-benefits, including greening of degraded
wasteland, prevention of soil erosion, enhancement of soil
organic matter and improving ground water recharge. Your
Company, through its extensive plantation programme,
has covered over 1.48 million acres through afforestation.
During the year, over 163,380 acres of plantation were
added resulting in sequestration of appx. 7.6 million MT
of CO2. The programme also supported over 270 million
person-days of employment while creating a sustainable
fibre chain, ensuring availability of high-quality raw
materials for your Company s Paper and Notebooks
businesses.
Pioneering the Green Building Movement in India
In order to continuously reduce your Company s energy
footprint, green features are being integrated in all new
and old constructions including manufacturing units,
warehouses and office complexes. Your Company is a
pioneer in the green buildings movement in India, with
17 buildings having achieved Platinum certification by
Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) / LEED framework
by US Green Building Council (USGBC).
This
includes
several
flagship
facilities,
notably
ITC Sankhya, Bengaluru - the world s first data centre
to receive LEED Platinum certification. Other large
infrastructure investments such as the ITC Green Centre
at Guntur and the ITC Green Centre at Bengaluru
(both LEED Platinum certified) continue to demonstrate
your Company s commitment to green buildings.
Virginia House, Kolkata and ITC Centre, Kolkata,
the headquarters of your Company, are also certified as
LEED Platinum rated Green Building by USGBC. These
green infrastructures are driving significant reductions
in energy consumption, operational emissions and
life-cycle impacts, while enhancing resilience and occupant
well-being across your Company.
Towards Water Security for All
With water scarcity emerging as a global and national
concern, your Company continues to prioritise integrated
water stewardship, combining efficiency, conservation
rainwater
harvesting,
alongside
responsible
catchment-level
engagement.
This
underpinned by measurable outcomes across agriculture,
watersheds
operations,
demand-side
coverage
rainwater
harvesting
capacity creation.
Demand-side management is a key pillar of your
Company s Water Stewardship programme, with a
focus on reducing agricultural water use while improving
farmer incomes through more crop per drop initiative.
Over 2.01 million acres were covered during the
year across 12 States through micro-irrigation and
crop-specific agronomic practices. Based on established
parameters, these interventions delivered potential water
savings of over 1,520 million kl across 15 crops, including
key agri value chains of wheat, pulpwood and spices,
with savings in the range of 15% to 50% versus
conventional practices. The shift to water-efficient
practices also supports lower GHG emissions relative to
conventional practices.
Alongside demand-side measures, your Company is
strengthening supply at the sub-catchment level through
rainwater harvesting, aquifer recharge and restoration
of traditional water bodies and wetlands, guided by
technical assessments. To drive durable outcomes in
water-stressed regions, interventions have been scaled to
the river sub-basin level. Till date, water positive status
has been achieved (against baseline water deficits) across
four sub-basins: Maharashtra (Ghod sub-basin), Madhya
Pradesh (Kolans sub-basin), Tamil Nadu (Upper Bhavani
sub-basin) and Telangana (Murreru sub-basin). In the
South Pennar river basin of Karnataka, field interventions
have commenced based on a study by the Indian Institute
of Science (IISc), Bengaluru, and are being implemented
through a Public Private Partnership with the Karnataka
Government and Vyakti Vikas Kendra to restore water
bodies in the sub-basin.
Given
rising
water
stress
urban
catchments,
your Company is implementing water security programmes
in Bengaluru and Chennai focused on restoring urban
water bodies, improving groundwater recharge and
promoting rainwater harvesting. These initiatives are
aimed at strengthening urban water resilience by
addressing groundwater depletion and reducing flood
risks during extreme rainfall.
Your Company tracks outcomes from its watershed
programmes to strengthen long-term water security.
As on 31st March 2026, integrated watershed projects
covering over 1.98 million acres have created a total
rainwater harvesting potential of about 66.31 million kl.
Cumulatively, over 67 million kl of rainwater has been
harvested (including within the fence), which is over
six times the net water consumed by operations in
FY 2025-26 - thereby achieving the 2030 Sustainability
2.0 target of creating rainwater harvesting potential
equivalent to over five times net water consumption.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Your
water
management at the catchment level through adoption of
the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Standard, a
globally recognised framework. As of 31st March 2026,
nine units are certified under AWS, all at Platinum level,
positioning your Company as the second largest holder of
AWS Platinum certifications globally.
Collectively, these initiatives strengthen water security
across key catchments, enhance operational resilience
and reinforce stakeholder confidence.
Enabling a Circular Economy
Your Company continues to strengthen circularity
across its operations through waste reduction, improved
segregation and higher recycling rates. During the year,
nearly 99% of operational waste was recycled, reducing
landfill dependency and associated impacts. In addition,
the Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business recycled
nearly 93,000 MT of externally sourced post-consumer
wastepaper, further advancing resource efficiency.
Your Company is optimising packaging to reduce
post-consumer environmental impact while safeguarding
integrity.
This
includes
design
efficiency, increasing recycled and renewable content,
transitioning to lower-impact materials where feasible, and
strengthening end-of-life solutions through responsible
recovery and recycling pathways.
Your Company continues to progress towards ensuring
that 100% of packaging is reusable, recyclable or
compostable / biodegradable. During the year, your
Company strengthened its 2030 sustainable packaging
commitments to sharpen its focus on material circularity,
reduce virgin resource consumption and improve
end-of-life outcomes for post-consumer plastic packaging.
The enhanced commitments move beyond design
for recyclability by increasing the use of recycled and
renewable materials across formats and progressively
reducing
dependence
virgin
plastics
optimisation
innovation.
They
reinforce
value-chain responsibility by scaling plastic waste
management initiatives and collaboration with local
authorities to improve recycling outcomes, source
segregation and decentralised waste management
systems, aligned with India s priorities on sustainable
waste management and resource efficiency.
Additionally, your Company has scaled multiple Solid
Waste Management (SWM) models across the country
that are designed to be replicable and sustainable,
anchored in circular economy principles and minimising
waste to landfill through source segregation. These models
have enabled your Company to sustain plastic neutral
status since FY 2021-22 and are implemented through
public-private partnerships involving Urban Local Bodies
(ULBs), civil society and the informal waste-collector
ecosystem, while also supporting livelihoods.
During the year, your Company remained plastic neutral
for the fifth consecutive year by sustainably managing
over 72,500 MT of plastic waste in line with its Extended
Producer Responsibility obligations under the Plastic
Waste Management Rules, 2016. Your Company has also
been obtaining independent third-party assurance of its
plastic neutrality status since FY 2022-23.
Your Company s waste recycling programme, WOW -
Well-Being Out of Waste , strengthens municipal waste
systems by improving source segregation and enabling
sustainable livelihoods for waste collectors. During the
year, WOW was implemented across key cities and
districts, collecting about 69,750 MT of dry waste from
over 2,055 wards. Since inception, the programme has
reached over 32.4 million citizens across 8.12 million
households, engaged eight million school children and
around 2,310 corporates. IT has supported sustainable
livelihoods for over 18,200 waste collectors through
collaboration with Municipal Corporations and enabled
over 150 social entrepreneurs to optimise value capture
from collected dry waste.
Your Company, in partnership with Kashtakari Panchayat
and SWaCH Pune, operates an inclusive decentralised
waste management model in Pune focused on the
collection and recycling of low-value multi-layered plastic
(MLP) packaging. The initiative covers 13 city wards and
the Pune Cantonment Board, enabling over 850 waste
pickers to collect MLP waste daily with direct payments.
IT processes around 130-150 MT of low-value flexible
plastics each month and has cumulatively recycled over
5,500 MT since 2019. The programme strengthens
livelihoods (which is ~12-15% of waste pickers income
from recyclables) and provides formal employment to
about 40 individuals, demonstrating a replicable model
that combines environmental outcomes with social equity.
Further,
Company s
community-driven
decentralised
SWM
closed-loop Green Temple initiative in collaboration
with Swachh Bharat Mission, is operational across
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

35 districts in 14 States, covering over 7,13,300 additional
households and taking cumulative reach to 8.23 million
households. During FY 2025-26, the programme collected
over 6,87,500 MT of waste, of which around 4,23,000 MT
of wet waste was composted and 1,65,000 MT of dry
waste recycled, enabling 86% of waste to be avoided
from landfill. Home composting adoption also expanded
by around 1,00,000 households during the year (9,33,800
households till date).
With liquid waste emerging as a growing challenge in
rural areas, your Company has initiated decentralised
treatment pilots across nine States, including solutions
such as soak pits, in-line treatment, waste stabilisation
ponds and vertical filters.
Your Company s partnership with the Uttar Pradesh
Urban Development Department (UDD) is enabling
implementation of SWM programmes in 85 ULBs across
75 districts, reaching over 5.3 million households to date.
In Bihar, in partnership with Lohiya Swachh Bihar Abhiyan
(LSBA), Rural Development Department, decentralised
SWM continues across 456 Ganga Gram villages in
12 districts; during the year, capacity-building support
enabled coverage of over 5,97,000 households through
Panchayat-led implementation.
Your Company has collaborated with the Department of
Drinking Water and Sanitation (DDWS), Government of
India, and the India Sanitation Coalition (ISC), FICCI, to
develop Lighthouse Gram Panchayats (GPs) and Blocks
as exemplars for replication in sanitation and waste
management. In Phase I, 36 Lighthouse GPs across
10 States were selected as part of the national initiative to
create 75 Lighthouse GPs, and all 36 have been declared
as Model GPs by the Government. In Phase II, the
programme has expanded to 19 blocks across 16 districts,
where 533 GPs will be developed as models over a
three-year period.
Your Company s SHG-led service delivery model for
Gram Panchayat SWM has been widely recognised as a
best practice, strengthening local service capability while
creating dignified livelihoods for women.
One of your Company s key initiatives focuses on
enhancing the health, social and economic well-being of
waste collectors and their families, while promoting dignity
and inclusion. The initiative has now been extended
to Government Public-Private Partnerships (PPPs)
programmes. During the year, the initiative reached and
supported over 15,000 waste collectors.
Your Company s YiPPee! Better World programme builds
awareness among students on responsible plastic waste
management and practices to reduce, recycle and reuse
plastic. During the year, the programme reached over
2.01 million children across 9,140 schools. A dedicated
digital platform was launched to reinforce learning
and provide age-appropriate resources on responsible
plastic practices.
Preserving and Nurturing Biodiversity
Recognising the dependence of its agri-based value
chains on healthy ecosystems, your Company treats
biodiversity conservation as integral to long-term business
sustainability. Accordingly, IT is committed to protecting,
conserving and enhancing biodiversity through operations
aligned to the Board-approved Policies on Biodiversity
Conservation and Deforestation.
Your Company has established processes to assess and
manage actual and potential biodiversity-related risks and
impacts across both greenfield and brownfield operations,
including regulatory environmental impact assessments
where required. Location-specific exposure, including
proximity to key biodiversity areas, is periodically evaluated
to identify nature-related risks and dependencies and
to inform site-level biodiversity management plans.
These assessments guide mitigation actions in priority
locations in line with the mitigation hierarchy of avoiding,
minimising and managing impacts. In addition, your
Company continues large-scale programmes to support
deforestation-free leaf tobacco and wood value chains.
Sustainable Supply Chain and Responsible Sourcing
Aligned to its Sustainability 2.0 Vision, your Company
is scaling sustainable supply chain and responsible
sourcing initiatives across its expanding business
portfolio. A Board-approved Policy on Sustainable
Supply Chain and Responsible Sourcing and a Code
of Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers provide
the governance framework for supplier engagement and
ESG risk management. Your Company works with supply
chain partners to build capability, assess sustainability
risks and strengthen resilience through resource-use
efficiency, sustainable natural resource management,
GHG
emission
reduction
management. A framework to identify critical suppliers
enables focused engagement and as of FY 2025-26,
more than 1,000 Tier-1 suppliers (including 100%
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

critical Tier-1 suppliers) have been trained on ESG, and
over 95% of critical Tier-1 suppliers have been
independently assessed. This structured engagement
supports a shift from compliance to continuous
improvement, strengthening responsible and resilient
supply chains over time.
For key agri value chains, your Company has implemented
large-scale sustainable and Climate Smart Agriculture
programmes. During the year, 3.19 million acres and
around 1.21 million farmers, including 2,27,000 women
farmers, have been covered under the CSA programme.
Third-party
impact
indicate
16% improvement in yields and 28% reduction
in cost of cultivation for programme farmers practising
wheat in Uttar Pradesh, compared to control farmers.
In Telangana, Direct Seeding of Rice (DSR) has delivered
cost reductions of appx. 20%, with strong adoption and
scale-up among participating farmers. Adoption remains
strong, with 82% of participating farmers continuing with
DSR and 72% increasing acreage under cultivation. Your
Company also supports recognised farm certifications
such as Rainforest Alliance (RFA), Forest Stewardship
Council (FSC ) and Global G.A.P. to help identify and
address environmental and human-rights risks.
Delivering on ITC s Nutrition Strategy - Help India
Eat Better
Against India s triple burden of malnutrition, improving
access to safe, sustainable and nutritious food is central
to enabling healthier lifestyles and long-term well-being.
Predominantly cereal-based diets in India provide over 56%
of energy from carbohydrates, while protein contributes
to appx. 12%, contributing to inadequate protein intake
for a large section of the population. In response, your
Company s Branded Packaged Foods Business has
adopted a four-pillar nutrition strategy, Help India Eat
Better , to expand access to value-added nutrition, enable
sustainable food systems, empower informed choices and
support healthier communities. Protein is a key priority
within this strategy, with products introduced across
categories to democratise access to affordable protein
through simple everyday formats (including Aashirvaad
High Protein Atta , Right Shift High Protein Oats++ ,
and Yoga Bar protein offerings). In addition, to address
hidden hunger , your Company launched products such
as Aashirvaad Iron Shakti Salt , which supports 25% of
daily iron needs and aligns with the Anaemia Mukt Bharat
initiative of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Aligned with national initiatives such as POSHAN
Abhiyaan, the UN SDGs, and India s vision of
Viksit Bharat @ 2047, your Company s nutrition strategy
is anchored in science-based nutrition targets that are
regularly monitored and disclosed. Your Company was
also ranked first in the ATNI India Index (2023) among
20 of the largest Indian food & beverage manufacturers as
assessed by the globally recognised Access to Nutrition
Initiative (ATNI). Your Company also received recognition
at the Economic Times Nutrition and Wellness Awards,
winning accolades for Best Gut Health Product of
the Year , Healthy Aging Initiative of the Year and
Health Awareness Campaign of the Year .
Over 20 Years of Promoting Thought Leadership in
Sustainability
To advance wider adoption of the Triple Bottom Line
philosophy across Indian industry, your Company
established the CII-ITC Centre of Excellence for
Sustainable Development (CESD) in 2006 in collaboration
with the CII. The Centre serves as a platform to catalyse
sustainable and inclusive growth through Government-
industry dialogue on regulations, stakeholder engagement
on global policy developments, and thought leadership on
macro-economic issues and the sustainability agenda.
Key highlights during the year include:
Building Climate Resilience and Low Carbon Economy
-
CII-ITC CESD supported Indian industry in addressing
climate change as a material business risk through
policy engagement, research and capacity building.
The Physical Climate Risk Assessment Framework
(PCRAF) was strengthened through pilot projects,
enabling companies to better identify and manage
physical climate risks across operations and value
chains.
-
The CII Climate Action Charter (CCAC) continued to
enable industry collaboration, supporting companies,
especially MSMEs, with GHG accounting, target
setting, decarbonisation pathways and access to
climate finance. The Centre also contributed to
national initiatives on climate finance and GHG
inventories, supporting India s transition to a
low-carbon, climate-resilient economy.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Advancing Creation of a Circular Economy
-
The Centre advanced circular economy adoption
through policy support, standards development and
industry-led initiatives. Engagement with the Ministry
of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, the
Central Pollution Control Board and the Bureau of
Indian Standards focused on strengthening Extended
Producer Responsibility (EPR) frameworks, waste
regulations and sustainability standards across
materials and sectors.
-
The CII India Plastics Pact strengthened industry
collaboration
recyclable
design,
reduced use of virgin plastics and increased uptake of
recycled content, supported by knowledge products,
recognition platforms and partnerships to scale
circular business models across large enterprises
and MSMEs.
Nature Positive Actions
-
Through the India Business and Biodiversity Initiative
(IBBI), the Centre strengthened industry engagement
on biodiversity conservation and nature-related
risk management. IBBI contributed to national
consultations on biodiversity targets and supported
businesses in integrating nature considerations into
decision-making and disclosures.
-
The Centre also provided guidance to companies
on aligning sustainability reporting with emerging
nature-related disclosure frameworks and assessing
ecological dependencies, risks and opportunities
across operations and supply chains.
Enhancing solutions for Clean Air
-
CII-ITC CESD provided leadership on air quality
improvement through platforms such as the India
CEO Forum for Clean Air and the Cleaner Air Better
Life initiative, advancing industry action on cleaner
production, efficient logistics, clean construction
practices and agricultural residue management.
-
The
Centre
scalable,
cross-sector
solutions to reduce emissions from industry, transport
and agriculture, while working with policymakers and
State-level institutions to strengthen implementation
capacity and financing for clean air initiatives.
Facilitating an Enabling Ecosystem for ESG Reporting
-
The Centre played a key role in strengthening
India s ESG reporting architecture by supporting
improvements
Business
Responsibility
Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) framework. Through
structured consultations and policy dialogue, inputs
provided by the Centre were reflected in regulatory
refinements aimed at improving disclosure quality
and ease of compliance.
-
In parallel, CESD supported companies in moving
beyond compliance by offering capacity-building
programmes and digital solutions to strengthen ESG
governance, data credibility and integration with
business strategy.
Knowledge Exchange and Excellence in Sustainability
-
The Centre continued to serve as a national platform
for sustainability dialogue and knowledge exchange.
Its
flagship
Sustainability
Summit
convened
policymakers, industry leaders and experts to
advance actionable solutions for sustainable growth.
-
Through
training
programmes,
and recognition initiatives, including the CII-ITC
Sustainability
Awards,
Centre
enabled
organisations to embed sustainability into business
decision-making, strengthen supply chains and build
long-term resilience.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
Your Company s commitment towards creating significant
and sustainable societal value is manifest in its CSR
programmes and projects which focuses on the economic
and social empowerment of the most disadvantaged
communities, especially in rural India. Guided by your
Company s comprehensive CSR Policy, the programmes
aimed at creating a significant positive impact on identified
stakeholders. All these programmes fall within the purview
of Section 135 read with Schedule VII of the Companies
Act, 2013 and the Companies (Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
The key tenets of your Company s CSR interventions
implemented as part of its Social Investments Programme are:
-
deep engagement through an ecosystem-based
approach in identified core operational geographies
to promote holistic development and address
critical social and environmental challenges of your
Company s stakeholder groups.
-
capabilities
Implementation
Partners / Community Based Organisations for
participatory planning, ownership and sustenance of
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

-
facilitating inclusive and equitable development by
empowering women, the poor and marginalised
communities including persons with disabilities,
in the vicinity of your Company s factories and
agri-catchments,
thereby
significantly
Human Development Indices.
-
ensuring behavioural change through demand
generation
interventions,
enabling
participation, co-creation, contribution and community
asset creation.
-
designing and implementing resilient programmes
with a clear focus on impacts and outcomes.
-
pursuing the Prototype-Pilot-Scale-Amplification /
Multiplication approach to drive innovative solutions
and structured scaling, while amplifying successful
interventions through partnerships with Government
and Collaboratives.
Your Company s stakeholders face multi-dimensional,
inter-related concerns, foremost among them being
securing
livelihoods.
Your
undertakes periodic stakeholder engagements in the form
of community need assessments, impact assessments and
other evaluations. These include Core Area Perspective
planning, typically undertaken once in five years. Further,
over 9,000 household surveys were also conducted during
the year. These insights guide the design of interventions
under your Company s Social Investments Programme
spanning 20+ states / Union Territories covering over
275 districts.
Your Company s Social Investments Programme follows
the Three Pathways approach focused on inclusive
growth, healthy habitats and holistic development
of households; with women and poor & vulnerable
communities at the core. Beyond being beneficiaries,
women play a critical role as influencers and active
participants in grassroot institutions, with many emerging
as change makers. This approach provides an integrated
affirmative
response,
transforming
lives
landscapes by strengthening and sustaining livelihoods
while building capabilities and capacities to empower
communities for a better future. The Three Pathways are:
-
Conserving Natural Resource Ecosystems and
Enhancing Resilience of Agriculture and Allied
Livelihoods
-
Nurturing Human Capabilities - Strengthening
Foundational Literacy and Livelihoods and Preparing
Communities for Future
-
Strengthening
Public
Community
Health
Ecosystems to create Healthier Habitats
During FY 2025-26, your Company s CSR initiatives
received several recognitions, including:
-
FICCI Healthcare Excellence Award 2025 under
Excellence in Community Engagement for the Sachal
Netra Seva Programme delivering affordable eye
care in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh.
-
Winner at the 21st Edition of the FICCI CSR Awards
2025, in Women Empowerment category, for the
Targeting Hardcore Poverty (THP) Programme.
Natural Resources Management - Water Stewardship
Programme
The Water Stewardship programme aims to facilitate
water security for dependents in factory catchments and
drought-proof agri-catchments, minimising risks from
drought and moisture stress. Aligned with Government
of India s Jal Shakti Abhiyan, IT promotes community-led
development and management of local water resources
in moisture-stressed areas. This includes creation, revival
and maintenance of water-harvesting structures, while
conserving the wetland ecosystems. Two urban water
programmes are also being implemented in Bengaluru
and Chennai to address city-specific challenges through
rejuvenation of urban water bodies, targeted recharge
of shallow aquifers, and promotion of practices like roof
water harvesting.
To address the magnitude of water stress, your Company
also has river sub-basin level interventions, enabling
more holistic and sustainable outcomes by addressing
competing water demands. Interventions in four river
sub-basins till date in Maharashtra (Ghod), Madhya
Pradesh (Kolans), Tamil Nadu (Upper Bhavani) and
Telangana (Murreru) have enabled water positive status,
as against baseline deficits. Work has commenced in a
fifth sub-basin, South Pennar in Karnataka, based on the
recommendations from the Indian Institute of Science (IISc).
The programme currently spans 72 districts of 17 states.
During the year, the area under watershed increased
by over 1.69 lakh acres (cumulative 19.85 lakh acres).
Over
2,640
(cumulative
38,540)
water-harvesting
structures including ground water recharge structures were
built during the year, creating 6.60 million kl (cumulative
66.31 million kl) of rainwater harvesting potential.
In addition, under demand management, your Company
works with farmers to achieve more crop per drop
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

by promoting relevant agronomic practices and micro
irrigation, improving water efficiency and farmer incomes.
During the year, over 20.10 lakh acres across more than
15 crops in 12 states have been covered.
Studies conducted by ICAR s Agricultural Technology
Application Research Institute, Kanpur, Indian Institute
of Rice Research, Hyderabad, Tamil Nadu Agricultural
University and Vasantdada Sugar Institute assessed
water savings in rice, wheat, sugarcane, coconut and
banana. Based on these and other research, demand
management initiatives are estimated to have resulted
in potential water savings of over 1,520 million kl during
the year. To further enhance water-use efficiency,
prototypes and pilots are being tested for technologies
such as organic hydrogel, mobile drip systems and smart
irrigation switches.
Additionally, your Company is continuing three existing
partnerships with multiple state government departments
for Water Stewardship. These include
-
Water
Resource
Department,
Government
Maharashtra for Godavari, Krishna and Tapi river
sub-basins flowing in Maharashtra to promote Water
Literacy among the Water User Associations in
60 irrigation projects across 20 districts in these
sub-basins which will improve water resources.
-
Department of Rural Development & Panchayat Raj
(RDPR), Government of Karnataka and Vyakti Vikas
Kendra India, for Water Resources Development in
South Pennar river sub-basin across 12 Taluks and
238. Gram Panchayats in Bengaluru Urban, Bengaluru
Rural, Kolar & Chikkaballapur districts.
-
Watershed Development and Soil Conservation
Department, Government of Rajasthan, to promote
sustainable livelihoods based on a watershed
development project in 22 Gram Panchayats of
Bundi and Jhalawar districts covering an area of
44,000 acres.
Natural Resources Management - Biodiversity
The programme focuses on reviving ecosystem services
critical to agriculture - such as natural pest regulation,
pollination, nutrient cycling, soil health and genetic diversity
- which have declined in recent decades. IT is also aligned
with Government of India s flagship initiatives, including
National Mission for Sustainable Habitat and Mangrove
Initiative for Shoreline Habitats & Tangible Incomes
(MISHTI). Biodiversity conservation is undertaken through
restoration of degraded village commons and native
species tree plantation. During the year, your Company s
initiative covered over 1.63 lakh acres across 40 districts
in 10 states (cumulative 8.10 lakh acres). While being
implemented in village commons, these interventions
also enhance surrounding agricultural systems through
improved soil moisture, carbon sequestration and support
to beneficial biodiversity by acting as host to insects and
birds beneficial to agriculture. Technical studies done
earlier by The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) &
IORA Ecological Solutions have recorded improvement in
carbon stocks, i.e., carbon sequestered by trees, as well as
floral and faunal biodiversity compared to control areas.
The following Public-Private Partnerships (PPP) were
implemented during the year:
-
Your Company partnered with Rural Development
Department, Government of Andhra Pradesh, to conserve
village commons, expand pastureland development
and improve livelihoods of communities dependent on
these shared resources across nine districts. Till date,
1.19 lakh acres have been covered under commons
restoration through erstwhile MGNREGA.
-
Following the completion of Phase I across eight
districts, Phase II MoU was signed during the year
with the Rural Development and Panchayati Raj
Department, Government of Rajasthan, expanding
coverage to 14 districts, including the earlier eight.
The Phase II partnership adopts a consolidated
approach targeting 3.70 lakh acres. During the year,
commons restoration was undertaken through soil
moisture conservation works across 34,000 acres
and 1,350 Charagah Vikas Samitis were formed for
protection of these commons.
-
In the final year of the partnership with the Forest
Department of Maharashtra, efforts were focused on
completing soil and moisture conservation in the forest
and fringe areas of Pune district through capacity
building of departmental staff. The training conducted
by your Company enabled the Forest Department to
undertake soil and moisture conservation works and
tree plantation covering over 1,985 acres during the
year (cumulative 12,985 acres).
Additional initiatives include Miyawaki plantations across
67 acres in 99 villages spanning five states, with emphasis
on native species. Mangroves conservation efforts,
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

initiated in Andhra Pradesh, expanded by 400 acres during
the year (cumulative 1,900 acres). Alongside mangroves
conservation, Olive Ridley turtle conservation was
undertaken through protected hatcheries, enabling 8,066
hatchlings to be released into the sea during the year.
Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA)
The CSA programme de-risks farmers from erratic
weather events through promotion and adoption of a
climate resilient approach, premised on dissemination of
relevant package of practices, appropriate mechanisation
and provision of institutional services. The programme
is also aligned with Government of India s flagship
initiative of The National Innovations in Climate Resilient
Agriculture (NICRA) and other schemes for the welfare
of farmers including Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi
(PM-KISAN) Yojana.
Currently, the programme covers over 31.93 lakh
acres across 113 districts in 17 states and 12.09 lakh
farmers, including 2.27 lakh women farmers. As per the
studies by ICAR - Agricultural Technology Application
Research Institute, Kanpur, the CSA practices promoted
in rice (Direct Seeded Rice) and wheat (Zero Tillage)
have demonstrated reduction of costs by over 20%,
improvement in yields by around 10% and increase in
net returns by over 23% as compared to conventional
practices. In pursuit of increasing Soil Organic
Carbon (SOC), more than 5,210 compost units were
constructed during the year (cumulative 72,510 units).
During the year, knowledge was disseminated through
13,500 Farmer Field Schools and over 13,300 Choupal
Pradarshan Khets (CPKs). 2,150 Agri Business Centres
(ABC) including 468 exclusive women ABCs, delivered
extension services, arranged agri-credit linkages,
established collective input procurement and provided
agricultural equipment for hire. Details of Climate Smart
Agriculture interventions are also provided in the section
on Socio-Economic Environment .
Alongside large-scale CSA adoption, the Climate Smart
Village (CSV) programme supports entire communities
in adapting to climate risks and mitigating the same
through knowledge dissemination, natural resources
management, livelihood diversification and institutional
support. 7,055 CSVs covering major crop value chains
are currently part of the programme. To further support
farmers, 28.31 lakh linkages under six major Government
schemes were facilitated during the year, raising the
cumulative number to over 70 lakhs.
The Makhana Development Programme operates in
214 villages across six districts of Bihar, covering
7,100 farmers and 23,150 acres. IT promotes high-yield
varieties such as Sabour Makhana-1 and Swarna Vaidehi,
alongside Integrated Plant Nutrient Management (IPNM)
practices. Additionally, 1,700 farmers have been linked to
Makhana Vikas Yojana, PM Kisan Saman Nidhi Yojana
and other relevant schemes.
Your
partnerships
Rajiv Gandhi Mission for Watershed Management
covering 35 districts of Madhya Pradesh for Climate Smart
Watersheds, and the Farmer Welfare and Agriculture
Development, Department of Madhya Pradesh covering
six districts. During the year, training and handholding
ground-level
facilitation
implementation of the four components of the Climate
Smart Village in 8,200 villages.
Leveraging your Company s multi-commodity presence,
ITCMAARS and agri-extension networks, your Company
supported the formation of new FPOs and strengthened
existing FPOs, engaging with 2,184 FPOs, including
31 women exclusive FPOs, enhancing farm incomes and
rural livelihoods.
The Adarsh Gram Programme pioneered by your
Company s Agri Business presently covers 513 villages
in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Under this initiative,
villages
become
economically,
ecologically and socially sustainable. Your Company
is also addressing the human rights and farm safety
challenges in these villages by educating the farmers,
labour & communities while providing access to Personal
Protective Equipment (PPE) kits and promoting smart
technologies such as drones for agro-chemical spraying
in the farms.
Off-farm Livelihood Diversification - Livestock
Development
The programme aims to improve income and de-risk
rural livelihoods by strengthening animal dependant
livelihood options. Key components include capability
building through improved package of practices, breed
improvement, provision of extension services and creation
of rural entrepreneurs to provide doorstep services. IT is
aligned with the Government of India s National Livestock
Mission (NLM) and covers large ruminants (cow & buffalo),
small ruminants (goat & sheep), piggery, fishery, poultry
and apiary across 16 states and 50 districts.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 101

During the year, about 1.33 lakh artificial inseminations
(AIs) were carried out, leading to about 0.45 lakh
high yielding progeny, including indigenous breeds.
Cumulatively, AIs and calving stand at over 32.23 lakhs
and 11.35 lakhs for large ruminants. The programme also
supported 2,900 women trained as Pashu Sakhis to
provide extension services to livestock owners.
Your Company is also offering dairy farmers extension
services by qualified teams of veterinarians and
para-veterinarians supporting animal nutrition, health
services, and capacity building for improved productivity
and clean milk production. During the year, about
70,000 animals of over 33,300 dairy farmers across
560 villages in nine districts of Bihar, five districts of
West Bengal and two districts in Jharkhand were
supported through cattle feed distribution, mastitis control
and animal husbandry services such as deworming,
ectoparasite control, etc.
On-farm Livelihood Diversification - Tree plantations
Your Company s Social Forestry programme covered
44,000 acres during the year and is aligned to the
Government of India s National Afforestation Programme.
IT currently spans 19 districts in six states, cumulatively
covering 5.72 lakh acres across over 7,750 villages and
1.98 lakh poor households. Integral to the programme
are the Agro-Forestry and Bund plantation models that
enable small and marginal farmers to cultivate field crops
and trees together in the same field and realise benefits of
both annual income from crops and lumpsum income from
trees once in four years. These models have cumulatively
covered over 2.74 lakh acres (part of total Social Forestry
area), ensuring food, fodder and wood security. To create
an additional income source and improve resilience
towards climate change, fruit & other commercial species
tree plantations have also been promoted, covering
over 64,860 acres to date.
Together with your Company s Farm Forestry programme,
this initiative has covered around 14.83 lakh acres till
date and generated over 270 million-person days of
livelihood for rural households, including women, poor
tribal and marginal farmers. Fast growing, high yielding
and disease resistant hybrid plantation clones developed
by your Company deliver significantly higher productivity
and are suited to diverse ecological conditions, enhancing
resilience and farmer incomes. In addition to creating
employment, increasing incomes and expanding green
cover, these large-scale initiatives contribute to the creation
of additional carbon sinks for tackling climate change.
Women Empowerment
During the year, this initiative provided gainful livelihood
opportunities to around 3.47 lakh poor women (cumulative
6 lakhs), through livelihood interventions for Self Help
Groups (SHGs), women in agriculture and allied services,
community service cadres, and ultra-poor women. IT is
aligned to National Rural Livelihoods Mission s objective
of enabling Lakhpati Didis.
The Targeting Hardcore Poor programme empowers
ultra-poor women primarily in rural catchments, through
mentoring,
enterprise
skilling
asset
under a two-year graduation approach. To date, over
45,520 women have been covered in your Company s
core
catchments
spread
districts
eight states. Studies indicate income increase of more
than five-fold, along with significant improvements in
Human Development Indicators. A partnership was signed
in March 2026, with T/Nudge (An institute focused on
building resilient livelihoods and alleviating poverty) and
State Rural Livelihood Mission (SRLM) of Assam to enable
economic inclusion of 10,000 women in 10 Blocks across
six districts.
As an amplification strategy, the financial literacy and
inclusion programme, in partnership with Madhya Pradesh
State Rural Livelihood Mission (MPSRLM) and CRISIL
Foundation, continued in its second phase covering
all 52 districts of Madhya Pradesh. During the year, IT
reached 33,240 new SHGs with 3.48 lakh members.
The programme has since expanded to other states and
has till date covered over 4.23 lakh SHGs benefiting
41.97 lakh women across 80 districts in 15 states.
2.91 lakh scheme linkages were facilitated during the
year (cumulative 33.91 lakhs) which included access to
bank accounts and Government social security schemes,
enabled through a self-sustaining cadre of Yojana Sakhis.
Yojana Sakhis are part of a cadre of 6,583 women being
nurtured to provide services to the community, which also
includes Krishi, Pashu and Swaasth Sakhis.
In addition, 1,227 women from low and middle-income
backgrounds in peri-urban catchments are undergoing
two-year
entrepreneurship
journey
following
laddered approach - Akankshi, Lakhpati, Udhyami
(annual income of ` 1.5 to ` 2.0 lakhs) and Pragatisheel
(annual income of more than ` 2 lakhs). They are supported
with entrepreneurship development training, mentorship
and market linkages, including online platforms, to
start and scale enterprises. To date, 700+ women have
attained the Lakhpati status, with 165 progressing to
Udhyami and 127 to Pragatisheel levels.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Education
The Primary Education programme, aligned with National
Education Policy 2020, focuses on improving access, on
learning outcomes and retention for children from weaker
sections. During the year, IT was operational in 60 districts
of 15 states, covering around 4.39 lakh new children
and continuing engagement with 10.94 lakh children.
In addition, 125 Supplementary Learning Centres
(SLCs) continued operations, mainstreaming more than
4,030 out-of-school children into formal education
(cumulative 20,830).
Recognising the importance of Early Childhood Care
and Education (ECCE) as per National Education Policy
2020, building capabilities of Anganwadi Sevikas on
ECCE remained a key focus. Your Company partnered
with Women Development and Child Welfare Department
in Andhra Pradesh to strengthen capacities of over
55,600 Anganwadi Sevikas across all the 26 districts.
Through a cascade approach, the Sevikas reached
2.79 lakh new children and continued engagement with
7.96 lakh children during the year. A similar partnership
in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, covered 30,000 children
aligned to Poshan Bhi, Padhai Bhi initiative of the
Government. The second phase of the PPP was signed
with Directorate of Women & Child Development,
Government of Assam for 11 districts (extended from
eight districts in Phase 1) integrating nutrition and early
stimulation with ECCE.
535. Government Primary Schools and Anganwadis were
provided child friendly, climate-resilient infrastructure
support comprising boundary walls, additional classrooms
including operationalising smart classrooms, aerators,
cool roof paint, solarisation, sanitation units and
furniture, taking the cumulative coverage to 4,100. These
interventions have contributed to improved enrolment,
particularly among girls. For sustenance and maintenance
of infrastructure provided, 1,305 School Management
Committees and 1,327 Child Cabinets & Water and
Sanitation (WATSAN) Committees were operational with
active involvement of students, parents and teachers.
To address school dropouts and strengthen career
intentionality, especially among girls in secondary and
senior secondary level, a pilot intervention continued in
Pudukkottai, Munger and Kolkata covering 4,740 girls and
women. The programme focuses on career mentoring,
21st-century skills and mainstreaming through the National
Open Schooling System. Of total 286 girls who appeared
for 10th standard examination in Munger, 119 girls
(including 55 married) were successful in their 1st attempt.
Your Company s Bounce of Joy programme promotes
holistic development through physical fitness and
sports by training Physical Education teachers. Through
these teachers, the programme covered over two lakh
beneficiaries across 250 schools in three states.
Skilling & Vocational Training
This programme, aligned to Pradhan Mantri Kaushal
Vikas Yojana, provides market-linked skills training to
marginalised youth, including the differently abled, to enable
sustainable livelihoods. 17,600 youth across 33 districts
in 16 states were trained, under different courses during
the year, of which 49% were female, taking the cumulative
to 1.45 lakh youth. To scale up, your Company has also
initiated two pilots as potential tracks - community-based
skilling (3,850 trained during the year) and ecosystem
approach through partnerships with institutions such as
ITIs and degree colleges (7,900 youth).
The programme for skilling differently abled youth was
operational across eight centres in five states and has
shown strong progress since its inception three years
back. During the year, around 1,300 youth (cumulatively
over 2,370) were trained and 863 have already been
placed (cumulatively 1,460). Your Company s Sixth Sense
programme, focused on the lives of visually challenged,
covered 210 such individuals across five cities.
Sanitation
Your Company adopts a multi-pronged approach towards
improving public health and hygiene across 35 districts
and 14 states, focusing on ensuring sustenance of Open
Defecation Free (ODF) habitations and progressing to the
next level through improved hygiene, sanitation and waste
management practices, aligned with Swachh Bharat
Mission 2.0.
The Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) programme in
schools includes construction of separate sanitation units
for girls and boys and handwashing units with aerator taps
to conserve water, alongside behaviour change initiatives
reaching 1.06 lakh school students through 4,200 WASH
campaigns.
The Swasth India Mission continues to drive behavioural
change in hand hygiene through experiential training in
primary schools, guided by the belief of Swasth Bacche,
Mazboot Desh and supporting the country s efforts to reduce
preventable infections. During the year, the programme
covered 25,000 schools, reaching about 37.47 lakh children
through interactive and innovative awareness sessions.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 103

Waste Management
Your Company s initiatives focus on creating replicable,
scalable and sustainable models of municipal and rural
waste management that can be implemented across the
country to ensure that minimal waste goes to landfills.
Details of these models are provided in the section
on Building a Circular Economy for Post-Consumer
Packaging .
Health & Nutrition
Your Company is adopting a holistic approach towards
Community Healthcare, focusing on preventive healthcare
and curative services. Community healthcare addresses
the challenges of awareness, availability, accessibility
and affordability and aims to improve health and nutrition
by strengthening institutional capacity, supplementing
existing infrastructure, promoting greater convergence
with existing Government schemes like National Health
Mission, leveraging technology and enhancing access to
primary and secondary healthcare services.
Under the Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition
(MCHN) programme, aligned with POSHAN Abhiyan,
a two-pronged approach was adopted:
-
Focus on the first 1,000 days of life in high malnutrition
catchments covering mothers and children
-
Addressing anaemia at scale through screening under
Anaemia Mukt Bharat (AMB), Rashtriya Bal Suraksha
Karyakram (RBSK) followed by loop closure through
awareness creation and linkages with Government
schemes.
Capacity building of frontline resources, including
Anganwadi Sevikas, Accredited Social Health Activist
(ASHAs) and Auxiliary Nurse Midwife (ANMs) is integral
to the intervention, with 70,000 of them trained on
community engagement, importance of seven critical
home visits during the first 1,000 days and promotion of
localised nutrition.
A 4E approach - Explore (identify hotspots), Educate
(awareness on nutrition and hygiene), Encourage
(nutrition gardens and 5 Food Groups consumption),
and Empower (capacity building of ASHA and Anganwadi
Sevikas) - was adopted to address the challenges of
anaemia. Over 1.62 lakh women and children were
screened for anaemia during the year in partnership
with Government (cumulative 3.62 lakhs) for baselining
and identifying priority geographies for corrective action.
Re-testing of 19,546 community members post completion
of the closed loop intervention revealed over 70%
experienced improvement, with 38% moving to improved
categories - severe to moderate, moderate to mild, or mild
to normal.
Around 17 lakh community members, primarily women,
adolescent girls and children spread across 36 districts
in 11 states were covered during the year under
Company s
MCHN
Swasthya
Choupal
initiatives aimed at improving their health-nutrition
status.
This
included
partnership
Directorate of Women and Child Development, Assam
(11 districts, including seven aspirational districts) and the
Child Development Services and Nutrition Department
Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh.
Project Samposhan reached out to 1.5 lakh women and
adolescents across four districts in two states to educate,
engage, and empower them on anaemia, dietary diversity
and importance of a balanced diet with iron-rich foods.
Under the Smart India intervention, over 25 lakh people
were reached to raise awareness on iodine deficiency
disorders and healthy eating.
As part of the community healthcare programme, under
the ITC Swaasth Kiran initiative, 17 Mobile Medical
Units (MMUs) (seven in Saharanpur, six in Munger &
four in Kamrup) provided free medical consultation and
medicines to the rural community at their doorstep.
During the year, over 2.74 lakh individual engagements
were conducted across 830 villages, (58% women),
along with 64,700 diagnostic tests and 910 referrals.
Recognising the need for high-quality doorstep eye care,
your Company continued its innovative layered eyecare
intervention - Sachal Nethra Seva in rural areas of
Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, as a part of which four Mobile
Vision Units (MVUs) were operational in services. These
MVUs equipped with high-end ophthalmic equipment
can screen and diagnose eye ailments such as Cataract,
Diabetic Retinopathy, Glaucoma and other conditions.
During the year, over two lakh community members were
engaged, of which 16,279 cases were referred to the
MVUs, and thereafter, 1,429 surgeries done at Dr. Shroff s
Charity Eye Hospital in Saharanpur, the programme
partner. The two-year Certified Ophthalmic Paramedic
(COP) Programme offered at Dr. Shroff s Charitable
Eye
Hospital,
Saharanpur,
marginalised girls who have passed 12th standard. Of the
199 girls enrolled, 78 have successfully completed the
course to date, including 34 during the year.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

With the involvement of the Rogi Kalyan Samitis,
20. Primary Health Centres (PHCs) were upgraded based
on Indian Public Health Standards, taking the cumulative
to 57 across five states, contributing to increased patient
footfall and institutional deliveries. Under the TB Mukt
Bharat Abhiyan, nutrition support in the form of prescribed
food and nutrition kits was extended for a sustained
period of six months to 2,000 patients in Saharanpur
and Haridwar, taking the cumulative to 5,000. To provide
safe drinking water available in Andhra Pradesh and
Karnataka, 23 Reverse Osmosis (RO) water purification
plants were set up in villages where the water quality
was poor, taking the total to 228 plants, benefiting over
2.5 lakh rural people.
ITC Sangeet Research Academy
The ITC Sangeet Research Academy (ITC SRA),
established in 1977, is an embodiment of your Company s
sustained commitment to a priceless national heritage.
Your Company s commitment to ensuring enduring
excellence in Classical music education continues to
drive ITC SRA in furthering its objective of preserving
and propagating Hindustani Classical Music based on the
age-old principle of Guru Shishya Parampara . The focus
continues to be on nurturing exceptionally gifted students
selected from across the country through a system of
multi-level auditions. Through its eminent Gurus, IT imparts
intensive training and quality education in Hindustani
Classical music to its 45 scholars that includes 20 girls
and two differently abled students, identified after multiple
rigorous auditions. The present Gurus of the Academy
are Padma Bhushan Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty, Padma Shri
Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar, Pandit Partha Chatterjee,
Vidushi
Subhra
Guha,
Pandit
Uday
Bhawalkar,
Shri
Omkar
Dadarkar,
Shri
Abir
Hossain
Shri Brajeswar Mukherjee.
Several scholars of the Academy have performed at
various music festivals and have also been recipients
of prestigious awards and accolades. The Academy
presented
scholars
young
musicians
38. ITC Mini Sangeet Sammelans, concerts and
Baithaks in locations such as Jabalpur, Hubli, Dharwad,
Sirsi, Lucknow, Jodhpur, Dehradun, Goa, Pune and
Bengaluru to fulfil its avowed objective of preserving
and propagating Hindustani Classical Music.
Forging Multi-Stakeholder Partnerships
Your Company s Social Investments Programme lays
continuous emphasis on building partnerships of value to
drive innovation, access contemporary knowledge, and
effectively amplify & implement programmes. Over the years,
your Company has established Knowledge Partnerships
with several national & international organisations/
agencies to leverage latest knowledge / technical
know-how to continuously enhance programme quality.
Public-Private Partnerships (PPPs) are leveraged to amplify
successful interventions into geographies beyond core
catchment areas, with three such PPPs signed during the
year. Further, your Company also engages with reputed
coalitions and collaboratives to enable systemic change and
synergise resources for broader societal and environmental
good. The meaningful contribution made by your Company s
Social Investments Programme towards addressing some of
the country s key development challenges has been made
possible, to a significant extent, through partnerships
with implementation agencies, several of which have
sustained for over 15 years. These partnerships combine
your Company s management capabilities with the domain
expertise and mobilisation strengths of these partners to
deliver innovative, scalable grassroots solutions.
CSR Expenditure
The annual report on Corporate Social Responsibility
activities, as required under Sections 134 and 135 of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014
and Rule 9 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is
provided in the Annexure forming part of this Report.
Environment, Health & Safety
Your Company s Environment, Health & Safety (EHS)
Strategy
enabling
environmentally
responsible and safe operations across its units, as
integral to long-term value creation and risk management,
through efficient use of natural resources and a safe and
healthy workplace. Your Company continues to strengthen
its EHS governance framework and drive continuous
improvement in environmental performance.
Your Company believes that a safe and healthy work
environment is a prerequisite for employee well-being, and that
strong occupational health & safety practices support business
resilience and performance. With the objective of further
embedding safety across the organisation and progressing
towards the aspiration of Zero Accident , your Company
has adopted a comprehensive EHS strategy founded on
two pillars: Safety by Design and Safety by Culture .
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 105

Safety
Your Company has sustained its focus on Safety by
Design by strengthening safety performance and
embedding best-in-class engineering standards across
investments in the built environment. Designs for all new
greenfield and brownfield projects are reviewed to ensure
alignment with applicable safety standards and codes.
In addition, periodic EHS audits are undertaken across
operational units to provide assurance on adherence to
relevant requirements.
To embed a culture of safety, your Company continued
strengthen
capability
building
workforce
engagement through structured training programmes
and targeted communication (including using interactive
podcasts, short video modules, etc.) on critical safety
topics, complemented by discussions with workers on
safe and unsafe acts. These initiatives, supported by
keystone behaviours, reinforce individual ownership and
safe practices. Your Company also leveraged design
thinking and digital platforms to strengthen operational
assurance, risk management and leadership visibility
through improved decision-making. During the year, your
Company conducted an organisation-wide EHS Summit
to drive strategic alignment and share best practices,
supported by a reward and recognition framework, thereby
fostering a stronger EHS community and enabling positive
behavioural change across the organisation.
National awards and certifications received by various
units provide external validation of your Company s
EHS systems and culture and reaffirm its commitment to
providing a safe and healthy workplace for all.
R&D, QUALITY AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
Your Company s state-of-the-art Life Sciences and
Technology Centre (LSTC) in Bengaluru continues to
anchor its science-led innovation agenda, driving the
development of differentiated products and strengthening
a portfolio of world-class brands. Over the years, LSTC
has emerged as a robust innovation engine that is a
key enabler of the ITC Next growth strategy. Backed
by world-class infrastructure and a diverse pool of over
400 highly qualified scientists, LSTC is at the forefront of
advancing multiple initiatives aimed at delivering sustained
competitive advantage and meaningful differentiation
across your Company s product and brand portfolio.
Driving purposeful innovations that delights the Indian
consumer through superior offerings remains the key
objective of LSTC. Centres of Excellence across domains
viz. Biosciences, Agri-sciences & Materials sciences have
enabled building capabilities to cater to the constantly
evolving consumer needs. Focused research across
identified domains viz. Health & Wellness, Formulation
Design, Sustainable Materials & Packaging, Agro-forestry
and Crop Science has enabled the teams to harness
contemporary advances in relevant core areas to translate
proofs of concept to novel product opportunities. While
building the intellectual assets for your Company, LSTC
has filed over 900 patent applications till date. Robust risk
management practices are in place to ensure that your
Company s intellectual properties remain adequately
protected and to ensure mitigation of information and
infrastructure risk.
Research programmes and projects are closely aligned with
the various Businesses of your Company, thereby enabling
a robust innovation pipeline. In addition, your Company
continues to embed a culture of continuous improvement
in quality and competitiveness through ongoing innovation
across materials, processes and systems.
Your Company has been a frontrunner in introducing
first-to-market consumer-relevant innovative products.
Amidst heightened geopolitical uncertainty, inflationary
pressures and an evolving regulatory landscape,
LSTC and product development teams are enabling
the Businesses to enhance value proposition, improve
affordability and accelerate sustainability-led innovation.
Novel technologies are being judiciously leveraged to
create healthier foods through systematic reduction in salt,
sugar and fat without compromising on sensory attributes.
Amidst increasing stringency in the regulatory landscape,
key
areas
include
better-for-you
Health & Hygiene solutions and sustainable packaging,
to enhance long-term competitiveness and sustainable
growth of consumer facing businesses.
LSTC, in collaboration with the Agri and Branded
Packaged Foods Businesses, endeavours to ensure that
science-based ideas are fully integrated across the value
chain from farm to fork, to enhance resilience and quality
assurance. In Agro-Forestry and Crop Science, LSTC s
scientists have established capabilities for improving
grain, wood & pulp quality and yield, to secure critical raw
materials for your Company. Ongoing research has major
emphasis on developing climate resilient crops and pulp
wood species, to mitigate biotic and abiotic risks. Advanced
varieties of wheat and potato are now being planned
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

to be grown closer to the factories to optimise supply
chain costs, in addition to reducing the carbon footprint.
Future-ready, alternate value chains that mitigate risks
arising out of disruptions to existing sourcing models
continue to be explored.
Research infrastructure and capabilities are continuously
upgraded in line with the global developments to build
future-ready innovation platforms. Expanding capabilities
include spreading the acreage of new tree clones with
superior properties, developing modern instrumentation
for testing very low levels of actives or contaminants,
measuring barrier properties (air and water permeability) of
coated paper substrate, etc. These investments enhance
your Company s ability to accelerate development,
improve quality assurance, enable sustainable materials
innovation, and strengthen agri-science capabilities.
Rigorous systems, processes and industry best practices
are continuously upgraded to secure quality certifications
of the highest levels - a key enabler in delivering products
that follow the highest standards in quality, safety and
efficacy to the Indian consumer. All branded packaged
foods manufacturing units of your Company not only
have ISO quality certification but also follow the highest
standards under the integrated food quality management
system-FSSC 22000; these systems ensure adherence
to internationally accepted quality standards in producing
safe and high-quality food. All manufacturing units of the
Branded Packaged Foods Businesses (including contract
manufacturing units) operate in compliance with stringent
food safety and quality standards. Your Company s food
quality assurance laboratories are accredited by the
National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration
Laboratories (NABL) under ISO 17025, a global standard
for testing and calibrating labs, which guarantees
quality. Additionally, the quality of all FMCG products
of your Company is monitored through best-in-class
customer-centric Quality Control and Quality Assurance
Processes and Product Quality Ratings Systems (PQRS)
enhancing competitive superiority of your Company s
product offerings.
In its quest to continuously enhance efficiency and
be future-ready, LSTC is developing and deploying
cutting-edge digital tools for quality performance analytics,
benchmarking and strengthening quality management
systems. Going forward, your Company will continue to
identify growth opportunities leveraging its diverse core
competencies and translating consumer insights and
emerging science & technology into scalable innovations.
PROCEEDINGS INITIATED BY THE ENFORCEMENT
DIRECTORATE
In the proceedings initiated by the Enforcement Directorate
in 1997, the appropriate authority after hearing arguments
on behalf of your Company has passed several orders
in favour of your Company and dropped some of the
show cause notices issued by the Directorate. In respect
of some of the remaining notices, your Company filed
writ petitions challenging their validity. The Honourable
Calcutta High Court heard some of these writ petitions
to completion, and the proceedings in respect of these
notices were quashed. The remaining writ petitions and
notices are pending adjudication / hearing.
Meanwhile, some of the prosecutions launched by the
Enforcement Directorate have been quashed by the
Honourable Calcutta High Court; while the remaining have
been challenged before the High Court and are pending.
TREASURY OPERATIONS
Your Company s treasury operations continued to focus
on deployment of surplus liquidity and management of
foreign exchange exposures within a well-defined risk
management framework.
During the year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)
cumulatively reduced the policy rate by 100 basis points to
5.25% to support growth amid benign inflation conditions.
The RBI also undertook several liquidity support measures,
including a phased reduction of 100 basis points in the
Cash Reserve Ratio. These measures contributed to a
decline in the market interest rates in the early part of the
year. As the year progressed, interest rates experienced
bouts of volatility due to global trade uncertainties,
geopolitical tensions and the RBI s periodic actions in the
foreign exchange market, which reduced liquidity in
Indian Rupee (INR). This impact was partly offset by
the RBI through open market operations. Towards the
latter part of the year, market sentiment weakened due
to higher-than-expected government borrowing, muted
demand from investors and an escalation of the West Asia
conflict, which pushed interest rates higher.
In the currency market, INR witnessed a sharp
depreciation against the US Dollar (US$) during the
year. The weakness was primarily driven by strength in
the US$ amid a relatively high-interest rate environment,
significant foreign portfolio investor outflows from the
Indian equity market, tariff-related uncertainty and periods
of heightened global risk aversion. The escalation of the
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 107

West Asia conflict led to a sharp rise in crude oil prices,
resulting in an unfavourable Balance of Payments outlook
and putting further pressure on the currency. The RBI
intervened selectively to contain excessive volatility and
maintain orderly market conditions rather than defending
a specific exchange rate level. Despite these external
pressures, India s external sector remained supported
by comfortable foreign exchange reserves and sound
macroeconomic conditions.
Investment decisions relating to deployment of surplus
liquidity were guided by the tenets of Safety, Liquidity
and Return. Treasury operations focused on proactive
rebalancing of portfolio duration and mix, in line with the
evolving interest rate environment. Further, ongoing review
and monitoring of creditworthiness, including engagement
with market participants, ensured that the investment
portfolio was not exposed to undue credit risk.
As in earlier years, commensurate with the size of the
temporary surplus liquidity under management, treasury
operations continue to be supported by appropriate
internal control systems, along with an independent check
covering 100% of transactions by your Company s Internal
Audit Department.
Your Company adopted a proactive risk management
approach and actively managed foreign currency
exposures through appropriate hedging strategies and
market instruments to protect business margins.
DEPOSITS
Your Company s erstwhile Public Deposit Scheme closed
in the year 2000. As at 31st March, 2026, there were
no deposits due for repayment except in respect of two
deposit holders aggregating ` 20,000 which have been
withheld on the basis of directives received from the
government agencies.
DIRECTORS
Changes in Directors
During the year, the following Directors were appointed /
re-appointed with your approval:
a) Mr. Amitabh Kant as an Independent Director for a
period of five years with effect from 1st January, 2026.
b) Mr. Navin Agarwal, representing the Specified
Undertaking of the Unit Trust of India ( SUUTI ), as
a Non-Executive Director for a period of three years
with effect from 1st April, 2026.
Mr.
Shyamal
Mukherjee
Independent
Director for a period of five years with effect from
11th August, 2026.
d) Mr. Hemant Malik as a Wholetime Director for a period
of two years with effect from 12th August, 2026.
In the opinion of the Board, Messrs. Kant and Mukherjee
possess the required integrity, expertise and experience
to perform their role as Independent Directors of your
Mr. Hemant Bhargava will complete his present term
as an Independent Director of your Company on 19th
December, 2026. The Board of Directors of your Company
( the Board ), on the recommendation of the Nomination
& Compensation Committee, has recommended for the
approval of the Members, the re-appointment of Mr.
Bhargava as an Independent Director of the Company for a
period of five years with effect from 20th December, 2026.
Appropriate resolution seeking your approval to the above
is appearing in the Notice convening the 115th Annual
General Meeting ( AGM ) of your Company.
Ms. Nirupama Rao completed her term as an Independent
Director of your Company with effect from close of work
on 7th April, 2026. Further, Dr. Alok Pande, representing
SUUTI, stepped down from the Board with effect from
1st April, 2026. Your Directors place on record their
appreciation for the contribution made by Ms. Rao and Dr.
Pande during their respective tenure with the Company.
Retirement by Rotation
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the
Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) read with Articles 94
and 95 of the Articles of Association of your Company,
Messrs. Sunil Panray and Siddhartha Mohanty will retire
by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, offer
themselves for re-election. Your Board has recommended
their re-election.
Number of Board Meetings
Five meetings of the Board were held during the year
ended 31st March, 2026.
Attributes, Qualifications & Independence of Directors
and their Appointment
The Corporate Governance Policy of your Company
requires that the Non-Executive Directors be drawn
from amongst eminent professionals, with experience
in business / finance / law / public administration and
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

enterprises. The Nomination & Compensation Committee
has laid down the criteria for determining qualifications,
positive attributes and independence of Directors
(including Independent Directors). The Committee also
evaluates the role and capabilities required, and the
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the
Board, while considering the appointment of Independent
Directors of your Company.
Further, in terms of the Policy on Board Diversity, the
Board is required to have balance of skills, competencies,
experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
the Company. Diversity for this purpose is considered
from a number of aspects including, but not limited to,
educational & cultural background, nature of professional,
administrative & industry experience, skills, knowledge
and gender representation. The skills, expertise and
competencies of the Directors identified by the Board, along
with those available in the present mix of the Directors of
the Company, are provided in the Report on Corporate
Governance forming part of the Report and Accounts.
In terms of the applicable regulatory requirements read
with the Articles of Association of your Company, the
strength of the Board shall not be fewer than six nor more
than eighteen. Directors are appointed / re-appointed with
the approval of the Members for a period of three to five
years or a shorter duration, in accordance with retirement
guidelines and as may be determined by the Board
from time to time. All Directors, other than Independent
Directors, are liable to retire by rotation, unless otherwise
approved by the Members. One-third of the Directors who
are liable to retire by rotation, retire every year and are
eligible for re-election.
The Independent Directors of your Company have
confirmed that (a) they meet the criteria of independence
prescribed under Section 149 of the Act and Regulation
16 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 ( Listing Regulations ), (b) they are independent
of the management of the Company, and (c) they are
not aware of any circumstance or situation which could
impair or impact their ability to discharge duties with an
objective independent judgement and without any external
influence. In the opinion of the Board, the Independent
Directors fulfil the conditions specified under the Act
and the Listing Regulations, and are independent of the
management of the Company.
Remuneration Policy
Details of the Company s Policy on remuneration of
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees
are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance
forming part of the Report and Accounts.
Evaluation of Board, Board Committees and individual
Directors
During the year, the Nomination & Compensation Committee
has adopted a revised Framework for performance
evaluation of the Board, Board Committees and
Individual Directors.
In keeping with ITC s belief that IT is the collective
effectiveness of the Board that impacts Company s
performance, the primary evaluation platform is that of
collective performance of the Board as a whole. Board
performance is assessed, inter alia, against the roles and
responsibilities of the Board as provided under the Act,
the Listing Regulations and the Company s Governance
Policy. Accordingly, the parameters for Board performance
evaluation have been derived from the Board s core role
of trusteeship to protect and enhance shareholder value
as well as to fulfil expectations of other stakeholders
through strategic supervision of the Company; such
parameters include (i) ensuring that the Company s
Vision, Mission and Values (which were revised during the
year) continue to be inspirational, purposeful & relevant,
and commensurate with ITC s purpose, size and standing,
(ii) securing alignment of the Company s long-term strategic
goals with its Triple Bottom Line approach to value
creation and the nation s socio-economic & ecological
priorities, (iii) ensuring a clearly defined strategic direction
for realisation of the Company s Vision, strategic goals
and long-term plans, and (iv) supporting the Company s
management to meet the challenges arising from the
operating & policy environment in the country.
Evaluation of functioning of Board Committees is based
on discussions amongst the Committee Members and
shared by the respective Committee Chairmen with the
Board. Individual Directors are evaluated in the context of
the role played by each Director as a member of the Board
at its meetings, in assisting the Board in realising its role
of strategic supervision of the functioning of the Company
in pursuit of its purpose and goals. The peer group ratings
of the individual Directors are collated by the Chairman
of the Nomination & Compensation Committee and made
available to the Chairman of the Company, who in turn
takes action as considered appropriate.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 109

While the Board evaluated its performance against the
parameters laid down by the Nomination & Compensation
Committee, the evaluation of individual Directors was
carried out against the laid down parameters in order
to ensure objectivity. The parameters for performance
evaluation of individual Directors, inter alia, include ability
to provide thought leadership across the role spectrum,
demonstrating
perspective
judgement during Board deliberations, and contribution to
Board cohesion, governance & organisational processes.
Reports on the functioning and performance of Board
Committees during the year were placed before the
Board. The Independent Directors Committee of the Board
also reviewed the performance of the Chairman,
non-Independent
Directors
Board,
pursuant to Schedule IV to the Act and Regulation 25 of
the Listing Regulations.
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
During the year, there were no changes in the Key
Managerial Personnel of your Company.
AUDIT COMMITTEE & AUDITORS
The composition of the Audit Committee is provided under
the section Board of Directors and Committees in the
Statutory Auditors
Messrs. S R B C & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants
( SRBC ), were re-appointed with your approval as the
Statutory Auditors of the Company for a period of five years
till the conclusion of the 118th AGM (till FY 2028-29).
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit
Committee, has recommended for the approval of the
Members, the remuneration of SRBC for conduct of audit
for the financial year 2026-27. Appropriate resolution
seeking your approval to the remuneration of SRBC is
appearing in the Notice convening the 115th AGM of
your Company.
Cost Auditors
Your Board, as recommended by the Audit Committee,
appointed the following Cost Auditors for the FY 2026-27:
i. Messrs. ABK & Associates, Cost Accountants, for
audit of Cost Records maintained by your Company
in respect of Wood Pulp and Paper and Paperboard
products.
ii. Messrs. S. Mahadevan & Co., Cost Accountants,
for audit of Cost Records maintained in respect of
all applicable products of your Company, other than
Wood Pulp and Paper and Paperboard products.
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Act read with the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, appropriate
resolutions seeking your ratification to the remuneration
of the aforesaid Cost Auditors are appearing in the Notice
convening the 115th AGM of your Company.
The Company maintains necessary cost records as
specified by the Central Government under Section 148(1)
of the Act read with the Companies (Cost Records and
Audit) Rules, 2014.
Secretarial Auditors
Messrs. S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co., Company
Secretaries, were appointed with your approval as the
Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of
five years till the FY 2029-30.
The Report of the Secretarial Auditors, pursuant to Section
204 of the Act, is provided in the Annexure forming part
of this Report. The Secretarial Auditors have confirmed
that the Company has complied with the applicable laws
and that there are adequate systems and processes in
the Company commensurate with its size and scale of
operations to monitor and ensure compliance with the
applicable laws.
CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
During the year, 1,53,48,450 Ordinary Shares of ` 1/-
each, fully paid-up, were issued and allotted upon exercise
of 15,34,845 Options under the Company s Employee
Stock Option Schemes. Consequently, the Issued and
Subscribed Share Capital of your Company, as on
31st March, 2026, stands increased to ` 1252,94,68,231/-
divided into 1252,94,68,231 Ordinary Shares of ` 1/- each.
The Ordinary Shares issued during the year rank pari
passu with the existing Ordinary Shares of the Company.
EMPLOYEE
STOCK
OPTION
SCHEMES
AND
EMPLOYEE STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS SCHEME
During the year, the Board, pursuant to the authority vested
in IT by the Members, has approved the ITC Employee
Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme 2025, in accordance
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021 ( the SBEB Regulations ).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Disclosures with respect to Stock Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights, as required under Regulation 14
SBEB
Regulations,
Notes to the Financial Statements of the Company. The
said disclosures forming part of the Financial Statements
can also be accessed on the Company s corporate
website https://www.itcportal.com under the section
Investor Relations .
During the year, there has been no change in the
Employee Stock Option Schemes and the Employee
Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme of the Company.
The Secretarial Auditors have certified that the aforesaid
Schemes have been implemented in accordance with
the SBEB Regulations and the resolutions passed by the
Members in this regard.
INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE
The Investor Service Centre of your Company ( ISC ),
which is registered with the Securities and Exchange
Board of India for providing in-house share registration
and related services to the shareholders and investors,
continues to maintain best-in-class standards of investor
servicing while ensuring compliance with the applicable
regulatory requirements.
During the year, the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management
System Certification for investor servicing by ISC was
renewed by DNV, the accredited agency for such
certification, for three years up to 22nd March, 2029.
DNV accorded the highest Level 5 rating to ISC s
systems and processes, re-affirming its best-in-class
service standards for shareholders and investors.
The Investor Relations section on the Company s
corporate website http://www.itcportal.com serves as
a user-friendly platform for shareholders and investors
providing comprehensive information and guidance on
share-related matters. In addition, the shareholders may
conveniently avail various share-related services through
the dedicated service portal at https://eform.itcportal.com.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
All contracts or arrangements entered into by your
Company with its related parties during the financial year
were in accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. All such contracts
or arrangements were on arm s length basis in the
ordinary course of business and were approved by the
Audit Committee. No material contracts or arrangements
with related parties within the purview of Section 188(1)
of the Act were entered into during the year under review.
Accordingly, the disclosure of Related Party Transactions
as required in terms of Section 134 of the Act read with
Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 in
Form AOC-2 is not applicable for the year.
DIRECTORS RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
As required under Section 134 of the Companies Act,
2013, your Directors confirm having:
a) followed in the preparation of the Annual Accounts,
the applicable accounting standards with proper
explanation relating to material departures, if any;
b) selected such accounting policies and applied them
consistently and made judgements and estimates
that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true
and fair view of the state of affairs of your Company
at the end of the financial year and of the profit of your
Company for that period;
c) taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance
of adequate accounting records in accordance
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for
safeguarding the assets of your Company and for
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d) prepared the Annual Accounts on a going concern
basis;
e) laid down internal financial controls to be followed by
your Company and that such internal financial controls
were adequate and were operating effectively; and
devised proper systems to ensure compliance with
the provisions of all applicable laws and that such
systems were adequate and operating effectively.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Your Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
preparation of the consolidated financial statements of your
Company and its Subsidiaries ( the Group ), Associates
and Joint Venture entities, in terms of the requirements
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and in accordance
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India,
including the Indian Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act.
The respective Boards of Directors of the companies
included in the Group and of its associates and joint
venture entities are responsible for maintenance of
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 111

adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of
each company and for preventing and detecting frauds
and other irregularities; the selection and application
of appropriate accounting policies; making judgements
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the financial statements that give a true
and fair view and are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error. Such financial statements
have been used for the purpose of preparation of the
consolidated financial statements by the Board of
Directors of your Company, as aforestated.
OTHER INFORMATION
Compliance
Corporate
Governance
The certificate from the Company s Statutory Auditors,
Messrs. S R B C & CO LLP, confirming compliance with
the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated
under the Listing Regulations, is annexed.
Going Concern status
There was no significant or material order passed during
the year by any regulator, court or tribunal impacting
the going concern status of your Company or its future
operations.
Annual Return
The Annual Return of your Company is available on its corporate
website at https://www.itcportal.com/investor/disclosures-
under-SEBI.aspx.
Particulars of loans, guarantees or investments
Details of loans and investments covered under the
provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are
provided in Notes 4, 5, and 9 to the Financial Statements.
No guarantees were outstanding as at the year end.
Particulars relating to Conservation of Energy and
Technology Absorption
Particulars as required under Section 134 of the
Companies Act, 2013 relating to Conservation of Energy
and Technology Absorption are also provided in the
Annexure to this Report.
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
The Company is in compliance with the applicable
Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India and approved by the Central
Government under Section 118(10) of the Act.
Employees
The total number of employees as on 31st March, 2026
stood at 22,481.
The information required under Section 197(12) of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014 is provided in the Annexure forming part of
this Report.
The statement containing particulars of employees as
required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act,
2013 read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,
forming part of this Report, is available on the Company s
corporate website www.itcportal.com.
Dividend Distribution Policy
The Dividend Distribution Policy of your Company
may
accessed
https://www.itcportal.com/about-itc/policies/dividend-
distribution-policy.pdf.
Key Financial Ratios
Key Financial Ratios for the financial year ended
31st March, 2026 are provided in the Annexure forming
part of this Report.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Report contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. When used in this Report,
the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect ,
intend , will and other similar expressions as they relate
to your Company and/or its Businesses are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. Your Company
undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, or otherwise. Actual results,
performances or achievements could differ materially
from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking
statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

only as of their dates. This Report should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements included herein
and the notes thereto.
CONCLUSION
Your Company s Triple Bottom Line philosophy has
over the years spurred the creation of innovative
business models that synergise the building of economic,
environmental and social capital. IT is now universally
evident that enterprises of the future will not only have
to be agile, consumer-centric, innovative and digital-first
but also purpose-driven and responsibly competitive. In
line with its superordinate goal of serving larger national
priorities and creating value for all stakeholders, your
Company s paradigm of Responsible Competitiveness
focuses on building sustainable competitive advantage in
a manner that replenishes the environment and supports
sustainable livelihoods.
The strategic Vision of creating multiple drivers of growth
through the pursuit of market opportunities that best match
institutional strengths, has resulted in the development of
strong Businesses of the future anchored on a portfolio
of purpose-led brands, future-ready products and
world-class quality. Today, your Company is the leading
FMCG marketer in India, a pioneering trailblazer in
farmer and rural empowerment through its Agri Business,
the clear market leader in the Indian Paperboards
and Packaging industry, and a global exemplar in
sustainability. ITC Hotels Limited - a group entity - is a
pre-eminent hotel chain and a globally acclaimed icon in
green hoteliering. Since the turn of the millennium, your
Company s non-cigarettes businesses have grown over
40-fold and presently constitute about two-thirds of Net
Segment Revenue. At the heart of this transformation
lies the power of synergy, with seamless access for your
Company s newer Businesses / initiatives to the deep and
varied capabilities resident across different parts of the
enterprise, and its world-class talent pool.
An extensive strategy reset has been undertaken in recent
years, embodied in the ITC Next strategy that focuses
on building a Future-Ready, Consumer-Centric, Climate
Positive and Inclusive organisation, with the agility and
foresight to anticipate change, innovate proactively and
shape the next horizon of growth and value creation.
The FMCG Businesses have delivered strong performance
in recent years and are well-poised to be rapidly scaled up
across the three growth platforms i.e., fortifying the core,
addressing value-added adjacent opportunities leveraging
mother brands and nurturing new vectors of growth.
Multi-dimensional
interventions,
acquisitions in high-growth and future-facing categories,
have been undertaken to accelerate growth and
strengthen the competitiveness and market standing of
the FMCG Businesses.
Focused interventions made in the recent past have also
augmented your Company s multi-channel go-to-market
capability, resulting in manifold expansion in the reach and
availability of its products. Market coverage has increased
to 2.1x of pre-pandemic levels, facilitating availability
of products in nearly seven million retail, over 40% of
which are serviced directly. Sharp-focused investments
have augmented capability in NewGen channels such
as e-Commerce, Quick Commerce and Modern Trade,
resulting in robust growth in sales and enhanced market
standing. In addition, investments towards accelerating
agile and purposeful innovation, optimising supply
chain efficiencies and accelerated digital adoption have
significantly enhanced competitiveness.
The FMCG Businesses will continue to leverage your
Company s institutional strengths as a key source of
sustainable competitive advantage viz. strong backward
linkages with the Agri Business, a deep & wide
multi-channel distribution network, cuisine knowledge
resident in ITC Hotels Limited (a group entity), packaging
know-how and the robust R&D platforms nurtured by
LSTC. Structural advantages arising out of distributed
manufacturing footprint, anchored on state-of-the-art
ICMLs strategically located proximal to large demand
centres, are increasingly being leveraged to drive rapid
growth of the FMCG Businesses. With the strategy of
building robust FMCG Businesses anchored on strong
growth platforms and future-ready portfolio, your Company
is well-poised to drive sustained value creation, leveraging
its powerful brands.
The Agri Business has been a strong backbone and a
key source of competitive advantage for your Company s
FMCG and Cigarettes Businesses, as also a leading
player in the agri space driving rural transformation. The
scope and scale of operations have grown manifold over
the years and currently encompass nearly four million
tonnes of annual volume throughput in 22 states and over
20 agri value chains. In recent years, the Business has
pivoted its strategic focus towards rapidly scaling up its
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 113

Value-Added Agri Products portfolio to accelerate growth
and margins. With policy enablers in place, your Company
is scaling up NextGen agriculture value chains that are
digitally enabled and climate smart, and re-structuring
the back end into a robust network of FPOs. This will
further strengthen the sourcing network and facilitate the
development of customised supply chains for traceable
and identity-preserved sourcing of agri-commodities
and in augmenting the product portfolio with the addition
of value-added products such as staples for the Food
Service segment, fresh fruits and vegetables, medicinal
and aromatic plant extracts, etc. Towards enhancing the
competitiveness of domestic agri value chains, fostering
new business models and augmenting value creation
opportunities, your Company has successfully scaled
up ITCMAARS - a crop-agnostic phygital full stack
AgriTech platform integrating NextGen agri-technologies
and solutions - to seamlessly deliver hyperlocal and
personalised solutions to the farming community
whilst creating new and scalable revenue streams and
strengthening sourcing efficiencies.
The Paperboards, Paper and Packaging Businesses have
made significant progress over the years in terms of scale
enhancement and improved profitability. While recent
performance has been impacted by low priced Chinese
& Indonesian supplies in global markets including India,
soft domestic demand conditions and unprecedented
surge in wood prices, strategic interventions continue
to be undertaken across areas spanning plantations,
sharpening the product portfolio along with thrust on
enhancing structural cost advantage. Representations
continue to be made at appropriate forums through
industry associations for sustained safeguard measures
for domestic industry and development of economically
viable alternatives for plantations on degraded forest
land. Strategic investments have been stepped up in
areas such as pulp import substitution, proactive capacity
augmentation in Value-Added Paperboards segment,
decarbonisation of operations, deployment of Industry
4.0 technologies and towards nurturing robust innovation
platforms. The focus going forward is to fortify market
leadership in the fast-growing Value-Added Paperboards
segment by augmenting scale, driving cutting-edge
innovation to rapidly scale-up single use plastic substitutes
as a new vector of growth, building structural advantage
through product mix enrichment, import substitution and
scaling up the use of emergent technologies such as
Industry 4.0 to enhance operational efficiency, reduce
wastage and costs.
Your Company has entered into a Business Transfer
Agreement to acquire the Pulp and Paper Undertaking
of Aditya Birla Real Estate Limited (Century Pulp and
Paper). The proposed acquisition is expected to add
significant scale and economies to existing operations
with potential for further capacity expansion, provide
locational advantage for efficient customer servicing and
proximity to key raw material sources, mitigate operational
risks through multi-site operations and enhance resilience
across industry cycles through portfolio diversification.
Your
build
dynamic
Future-Tech enterprise powered by state-of-the-art
digital technologies and infrastructure ( Mission DigiArc )
across the value chain adding significant impetus to digital
marketing, digital commerce, digital products and digital
operations. Your Company today is a pioneer in adoption
of cutting-edge digital technologies across strategic
impact areas spanning Consumer Experience, Business
Model Transformation, Smart Operations and Employee
Experience. Your Company is increasingly leveraging AI
to enable smarter operations, enhance transparency and
efficiency in workflows, generate data-driven insights,
conduct technology-based impact assessments, and
creating connected communities.
Sustainability continues to be a critical focus area. Your
Company is actively pursuing its bold Sustainability 2.0
agenda comprising multi-dimensional interventions in
decarbonisation, building green infrastructure, scaling
up carbon sequestration, promoting climate-smart and
regenerative agriculture, restoring biodiversity through
nature-based solutions, enhancing water stewardship,
creating an effective circular economy and sustainable
packaging solutions, building climate resilience & adaptive
capacity of value chains and developing inclusive value
chains that can support 10 million livelihoods by 2030.
Your Company has also committed to achieving Net Zero
operations by 2050, while sharpening focus on climate
adaptation, resilience of infrastructure and value chains,
and nature-based solutions.
Disruptive business models and value propositions
anchored at the intersection of future frontiers of
Digitalisation and Sustainability form an integral part
of your Company s strategic roadmap going forward.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

NextGen business models such as ITCMAARS in the
agri-ecosystem, tech-enabled Fresh Food business,
paperboards
customised for end-use with focus on single use plastic
substitutes, are being progressed to actualise these
opportunities. Value-accretive acquisitions, joint venture
and collaborations continue to be proactively pursued
towards accelerating growth and value creation.
The world is navigating a critical inflection point marked by
turbulence, uncertainty and rapid change, calling for novel
strategies to reimagine the future. Multiple disruptions
in recent years, including the pandemic, climate
change-induced extreme weather events, geopolitical
tensions, severe inflationary pressures, rapidly evolving
consumer preferences and the relentless march of
technology - especially AI & digitalisation; the business
landscape is being reshaped at every turn. Accordingly,
your Company continues to build a future-ready portfolio
of businesses and strengthen business model resilience
anchored in domestic value creation, local sourcing and
climate resilience.
The resilience, agility and adaptive capacity demonstrated
by your Company is a testament to the talent, determination
and untiring efforts of its pool of dedicated professionals,
associates and partners. Your Company s diverse talent
pool of professional entrepreneurs, proneurs , have the
unique opportunity to nurture categories, products and
brands from ideation to execution. This talent pool is
being harnessed not only to create winning products and
services for today, but also to seize larger opportunities
as they emerge from the expanding horizons of your
Company s Businesses.
Your Company s Board and employees are inspired
by the Vision of sustaining your Company s position as
one of India s most admired and valuable companies,
creating enduring value for all stakeholders, including
the shareholders and the Indian society. The vision of
enlarging your Company s contribution to the Indian
economy is driven by its Nation First: Sab Saath Badhein
credo anchored on the core values of Nation Orientation,
Trusteeship,
Customer
Obsession,
Collaboration,
Empathy & Respect and Entrepreneurial Mindset, which
are the cornerstones of your Company s Corporate
Governance philosophy.
Inspired by this Vision, driven by Values and powered
by internal Vitality, your Directors and employees look
forward to the future with confidence and stand committed
to creating an even brighter future for all stakeholders.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 115
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
Kolkata
21st May, 2026

ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY
1. CSR Policy - Brief outline and Overview

a. Brief outline of the CSR Policy:

IT is ITC s Policy to direct its CSR Programmes, inter alia, towards achieving one or more of the following - poverty
alleviation; promoting education and skill development; promoting healthcare including preventive healthcare;
providing sanitation and drinking water; ensuring environmental sustainability; enabling climate resilience; undertaking
rural development projects; creating livelihoods for people, especially those from disadvantaged sections of society;
protecting national heritage, art and culture; preserving and promoting music and sports; and providing relief and
assistance to victims of disasters and calamities.

In pursuit of the above, ITC has identified the following focus areas for its CSR Programmes based on comprehensive
need assessment surveys of its stakeholders:

(i) Create sustainable livelihoods and alleviate poverty through water stewardship and management of other
natural resources, sustainable agriculture and climate smart practices, on-farm livelihoods like afforestation,
off-farm livelihoods like livestock development, nano / micro-enterprises and women empowerment;

(ii) Build capabilities for tomorrow through interventions in education, skilling and healthy habitations through
sanitation, school WASH (Water, Sanitation & Hygiene) and waste management;

(iii) Promote healthcare, including preventive healthcare, and improve critical nutritional & health status of at-risk
population through interventions to strengthen mother & child health, nutrition, and affordable access to basic
healthcare services;

(iv) Protect national heritage, art & culture, and preserve & promote music and sports; and

(v) Provide relief and assistance to victims of disasters and calamities.

The CSR Policy of the Company may be accessed on its corporate website at https://itcportal.com/about-itc/itc-
policies/CSR-policy.html

b. Role of the CSR and Sustainability Committee:

The role of the CSR and Sustainability Committee is inter alia, to review, monitor and provide strategic direction to
the Company s CSR and sustainability practices towards fulfilling its triple bottom line objectives. The Committee
seeks to guide the Company in crafting unique models to support creation of sustainable livelihoods together with
environmental re-generation. Formulation and monitoring of the CSR Policy, the Sustainability Policies and the
annual CSR Action Plan, including making recommendations to the Board as necessary, form part of the role of the
Committee. The Committee also approves the Sustainability Report, besides reviewing the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report of the Company and recommending the same to the Board for adoption.

c. CSR Programmes / Projects

The two most important stakeholders for ITC s CSR programmes / projects are:

Rural communities, primarily in the Company s Agri Business areas.

Communities residing in close proximity to the Company s production units.

The Company s stakeholder profile is varied, calling for an integrated approach to development comprising several
layers of interventions which are summarised below, in line with Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013:

i. Promoting Preventive Healthcare, Sanitation & Poverty Alleviation (Schedule VII - i)

Health and Nutrition: Focus on preventive aspects by way of emphasis on Maternal and Child Health
and Nutrition (MCHN) through awareness and counselling by leveraging institutions like Anganwadis,
Accredited Social Health Activist (ASHA) workers and network of women Village Health Champions (VHCs).
Also, strengthen healthcare related services by supplementing primary & secondary infrastructure, upgrading
Primary Health Centres (PHC), and providing access to healthcare through mobile services & other

Waste Management and Circular Economy: Create a clean and healthy environment through awareness
& behaviour change for inculcating individual & community responsibility, facilitate source segregation &
recycling of dry and wet waste including plastics, management of liquid waste and enable sustainable
livelihoods and well-being of waste collectors.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2026

Sanitation: Promote a hygienic environment through prevention of open defecation and reduce incidence
of waterborne diseases. The focus of the intervention is on enhancing awareness and impacting behaviour
change on Water, Sanitation & Hygiene (WASH). Also, facilitate health impacting social and civic infrastructure
initiatives like improved sanitation and hygiene in the neighbourhood of the Company s catchments.

Poverty Alleviation: Support the needy and poor through interventions that enable income diversification &
generation and also provide access to basic needs like clothing, food, etc., as needed.

ii. Promoting Education, Vocational Skills and Livelihood Enhancement (Schedule VII - ii)

Education: Provide children with access to education including Early Child Care Education with focus on
enrolment, learning retention, foundational skills and improved pedagogy. Also, work with government to
enhance capacities of institutions like Anganwadis.

Skills: Build and upgrade skills of youth with the emerging needs of the job market across sectors as also
entrepreneurial opportunities.

On-farm and Off-farm livelihoods: Enhance incomes of farmers and their families by widening income
generation opportunities through social and agro-forestry, fruit plantations and livestock development covering
both large and small ruminants, including poultry and fisheries. Also, facilitate capability building through
comprehensive package of extension services.

iii. Economic Empowerment of Women (Schedule VII - iii)

Provide a range of gainful employment and individual & group entrepreneurial opportunities to women by
empowerment and capacity building programmes, strengthening digital and financial literacy, and also providing
access to loans, grants, insurance & social security.

iv. Ensuring Environmental Sustainability (Schedule VII - iv)

Water Stewardship: Promote local management of water resources by facilitating community-based
participation in planning & executing watershed projects and soil & moisture conservation, river-basin level
interventions, and also identifying & enabling extensive use of water efficient practices in agriculture & urban
catchments and use of treated water.

Biodiversity: Strengthen eco-system services provided by nature including provisioning and regulatory
services focussed on restoring commons and mangroves.

CII-ITC Centre of Excellence for Sustainable Development: Enable other businesses / organisations in India
to create enduring value on a sustainable basis by embedding the imperatives of sustainable development in
their strategies & processes.

v. Protection of National Heritage, Art & Culture (Schedule VII - v)

Revive and restore vanishing musical sub-genres by enlisting the goodwill of some of the finest musicians
through institutions like the ITC Sangeet Research Academy, which was established in 1977 as an embodiment
of the Company s sustained commitment to a priceless national heritage. Also, protect and promote Indian art
and culture including infrastructure creation, and enhancing awareness & research in Indian knowledge systems.

vi. Training to promote rural sports, nationally recognised sports, paralympic sports and Olympic sports
(Schedule VII - vii)

Promote sports for the holistic development of children by working closely with schools.

vii. Research in science, technology, engineering and medicine aimed at promoting Sustainable Development Goals
(Schedule VII - ix-b)

Leverage the technical expertise of premier institutions through partnerships and support innovation and
R&D activities in the areas of science, technology, engineering, environment, agriculture and health aimed at
promoting Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

viii. Rural Development (Schedule VII - x)

Sustainable and Climate Smart Agriculture: Introduce advanced knowledge & technologies through package
of practices, increase awareness of farmers on optimum use of natural resources in order to increase farm
incomes, minimise cost of cultivation, reduce emissions and make agriculture resilient to increasing climate
challenges.

Knowledge Empowerment: Enable farmers and farmer collectives to make informed choices by providing
relevant and real-time information on local weather reports, customised knowledge & best practices on
farming and farm management, commodity prices, market linkages and risk management.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 117

Institutional Support: Encourage sustainable agricultural practices through various extension platforms to
enable access to relevant farm mechanisation technologies & implements, as also institutional support
mechanisms and linkages to government schemes, especially for small farm holdings, in order to enhance
farm productivity and farm-based incomes.

ix. Disaster Assistance (Schedule VII - xii)

Provide relief especially to the poor and vulnerable sections of society who face severe disruption to their
livelihoods in the event of disasters and calamities.
2. Composition of the CSR and Sustainability Committee as on 31st March, 2026:
Name of Director
Designation / Nature of
Directorship
Number of
meetings of CSR
and Sustainability
Committee held
Number of
meetings of CSR
and Sustainability
Committee attended
1.
S. Puri (Chairman of the
Committee)
Chairman & Managing Director
2.
A. Kant 1
Independent Director
3.
C. K. Mishra
Independent Director
4.
S. Mohanty
Non-Executive Director
5.
S. Mukherjee
Independent Director
6.
A. Pande
Non-Executive Director
7.
S. Panray
Non-Executive Director
8.
N. Rao
Independent Director
9.
A. Singh
Non-Executive Director

1 Appointed as a Member w.e.f. 30th January, 2026.
3. Provide the web-link(s) where composition of the CSR and Sustainability Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects
approved by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company: https://www.itcportal.com/sustainability/corporate-
social-responsibility.aspx
4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of
sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable:

Executive Summary - Impact Assessment of ITC s CSR Programmes for the financial year 2025-26
Brief Description
ITC implements its CSR Programmes across the country under a Three Pathway Strategy,
focusing both on strengthening and sustaining livelihoods of today, as well as building
capabilities and capacities to empower communities for a better life for the future.
Thematic Areas /
Programmes
The specific themes covered under the Three Pathway Strategy include:
Pathway 1: Conserving Natural Resource Ecosystems and Enhancing Resilience of
Agriculture and Allied Livelihoods
Water Stewardship
Climate Smart Agriculture
On-Farm Livelihood Diversification: Social Forestry
Off-Farm Livelihood Diversification: Livestock Development
Pathway 2: Nurturing Human Capabilities - Strengthening Foundational Literacy &
Livelihoods and Preparing Communities for Future
Support to Education
Skilling of Youth
Women Empowerment: Targeted Hardcore Poor (THP) Programme and Financial
Literacy Programme
Pathway 3 - Strengthening Public and Community Health Ecosystems to create
Healthier Habitats
Public Health: Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition (MCHN)
Public Health: Sanitation and Waste Management
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Projects Covered
63 projects having outlay of more than ` 1 crore each during the financial year
2023-24 were grouped under nine thematic interventions and were then taken up for
impact assessment. The purpose of these assessments was to assess the impact of
the projects and incorporate the learnings from the findings into the programmes,
as relevant.
Projects Duration
FY 2023-24
States
The assessments covered interventions in the States of Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Bihar,
Delhi, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra,
Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and
West Bengal.
Impact Assessment
Agencies
These impact assessments were done by the following 12 external agencies selected
through competitive bidding process, and assigned specific projects / geographies for
assessment:
Administrative Staff College of India, Hyderabad
Anahat For Change Foundation, Kolkata
BDO India Services Private Limited, Gurugram
Bureau of Research on Industry and Economic Fundamentals Private Limited,
New Delhi
CRISIL Limited, Mumbai
Grant Thornton Bharat LLP, Noida
Ingrain Technologies, Hyderabad
Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP, Gurugram
Renalysis Consultants Private Limited, Ahmedabad
Saarthak Collective, New Delhi
Saathire Social Impact Solutions Private Limited, Bengaluru
SoStakes Services Private Limited, Bengaluru
Period of Study
FY 2025-26
Methodology
The agencies took up studies through mixed method approach covering quantitative and
qualitative data collection. A statistically significant sample size was covered under each
project. In the aggregate, over 22,450 samples were covered across interventions and
control areas.
The major impacts recorded by the impact studies are as follows -
Pathway 1: Conserving Natural Resource Ecosystems and Enhancing Resilience of Agriculture and Allied
Livelihoods
Overall, the projects assessed under Pathway 1 were found to be relevant, effective, efficient and sustainable. They
have not only contributed to higher incomes for farmers, but also enabled climate adaptation and conservation of
natural resources.
Water Stewardship
The study conducted in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu revealed that compared to baseline,
access to irrigation resulted in increase in gross cropped area by 12% and improved cropping intensity by 6%.
Biodiversity Conservation
In the study conducted in Maharashtra, respondents have reported increase in availability of fodder and fuelwood
by over 16% in commons and they have been able to save approximately ` 8,000/- annually on procuring fodder
and ` 2,000/- on procuring fuelwood.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 119

Climate Smart Agriculture
In Uttar Pradesh, study revealed that compared to control, yield of wheat was 16% higher for programme farmers,
while cost of cultivation was lesser by 28%.
In Telangana, study revealed that compared to control, Direct Seeded Rice (DSR) method in paddy resulted in
21% reduction of cultivation costs and 22% higher net income. 82% of programme farmers continued DSR in the
subsequent years and 72% increased the area under DSR on their own.
Study conducted in Crop Development Programme (CDP) across the states of Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra,
Punjab, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, revealed high variety seeds delivered average 10-15% higher yield in wheat
crop, against control.
Social Forestry
In Telangana, small farmer friendly agro-forestry model plantations (both trees and crops cultivated together) led to
17% higher income for programme farmers over control who only grew trees.
Livestock Development
In Telangana, because of the interventions, mortality rate of small ruminants reduced by 50% compared to control.
Pathway 2: Nurturing Human Capabilities -Strengthening Foundational Literacy & Livelihoods and Preparing
Communities for Future
Projects evaluated under Pathway 2 were found to be of high relevance, impacting lives of children, youth, women and
communities residing in ITC catchments.
Support to Education
Early Childhood Care and Education (ECCE) interventions evaluated in Andhra Pradesh revealed that 90% (control:
56%) children showing better shape drawing ability; 73% (31%) in fine motor skills; and 58% (30%) in number
recognition skills.
Primary Education programme evaluated in Himachal Pradesh, Maharashtra, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh
showed 80% children from the programme group could solve 3-digits addition & subtraction (control: 50%+) and
90% children could read sentences (control: 50%+).
Skilling of Youth
Study done in Assam, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal revealed that a high proportion of respondents
(upto 93%) reported gaining skills and knowledge for job roles, along with improvements in communication and
problem-solving abilities. 80% of the trained youth got engaged in employment or self-employment and are earning
` 12,000/- to ` 14,000/- per month.
Women Empowerment
In the Targeted Hardcore Poor (THP) programme in Uttar Pradesh, average monthly income of ultra-poor women
has increased by over five times, and asset value appreciated to over two and half times, compared to baseline.
In the Financial Literacy (FL) and inclusion programme studied in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh,
Tamil Nadu, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, over 46% of women reported taking loan for productive purposes
such as business, financial investments, farming, irrigation etc., compared to less than 18% in control.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 121
Pathway 3 - Strengthening Public and Community Health Ecosystems to create Healthier Habitats
Projects evaluated under Pathway 3 were found to be relevant and impactful in improving health and nutrition outcomes
of the community as well as improving habitats.
Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition (MCHN)
In the MCHN programme implemented in collaboration with the Government of Assam in Darang district, 97%
(baseline: 57%) pregnant women registered for Ante Natal Care (ANC) in the 1st trimester. In the same district, in
case of children (< 5 years), there was reduction in prevalence of under-weight children to 11% (baseline: 25%) and
reduction in prevalence of stunting to 21% (baseline: 46%).
Waste Management
In Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, study revealed that waste segregation practice at household level increased from 30%
to 90%.

Study conducted in Kapurthala, Punjab, and Shirur, Maharashtra, revealed high awareness levels about linkage
between waste management and environment pollution - 85% and 75%, respectively.
In Shirur, 94% respondents highlighted improvement in waste water treatment in their village as a result of Liquid
Waste Management programme.
In Well-being Out of Waste (WOW) programme in three peri-urban clusters of Hyderabad, 96% of surveyed
households practiced source segregation (control: 40%) indicating the positive impact of the programme.
Detailed Impact Assessment Reports are available on the Company s website at
https://www.itcportal.com/sustainability/impact-studies.aspx
5. (a) Average net profits of the Company as per Section 135(5)
:
` 24,996.23 crores
(b) Two percent of the average net profits of the Company as per Section 135(5)
:
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial
:
Nil
(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any
:
Nil
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]
:
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project)
:
` 470.85 crores
(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads
:
` 25 crores
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable
:
` 4.15 crores
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]
:

(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount
spent for the
Financial Year
Amount Unspent (in `)
Total Amount transferred to
Unspent CSR Account as per
Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under
Schedule VII as per second proviso to
Section 135(5)
Amount
Name of the
Fund
Amount
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Not Applicable

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

(f) Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Particular
Amount (in `)
(1)
(2)
(3)
Two percent of average net profits of the Company as per Section 135(5)
Total amount spent for the Financial Year
Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)]
` 0.08 crore
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous
Financial Years, if any
Nil
Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)]
` 1.46 crores *

* Includes excess amounts of ` 0.58 crore and ` 0.80 crore spent during the financial years 2023-24 and 2024-25, respectively,
and carried forward.
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
Preceding
Financial
Year(s)
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
Section 135(6)
Balance
Amount in
Unspent CSR
Account under
Section 135(6)
Amount
Spent in the
Financial
Year (in `)
Amount transferred to a Fund
as specified under Schedule
VII as per second proviso to
Section 135(5), if any
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding
Financial
Years (in `)
Deficiency,
if any
Amount
Date of
Transfer
Nil
Nil
Nil
Not Applicable
Nil
Nil
Nil
Not Applicable
` 23.10 crores
Nil
` 23.10 crores
NIL
NIL
NIL
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in
the Financial Year

If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created / acquired
Not Applicable

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount
spent in the Financial Year:
Short particulars of the
property or asset(s)
[including complete
address and location of the
property]
Pincode of the
property or
asset(s)
Date of
creation
Amount
of CSR
amount
spent
Details of entity / Authority / beneficiary of the
registered owner
CSR Registration
Number, if applicable
Name
Registered
address
Not Applicable
9. Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profits as per Section 135(5):
Not Applicable
S. PURI
Chairman - CSR and Sustainability Committee
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
Kolkata, India
21st May, 2026
Yes
No

FORM NO. MR - 3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
The Members,
CIN: L16005WB1910PLC001985
Virginia House, 37 J. L. Nehru Road
Kolkata 700 071
We have conducted Secretarial Audit of compliance with the applicable statutory provisions and adherence to good corporate practices by ITC Limited (hereinafter
called the Company ) for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026. Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for
evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company s books and papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also
the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that
in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, complied with the statutory provisions listed
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting
made hereinafter.
We have examined the books and papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial year ended
31st March, 2026 according to the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and the Rules made thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv) The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment and
Overseas Direct Investment;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 2025 - The Company s in-house
Investor Service Centre is registered with the SEBI as a Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent;

(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;

(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;

(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable as there was no
reportable Event during the financial year under review;

(h) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021 - Not Applicable as there was no
reportable Event during the financial year under review; and

(i) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable as there was no reportable Event during the
financial year under review;
(vi) The Management has identified and confirmed the following laws as being specifically applicable to the Company:

(a) The Tobacco Board Act, 1975 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder;

(b) The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution)
Act, 2003 and the Rules made thereunder, and other laws relating to manufacture and sale of Tobacco;

(c) The Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder;

(d) The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and the Rules made thereunder.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:

(i) Secretarial Standards with respect to Meetings of Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries
of India;

(ii) Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with National Stock Exchange of India Limited, BSE Limited and Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited
( the Stock Exchanges ). The Company s equity shares were delisted from the Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited with effect from 20th November, 2025.
We report that during the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards etc.
mentioned above.
We further report that:
(i) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors,
including Women Independent Directors. Changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the year under review, were carried out
in compliance with the provisions of the Act;
(ii) Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board and Committee Meetings; agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days
in advance before the meeting except where consent of Directors was received for circulation of notices, agenda and notes to agenda at a shorter notice,
and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation
at the meeting;
(iii) All the decisions of the Board and Committees thereof were carried through unanimously;
We further report that based on review of the compliance mechanism established by the Company, we are of the opinion that there are adequate systems and
processes in place in the Company which are commensurate with its size and scale of operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with the applicable Laws,
Rules, Regulations and Guidelines.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 123

We further report that during the financial year under review, following events have occurred, having a major bearing on the Company s affairs in pursuance of
the above referred Laws, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc.:
1) Issue and allotment of 1,53,48,450 Ordinary Shares of Re. 1/- each, fully paid-up, upon exercise of Stock Options under the Employee Stock Option Schemes
of the Company, from time to time.
2) Acquisition of 43.75% of the share capital (comprising 2,62,500 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each) of Ample Foods Private Limited (AFPL) on 4th April, 2025,
consequent to which AFPL has become an Associate Company.
3) Pursuant to the execution of Share Purchase Agreement on 17th April, 2025 to acquire 100% of the share capital of Sresta Natural Bioproducts
Private Limited ( SNBPL ), and acquisition of its entire share capital (comprising 1,87,48,858 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each) on 13th June, 2025; consequently,
SNBPL became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its subsidiaries viz., Fyve Elements LLC, USA and Sresta Global FZE, UAE,
became step-down wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company with effect from the said date.

Subsequent to the above, the Board of Directors of the Company on 1st August, 2025 approved the Scheme of Amalgamation of SNBPL and
Wimco Limited ( Wimco ), wholly owned subsidiaries, with the Company. The Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ), Kolkata Bench, vide order
dated 20th March, 2026, and NCLT, Hyderabad Bench, vide order dated 16th April, 2026, have approved the said amalgamation; Upon fulfilment of all the
conditions specified in the Scheme of Amalgamation, the Appointed Date for the said amalgamation is 1st April, 2025 for Wimco and 13th June, 2025 for
SNBPL and the Effective Date of the Scheme is 1st June, 2026.
4) Pursuant to the approval of the Board, the Company executed the Transaction Documents on 17th April, 2025, to acquire the remaining 73.50% stake of the
share capital of Mother Sparsh Baby Care Private Limited (on a fully diluted basis) at Rs. 415 crore over a period of two to three years with a primary infusion of
Rs.70 crore and acquisition of 594 Equity Shares and 2,201 Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares, of Rs. 10/- each, on 21st May, 2025;
consequently, the Company s shareholding in Mother Sparsh aggregated 39.47% of its share capital, on a fully diluted basis.
5) Divestment of the Company s entire shareholding of 39.32% consisting of 7,759 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares and 2,386 Equity Shares, of
Rs. 10/- each, held in Delectable Technologies Private Limited ( DTPL ) on 13th May, 2025; consequently, DTPL ceased to be an associate company
with effect from the said date.
6) The Board of Directors on 1st August, 2025, pursuant to the authority vested in IT by the Members on 10th April, 2025, approved the ITC Employee Stock
Appreciation Rights Scheme 2025 for grant of Employee Stock Appreciation Rights to the eligible employees of the Company and its Subsidiary companies.
7) The Ordinary Shares of Company were voluntarily delisted from The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited with effect from 20th November, 2025.
8) Prag Agro Farm Limited ceased to be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with effect from 10th December, 2025, consequent to its
voluntary liquidation, as approved by NCLT, Mumbai Bench.
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure - A and forms an integral part of this Report.
Date: 14th May, 2026
Thane
Annexure - A
14th May, 2026
Thane
Company Secretaries
ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400
Peer Review Cert. No.: 5218/2023
S. N. Ananthasubramanian
Founding Partner
FCS: 4206 | COP No.: 1774
ICSI UDIN: F004206H000358582
Company Secretaries
ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400
Peer Review Cert. No.: 5218/2023
S. N. Ananthasubramanian
Founding Partner
FCS: 4206 | COP No.: 1774
ICSI UDIN: F004206H000358582
The Members,
CIN: L16005WB1910PLC001985
Virginia House, 37 J. L. Nehru Road
Kolkata 700 071
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year from 1st April 2025 to 31st March 2026 of even date is to be read along with this letter.
Management s Responsibility
1.
IT is the responsibility of the Management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of
all applicable laws and regulations, and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.
Auditor s Responsibility
2.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company with respect to
secretarial compliances.
3.
We have conducted the Audit as per the applicable Auditing Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
4.
We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company s management is adequate and appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion.
5.
Wherever required, we have obtained reasonable assurance as to whether the statements prepared, documents or records in relation to Secretarial Audit,
maintained by the Company, are free from misstatement.
6.
Wherever required, we have obtained the Management s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.
Disclaimer
7.
The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management has
conducted the affairs of the Company.
8.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Kolkata, India
21st May, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
INFORMATION UNDER SECTION 134 (3) (m) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES,
2014. AND FORMING PART OF THE REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 125
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
All business units continued their efforts to improve energy
usage efficiencies and increase the share of renewable energy
in line with ITC s 2030 Goals. These goals include reduction in
specific energy by 30% and specific GHG by 50% along with
increasing renewable energy share to 50% and sourcing 100%
of purchased electricity from renewables. The Company regularly
tracks its performance against these key performance indicators.
The Company invests in energy conservation and renewable
energy projects along with exploring innovative technologies
to bring alignment with the goals. These investments are done
in phases by taking into account future expansion plans, evolving
frameworks,
techno-commercial
feasibility
socio-political aspects.
a) Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:
Some of the energy conservation measures adopted across
the Company are outlined below:

I. Installation of Upflow Anaerobic Sludge Blanket Reactor
(UASBR) for efficient effluent treatment and utilization of
gas as fuel in Foods Business.
II. Installation of high-efficiency screw chillers in Paper
III. Installation of Pressure Reduction Station (PRS) and
multi-pass steam injection systems to optimise steam
consumption in Foods Business.
IV. Installation of closed loop condensate recovery system in
Foods Business.
V. Integration of process equipment with sensors and
automation systems (e.g., dissolved oxygen sensors,
thermal energy meters) for real-time optimisation in
Foods and Personal Care Businesses.
VI. Installation of flow booster system and deaeration system to
enhance heat transfer efficiency in thermic fluid heaters in
Packaging Business.
VII. Installation of Variable Frequency Drives (VFDs) for various
pumps, agitators, blowers, and chillers across Businesses.
VIII. Replacement of air conditioners, chiller, compressor,
motors, water coolers, pumps and heat exchangers
with higher efficiency ones across Businesses.
IX. Improvement in energy usage efficiency in lighting systems
by changing over to efficient lighting solutions such as
Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs) across Businesses.
X. Process improvements to enhance productivity and reduce
specific energy consumption across Businesses.
These investments have resulted in energy savings of over 50 TJ
b) Steps taken for utilising alternate sources of energy:
Some of the renewable energy initiatives undertaken during the
year are as follows:

I. Commissioning of 3 MWp onsite solar photovoltaic power
plants across ITC Units.
II. Commissioning of biomass boilers in foods and cigarette
factories at Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh.
III. Continued use of renewable electricity from existing wind/
solar power plants and utilization of biomass in existing
biomass boilers across Businesses.
These investments have helped ITC increase its renewable
electricity capacity to 177 MW. These investments, together with
initiatives in renewable thermal energy, have helped ITC achieve
an overall renewable energy share of 51%.
c) Capital investment on energy conservation equipment:
785 lakhs INR
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
a) Efforts made towards technology absorption:

I. As a part of Industry 4.0 initiative, various technological
innovations are being implemented. Key highlights are
presented below:

a. Foods Business s Focus Factory initiative is aimed
at building robust digital infrastructure to enable real
time monitoring of operational parameters and utilise
IT towards advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine
Learning data analytics. This was the backbone for
adoption of advance technologies like deployment of
AI Agents and digital twins.

b. Digital Factory Operating System (Df-OS) is a platform
developed to centralize operations and enable seamless
cross-functional collaboration, creating a single source of
truth for factory data.

c. Integrated Operations Management System (IOMS)
has been developed to digitize and standardize critical
manufacturing parameters.
II. New process and changes to product formulation to enhance
productivity, quality and printability in Paper Business.
III. Enhanced the plastic substitution portfolio of products at the
Paper Business.
IV. New process and product technologies on personal hygiene,
skin care and fragrances developed through in-house
Research & Development in the Personal Care Products
V. Induction of contemporary technologies and continuous
improvement across Businesses, towards reducing process
variability, cycle time and wastages while enhancing
manufacturing flexibility, productivity and capability.
b) Benefits derived:

I. Cycle time reduction and productivity enhancement
II. World-class quality and differentiated products
III. Addressing market specific end-use applications
IV. Conservation of resources and improved efficiencies
c) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development:
31st March, 2026
Expenditure on R&D
(` in Lakhs)
i) Capital
1,828.30
ii) Revenue
19,449.65
Total
21,277.95
Total R&D Expenditure (as a % of Gross Revenue)
0.26%

Annexure to the Report of the Board of Directors
For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2026
A. Information pursuant to Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

Name of Directors &
Designation
Ratio of Remuneration to
Increase in Remuneration
Key Managerial Personnel

Median Remuneration
over Last Year (%)

of all Employees
Based on remuneration paid
* Not comparable since the remuneration for the financial year 2024-25 was for part of the year.
1 Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. 01.01.2026
Notes
1)
The number of permanent employees as on 31st March, 2026 was 22,481.
2)
Compared to the financial year 2024-25, the figures for the financial year 2025-26 reflect that:

Median remuneration of employees - Increased by 4%

Average remuneration of employees - Decreased by 2%

(iii) Average remuneration of employees excluding Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) - Decreased by 2%

(iv) Remuneration of KMPs - Decreased by 2%
3)
Remuneration of Directors, KMPs and other employees is in accordance with the Company s Remuneration Policy.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
S. Puri
Chairman & Managing Director
338 : 1
(7)
S. Dutta
Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
133 : 1
H. Malik
Executive Director
108 : 1
B. Sumant
Executive Director
153 : 1
(8)
H. Bhargava
Independent Director
15 : 1
A. M Bharucha
Independent Director
15 : 1
A. Kant 1
Independent Director
0 : 1
-
C. K Mishra
Independent Director
9 : 1
2232 *
S. Mohanty
Non-Executive Director
4 : 1
3262 *
S. Mukherjee
Independent Director
15 : 1
A. Nayak
Independent Director
15 : 1
A. Pande
Non-Executive Director
10 : 1
1672 *
S. Panray
Non-Executive Director
15 : 1
N. Rao
Independent Director
15 : 1
A. K Seth
Independent Director
15 : 1
A. Singh
Non-Executive Director
15 : 1
1449 *
P. Subrahmanyam
Independent Director
15 : 1
1695 *
R. K Singhi
Executive Vice President & Company Secretary
45 : 1
(0)
B. Information pursuant to Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 -
Available on the Company s corporate website www.itcportal.com .
Kolkata
21st May, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)

KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS
[Pursuant to Schedule V(B) to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

Key Financial Ratios for the Company
Kolkata
21st May, 2026
FY26
FY25
Operating Profit Margin (%)
33.4
35.4
Net Profit Margin (%)1
25.3
26.7
Debtors Turnover
23.7
20.7
Inventory Turnover
4.9
5.3
Current Ratio
3.0
(vi)
Return on Net Worth1
29.6
29.2
For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2026
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 127
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
Notes
1. Net Profit Margin and Return on Net Worth ratios have been computed based on Profit After Tax
(before exceptional items).
2. Interest Coverage Ratio and Debt-Equity ratio are not relevant for the Company as IT has negligible debt.
3. Refer Note to Standalone Financial Statements No. 29 (xvii) on comparability of Gross Revenue from sale of
products and services and value of Inventory with previous year numbers.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Independent Auditor s Report on compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance as per provisions
of Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802SJMBUV8736
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026
The Members of ITC Limited
1.
The Corporate Governance Report prepared by ITC Limited (hereinafter the Company ), contains details as specified in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to
(i) and (t) of sub - regulation (2) of regulation 46 and paras C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended ( the Listing Regulations ) ( Applicable criteria ) for the year ended March 31, 2026 and the said
Report will be submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchanges as part of the Annual Report.
Management s Responsibility
2.
The preparation of the Corporate Governance Report is the responsibility of the Management of the Company including the preparation and maintenance of
all relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility also includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the Corporate Governance Report.
3.
The Management along with the Board of Directors is also responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the conditions of Corporate Governance
as stipulated in the Listing Regulations, issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
Auditor s Responsibility
4.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to provide a reasonable assurance in the form of an opinion whether the Company
has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as specified in the Listing Regulations.
5.
We conducted our examination of the Corporate Governance Report in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes
and the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ). The Guidance Note
on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.
6.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and
Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.
7.
The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks associated in compliance of the Corporate Governance
Report with the applicable criteria. Summary of procedures performed include:

Read and understood the information prepared by the Company and included in its Corporate Governance Report;

ii.
Obtained and verified that the composition of the Board of Directors with respect to executive and non-executive directors has been met throughout
the reporting period;

iii. Obtained and read the Register of Directors as on March 31, 2026 and verified that atleast one independent woman director was on the Board of Directors
throughout the year;

iv. Obtained and read the minutes of the following committee meetings / other meetings held from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026:

(a) Board of Directors;

(b) Audit Committee;

(c) Annual General Meeting (AGM);

(d) Nomination and Remuneration Committee;

(e) Stakeholders Relationship Committee;

(f) Risk Management Committee

v.
Obtained necessary declarations from the directors of the Company.

vi. Obtained and read the policy adopted by the Company for related party transactions.

vii. Obtained the schedule of related party transactions during the year and balances at the year-end.

viii. Obtained and read the minutes of the audit committee meeting wherein such related party transactions have been pre-approved by the audit committee.

ix. Performed necessary inquiries with the management and also obtained necessary specific representations from management.
8.
The above-mentioned procedures include examining evidence supporting the particulars in the Corporate Governance Report on a test basis. Further, our
scope of work under this report did not involve us performing audit tests for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the fairness or accuracy of any of the
financial information or the financial statements of the Company taken as a whole.
Opinion
9.
Based on the procedures performed by us, as referred in paragraph 7 above, and according to the information and explanations given to us, we are of the
opinion that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as specified in the Listing Regulations, as applicable for the year ended
March 31, 2026, referred to in paragraph 4 above.
Other matters and Restriction on Use
10. This report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the
affairs of the Company.
11. This report is addressed to and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling IT to comply with its obligations under the
Listing Regulations with reference to compliance with the relevant regulations of Corporate Governance and should not be used by any other person or for
any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care or for any other purpose or to any other party to whom IT is shown
or into whose hands IT may come without our prior consent in writing. We have no responsibility to update this report for events and circumstances occurring
after the date of this report.

Kolkata, India
May 19, 2026
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 129
CEO and CFO Compliance Certificate
We, S. Puri, Chairman & Managing Director, and S. Dutta, Director & Chief Financial Officer,
certify that :
a) We have reviewed the Financial Statements including the Statement of Cash Flows for
the year ended 31st March, 2026 and to the best of our knowledge and belief:

these Statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material
fact or contain statements that might be misleading;

these Statements together present a true and fair view of the Company s affairs
and are in compliance with the Indian Accounting Standards, applicable laws and
regulations.
b) To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company
during the year ended 31st March, 2026 are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the
ITC Code of Conduct.
c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial
reporting and we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the
Company pertaining to financial reporting. Deficiencies in the design or operation of such
internal controls, if any, of which we are aware have been disclosed to the Auditors and
the Audit Committee and steps have been taken to rectify these deficiencies.
d) i)
There has not been any significant change in the internal controls over financial
reporting during the year under reference;

There has not been any significant change in the material accounting policies during
the year requiring disclosure in the notes to the Financial Statements; and

iii) We are not aware of any instance during the year of significant fraud with
involvement therein of the management or any employee having a significant role
in the Company s internal control systems over financial reporting.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2026
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Note
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
ASSETS

(a) Property, Plant and Equipment
3A
16501.73
16446.08

(b) Capital work-in-progress
3B
1472.56
1067.79

(c) Investment Property
3C
378.03
399.89

(d) Goodwill
3D
608.25
577.88

(e) Other Intangible assets
3E
2558.56
2024.04

(f) Intangible assets under development
3F
81.62
2.91

(g) Right-of-use assets
3G
425.22
541.86

(h) Financial Assets

(i) Investments
19409.05
20692.67

(ii) Loans
3.69
6.28

(iii) Others
324.21 19736.95
1575.07 22274.02

(i) Other non-current assets
1009.55 42772.47
912.12 44246.59
Current assets

(a) Inventories
17931.90
15061.01

(b) Financial Assets

(i) Investments
19701.54
15289.94

(ii) Trade receivables
2925.60
3910.79

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents
110.02
222.41

(iv) Bank Balances other than (iii) above
2025.50
2962.45

(v) Loans
7.95
8.96

(vi) Others
1952.45 26723.06
1264.88 23659.43

(c) Other current assets
1488.43 46143.39
1037.68 39758.12

TOTAL ASSETS
88915.86
84004.71
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity

(a) Equity Share capital
1252.95
1251.41

(b) Other Equity
68675.66 69928.61
66642.30 67893.71
Liabilities

(a) Financial Liabilities

(i) Lease liabilities
97.09
117.45

(ii) Other financial liabilities
352.94
450.03
87.89
205.34

(b) Provisions
280.05
225.24

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
3065.25
3795.33
2556.35
2986.93
Current liabilities

(a) Financial Liabilities

(i) Borrowings
2026.22
1.76

39.08
37.54

(iii) Trade Payables

(A) total outstanding dues of micro and

small enterprises; and
345.97
178.26

(B) total outstanding dues of creditors other

than micro and small enterprises
4925.93
4311.67

(iv) Other financial liabilities
1598.79
8935.99
1391.41
5920.64

(b) Other current liabilities
4897.84
6129.12

(c) Provisions
303.43
46.53

(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
1054.66 15191.92
1027.78 13124.07
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
88915.86
84004.71

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 131
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2026
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Note
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Continuing Operations
Revenue From Operations
22A, 22B
81640.11
74238.13
Other Income
3287.18
3454.97
Total Income (I+II)
84927.29
77693.10
EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed
25939.49
23440.61
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
8791.91
8936.22
Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-Trade,
work-in-progress and intermediates
(2482.79)
(640.50)
Excise duty
9656.33
4912.55
Employee benefits expense
3629.28
3417.16
Finance costs
69.94
36.35
1473.99
1441.93
Other expenses
10897.67
10146.48
Total expenses (IV)
57975.82
51690.80
Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)
26951.47
26002.30
Exceptional Items
29(i)
(183.87)
527.96
Profit before tax (V+VI)
26767.60
26530.26
Tax expense
Current Tax
5822.16
5990.17
Deferred Tax
659.02
446.80
Profit for the year from continuing operations (VII-VIII)
20286.42
20093.29
Profit before exceptional items and tax from discontinued
-
572.52
Exceptional Items of discontinued operations
29(x)
-
15163.06
Tax expense of discontinued operations
-
631.82
Profit for the year from discontinued operations (X+XI-XII)
-
15103.76
XIV Profit for the year (IX+XIII)
20286.42
35197.05
Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:

-
Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans
29(vi)
(26.70)
(27.41)

-
Equity instruments through other comprehensive
(839.64)
(999.57)

-
Effective portion of gains / (losses) on designated
portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge
33.54
0.23

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to
profit or loss
112.63
85.34
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:

-
Exchange differences on net investment in foreign
-
(40.55)

-
Debt instruments through other comprehensive income
(55.87)
72.07

-
Effective portion of gains / (losses) on designated
portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge
(64.35)
(8.22)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to
profit or loss
30.43
(11.27)
Other Comprehensive Income [A(i+ii)+B(i+ii)]
(809.96)
(929.38)
XVI Total Comprehensive Income for the year (XIV+XV)
19476.46
34267.67
XVII Earnings per equity share (Face Value ` 1.00 each):
29(ii)

For Continuing Operations

16.20
16.07

16.19
16.05
For Discontinued Operations

-
12.08

-
12.06
For Continuing and Discontinued Operations

16.20
28.15

16.19
28.11

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31st March, 2026
B. Other Equity
(` in Crores)
A. Equity Share capital
(` in Crores)
Balance at the beginning
of the reporting year
Changes in equity share
capital during the year
Balance at the end of the
reporting year
For the year ended 31st March, 2026
1251.41
1.54
1252.95
For the year ended 31st March, 2025
1248.47
2.94
1251.41
Reserves and Surplus
Items of Other Comprehensive Income
Total
Capital
Reserve
Securities
Premium
Share-
Payment
Reserve
Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Contingency
Reserve
General
Reserve
Subsidy
Reserve
Retained
Earnings
Debt
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Equity
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Effective
Cash Flow
Hedges
Foreign
Currency
Translation
Reserve
Balance as at 1st April, 2025
2.48
15834.70
422.76
0.30
363.05
-
0.14
47729.22
48.71
2245.48
(4.54)
-
66642.30
-
20286.42
-
20286.42
-
(25.70)
(41.63)
(719.57)
(23.06)
-
(809.96)
-
20260.72
(41.63)
(719.57)
(23.06)
-
19476.46
Issue of equity shares under ITC Employee
Stock Option Schemes
-
403.31
-
403.31
Dividends
- Final Dividend (2024-25 - ` 7.85 per share)
-
(9823.58)
-
(9823.58)
- Interim Dividend (2025-26 - ` 6.50 per share)
-
(8144.00)
-
(8144.00)
Transfer from Share-based Payment Reserve
on exercise and lapse
-
106.49
(109.98)
-
3.05
-
(0.44)
-
(13.72)
-
(13.72)
Transfer to Retained Earnings
-
(0.14)
0.14
-
Recognition of Share-based Payment
-
135.33
-
135.33
Balance as at 31st March, 2026
2.48
16344.50
448.11
0.30
363.05
-
50025.55
7.08
1525.91
(41.32)
-
68675.66
Balance as at 1st April, 2024
2.48
14842.78
507.59
0.30
363.05
17585.31
0.14
34480.09
(10.02)
3163.40
1.29
40.55
70976.96
-
35197.05
-
35197.05
-
(23.66)
58.73
(917.92)
(5.98)
(40.55)
(929.38)
-
35173.39
58.73
(917.92)
(5.98)
(40.55)
34267.67
Issue of equity shares under ITC Employee
Stock Option Schemes
-
794.39
-
794.39
Dividends
- Final Dividend (2023-24 - ` 7.50 per share)
-
(9363.54)
-
(9363.54)
- Interim Dividend (2024-25 - ` 6.50 per share)
-
(8133.11)
-
(8133.11)
-
19.45
-
19.45

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 133
B. Other Equity (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31st March, 2026
The Board of Directors of the Company have recommended Final Dividend of ` 8.00 per Ordinary Share of ` 1/- each for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 (previous year: Final Dividend ` 7.85 per Ordinary Share) amounting to
` 10023.57 Crores. The said Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and has not been included as a liability in these financial statements.
Together with the Interim Dividend of ` 6.50 per Ordinary Share (previous year: ` 6.50 per Ordinary Share) paid on 27th February, 2026, the total Equity Dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 is ` 14.50 per Ordinary Share
(previous year: ` 14.35 per Ordinary Share).
Capital Reserve: This Reserve represents the difference between value of the net assets transferred to the Company in the course of business combinations and the consideration paid for such combinations.
Securities Premium: This Reserve represents the premium on issue of shares and can be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Share-based Payment Reserve: This Reserve relates to Stock Options / Equity Settled Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs) granted by the Company to employees under the ITC Employee Stock Option Schemes and the ITC Employee
Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme. This Reserve is transferred to Securities Premium or Retained Earnings on exercise or lapse of vested Options / ESARs.
Capital Redemption Reserve: This Reserve has been transferred to the Company in the course of business combinations and can be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Contingency Reserve: This Reserve has been created out of Retained Earnings, as a matter of prudence, to take care of any unforeseen adverse developments in pending legal disputes.
General Reserve: This Reserve was created by an appropriation from one component of equity (generally Retained Earnings) to another, not being an item of Other Comprehensive Income. The same can be utilized in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Subsidy Reserve: This Reserve represents amounts taken over by the Company in the course of business combinations.
Retained Earnings: This Reserve represents the cumulative profits of the Company and effects of remeasurement of defined benefit obligations. This Reserve can be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Debt Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income: This Reserve represents the cumulative gains (net of losses) arising on revaluation of Debt Instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income,
net of amounts reclassified, if any, to profit or loss when those instruments are disposed of.
Equity Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income: This Reserve represents the cumulative gains (net of losses) arising on revaluation of Equity Instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income,
net of amounts reclassified, if any, to Retained Earnings when those instruments are disposed of.
Effective portion of Cash Flow Hedges: This Reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of changes in Fair Value of hedging instrument that are designated as Cash Flow Hedges. IT will be reclassified to profit or loss or included
in the carrying amount of the non-financial asset in accordance with the Company s accounting policy.
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve: This Reserve represents the accumulated balance of foreign exchange differences arising on monetary items that, in substance, form part of the Company s net investment in a foreign operation
whose functional currency is other than Indian Rupee. Exchange differences previously accumulated in this Reserve were reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the concerned foreign operation.
Reserves and Surplus
Items of Other Comprehensive Income
Total
Capital
Reserve
Securities
Premium
Share-
Payment
Reserve
Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Contingency
Reserve
General
Reserve
Subsidy
Reserve
Retained
Earnings
Debt
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Equity
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Effective
Cash Flow
Hedges
Foreign
Currency
Translation
Reserve
Transfer from Share-based Payment Reserve
on exercise and lapse
-
197.53
(199.21)
-
1.00
-
(0.68)
-
0.15
-
0.15
Recognition of Share-based Payment
-
137.27
-
137.27
Fair value of the Demerged Undertaking
distributed to the shareholders of the Company
-
(22033.37)
-
(22033.37)
Transfer from Retained Earnings
-
4448.06
-
(4448.06)
-
Derecognised pursuant to Scheme of Demerger
of Hotels business
-
(22.89)
-
(22.89)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025
2.48
15834.70
422.76
0.30
363.05
-
0.14
47729.22
48.71
2245.48
(4.54)
-
66642.30

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31st March, 2026
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
A. Cash Flow from Operating Activities
PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
26767.60
26530.26
PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
-
15735.58
ADJUSTMENTS FOR

1473.99
1668.88

Share based payments to employees
124.10
130.00

Finance costs
69.94
44.84

Interest Income
(1401.07)
(1423.07)

Dividend Income
(972.16)
(1019.59)

Net gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, lease termination
(11.71)
(105.37)

Inventory write-offs / write-downs (net of reversals)
349.27
223.23

11.70
11.54

(1.79)
1.87

Impairment of investment in associate
-
11.00

(0.01)
-

Gain recognised on fair valuation of net assets distributed pursuant
to Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-

(15617.37)

Net gain arising on financial instruments measured at fair value
through profit or loss / fair value through other comprehensive
(775.97)
(1397.02)

Foreign currency translations and transactions - Net
(22.05)
(1155.76)
4.36
(17466.70)
OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES
25611.84
24799.14
ADJUSTMENTS FOR

Trade receivables, advances and other assets
662.41
(839.55)

Inventories
(3157.86)
(2695.19)

Trade payables, other liabilities and provisions
(226.08) (2721.53)
1334.38
(2200.36)
CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS
22890.31
22598.78

Income tax paid (net of refunds)
(5795.34)
(5844.88)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
17094.97
16753.90
B. Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment, Intangibles,
ROU asset etc.
(2069.30)
(1788.64)

Sale of property, plant and equipment
49.26
157.77

Purchase of current investments
(59977.83)
(59302.87)

Sale / redemption of current investments
56640.92
59962.21

Payment towards business combination, including cash and
cash equivalents assumed [Refer Note 29(ix)]
(284.99)
-

Investment in subsidiaries
(199.22)
(866.08)

Investment in associates
(181.84)
(29.99)

Divestment of shares held in associate
0.01
-

Purchase of non-current investments
(2317.63)
(390.52)

Sale / redemption of non-current investments
3341.11
390.19

Dividend received
972.16
1019.59

Interest received
856.51
987.14

Investment in bank deposits (original maturity more than 3 months)
(618.32)
(5217.10)

Redemption / maturity of bank deposits
(original maturity more than 3 months)
2815.61
5920.74

Investment in deposit with financial institution
(1768.50)
(1200.00)

Maturity of deposit with financial institution
1200.00
500.00

Loans given to employees
(9.38)
(17.39)

Loans realised from employees
13.05
13.45
NET CASH (USED IN) / FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(1538.38)
138.50

31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
C. Cash Flow from Financing Activities

Proceeds from issue of share capital
404.85
797.33

Proceeds from current borrowing
2000.00
-

Repayment of current borrowing
(41.52)
-

Repayment of non-current borrowings
(7.23)
(1.52)

Principal payment of lease liabilities
(41.83)
(47.48)

Interest paid
(49.94)
(44.84)

Net increase in statutory restricted accounts balances
9.02
8.09

Dividend paid
(17967.58)
(17496.65)

-
19.45
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES
(15694.23)
(16765.62)
NET (DECREASE) / INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
(137.64)
126.78
OPENING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
222.41
198.07
LESS: ON DEMERGER OF HOTELS BUSINESS
-
102.44
CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
84.77
222.41
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 135
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31st March, 2026
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Notes
1. The above Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the Indirect Method as set out in Ind AS 7 - Statement of Cash Flows.
2. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
As at
31st March, 2026
As at
31st March, 2025

Cash and cash equivalents (Note 11)
110.02
222.41

Less: Cash credit facilities (Note 18)
25.22
-

Less: Unrealised gain / (loss) on foreign currency cash and
cash equivalents

0.03

Cash and cash equivalents as per Statement of Cash Flows
84.77
222.41
3. Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities includes an amount of ` 489.57 Crores (2025 - ` 442.68 Crores) spent towards Corporate
Social Responsibility.
4. Disclosure of non-cash movement arising from financing activities in respect of lease liabilities - Refer Note 14.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
1. Material Accounting Policies
Statement of Compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
amendments thereto. The financial statements have also
been prepared in accordance with the relevant presentation
requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. The Company
adopted Ind AS from 1st April, 2016.
Basis of Preparation
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with
the historical cost convention, except for certain items that
are measured at amortised cost or fair value, as explained
in the accounting policies.
Fair Value is the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of
an asset or a liability, the Company takes into account the
characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
would take those characteristics into account when pricing
the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
measurement and / or disclosure purposes in these financial
statements is determined on such a basis, except for
share-based payment transactions that are within the scope
of Ind AS 102 - Share-based Payment, leasing transactions
that are within the scope of Ind AS 116 - Leases,
and measurements that have some similarities to
fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable
value in Ind AS 2 - Inventories or value in use in
Ind AS 36 - Impairment of Assets.
with Ind AS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the
accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
affects only that period; they are recognised in the period
of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
Operating Cycle
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
or non-current as per the Company s normal operating
cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the
Companies Act, 2013 and Ind AS 1 - Presentation of
Financial Statements based on the nature of products and
the time between the acquisition of assets for processing
and their realisation in cash and cash equivalents.
The Company has identified twelve months as its
operating cycle.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment (PP&E) are stated at cost of
and accumulated impairment, if any. For this purpose, cost
includes deemed cost which represents the carrying value
of PP&E recognised as at 1st April, 2015 measured as per
the previous Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP).
Cost is inclusive of inward freight, import duties &
non-refundable taxes and incidental expenses related
to acquisition. In respect of major projects involving
construction, related pre-operational expenses form part of
the value of assets capitalised. Expenses capitalised also
include applicable borrowing costs for qualifying assets,
if any. All upgradation / enhancements are charged off as
revenue expenditure unless they bring similar significant
additional benefits.
An item of PP&E is derecognised upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to arise from
the continued use of asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
disposal or retirement of an item of PP&E is determined as
the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognised in the Statement of
Depreciation of these assets commences when the assets
are ready for their intended use, which is generally on
commissioning. Items of PP&E are depreciated in a manner
that amortizes the cost (or other amount substituted for
cost) of the assets after commissioning, less its residual
value, over their useful lives as specified in Schedule II of
the Companies Act, 2013 on a straight-line basis. Land is
not depreciated.
Company Information
ITC Limited (the Company ) [CIN: L16005WB1910PLC001985]
is a public limited company domiciled in India with its
registered office located at Virginia House, 37 Jawaharlal
Nehru Road, Kolkata 700 071. The Company s shares
are listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited
and BSE Limited. The Company is a diversified
conglomerate with businesses spanning Fast-Moving
Consumer Goods (Cigarettes & Cigars, Foods, Personal
Care Products, Education & Stationery Products, Safety
Matches and Agarbattis), Paperboards, Paper and
Packaging and Agri Business.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 137
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
The estimated useful lives of PP&E of the Company are as
follows:
Buildings
30-60 Years
Leasehold Improvements
Shorter of lease period or
estimated useful lives
Plant and Equipment
3-25 Years
Furniture and Fixtures
8-10 Years
Vehicles
8-10 Years
Office Equipment
5. Years
PP&E s residual values, useful lives and method of
depreciation are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date
and changes, if any, are treated as changes in accounting
estimate.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill arising on Business Combination is carried at cost
less any accumulated impairment losses.
Goodwill is annually tested for impairment. Impairment
loss, if any, to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the
recoverable amount is charged off to the Statement of Profit
and Loss as IT arises and is not reversed. For impairment
testing, goodwill is allocated to Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
or group of CGUs to which IT relates, which is not larger
than an operating segment, and is monitored for internal
management purposes.
On disposal of the CGU or group of CGUs, attributable
amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
profit or loss recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Other Intangible Assets
Other Intangible Assets that the Company controls and from
which IT expects future economic benefits are capitalised
upon acquisition and measured initially:
a. for assets acquired in a business combination, at fair
value on the date of acquisition.
b. for separately acquired assets, at cost comprising
the purchase price (including import duties and
non-refundable taxes) and directly attributable costs to
prepare the asset for its intended use.
Internally generated assets for which the cost is clearly
identifiable are capitalised at cost. Research expenditure is
recognised as an expense when IT is incurred. Development
costs are capitalised only after the technical and commercial
feasibility of the asset for sale or use has been established.
Thereafter, all directly attributable expenditure incurred to
prepare the asset for its intended use are recognised as the
cost of such assets. Internally generated brands, websites
and customer lists are not recognised as intangible assets.
The carrying value of intangible assets includes deemed
cost which represents the carrying value of intangible
assets recognised as at 1st April, 2015 measured as per
the previous GAAP.
After initial recognition, an intangible asset is carried at
its cost less accumulated amortization and / or impairment
losses.
The useful life of an intangible asset is considered finite
where the rights to such assets are limited to a specified
period of time by contract or law (e.g. patents, licences,
trademarks, franchise and servicing rights) or the likelihood
of technical, technological obsolescence (e.g. computer
software, design, prototypes) or commercial obsolescence
(e.g. lesser known brands to which adequate marketing
support may not be provided). If, there are no such
limitations, the useful life is taken to be indefinite.
Intangible assets that have finite lives are amortized over
their estimated useful lives by the straight-line method
unless IT is practical to reliably determine the pattern of
benefits arising from the asset. An intangible asset with
an indefinite useful life is not amortized. However, IT is
annually tested for impairment. Amortization expenses and
impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses are
included in the Depreciation and amortization expense
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
The estimated useful lives of intangible assets of the
Company with finite lives are as follows:
Trademarks / Know
How, Business and
Commercial Rights
10-30 Years (unless shorter
useful life is required based
on contractual or legal terms)
Computer Software
5. Years
Customer Relationships
8. Years
Sourcing Network
7. Years
The useful lives of intangible assets are reviewed annually to
determine if a reset of such useful life is required for assets
with finite lives and to confirm that business circumstances
continue to support an indefinite useful life assessment for
assets so classified. Based on such review, the useful life
may change or the useful life assessment may change from
indefinite to finite. The impact of such changes is accounted
for as a change in accounting estimate.
Investment Property
Properties that are held for long-term rental yields and / or
for capital appreciation are classified as investment
properties. Investment properties are stated at cost of
and accumulated impairment, if any. Depreciation is
recognised using the straight-line method so as to amortise
the cost of investment properties over their useful lives
as specified in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Freehold land and properties under construction are not
depreciated. The estimated useful lives of investment
properties are same as those disclosed for PP&E.
Transfers to, or from, investment properties are made at
the carrying amount when and only when there is a change
in use.
An item of investment property is derecognised upon
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
to arise from the continued use of asset. Any gain or loss
arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of investment
property is determined as the difference between the sales
proceeds and the carrying amount of the property and is
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Income received from investment property is recognised
in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease.
Impairment of Assets
Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent, the carrying
amount of assets or CGU exceeds their recoverable
amount.
Recoverable amount is higher of an asset s fair value less
costs of disposal and its value in use. Value in use is the
present value of estimated future cash flows expected to
arise from the continuing use of an asset or CGU and from
its disposal at the end of its useful life.
Impairment losses recognised in prior years are reversed
when there is an indication that the impairment losses
recognised no longer exist or have decreased. Such
reversals are recognised as an increase in carrying
amounts of assets to the extent that IT does not exceed the
carrying amounts that would have been determined (net of
amortization or depreciation) had no impairment loss been
recognised in previous years.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable
value. The cost is calculated on weighted average method.
Cost comprises expenditure incurred in the normal course
of business in bringing such inventories to their present
location and condition and includes, where applicable,
appropriate overheads based on normal level of activity.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price less
estimated costs for completion and sale.
Obsolete, slow moving and defective inventories are
identified from time to time and, where necessary, a
provision is made for such inventories.
Foreign Currency Transactions
The functional and presentation currency of the Company
is Indian Rupee.
Transactions in foreign currency are accounted for at
the exchange rate prevailing on the transaction date.
Gains / losses arising on settlement, as also on translation
of monetary items are recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss.
Exchange differences arising on monetary items that, in
substance, form part of the Company s net investment in
a foreign operation (having a functional currency other
than Indian Rupee) are recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in Foreign Currency Translation
Reserve.
Derivatives and Hedge Accounting
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end
of each reporting period. The resulting gains / losses are
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately
unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
hedging instrument, in which case the resulting gain / loss
is recognised as per the hedge accounting principles
stated below.
The Company complies with the principles of hedge
accounting where derivative contracts and / or
non-derivative financial assets / liabilities that are permitted
under applicable accounting standards are designated
as hedging instruments. At the inception of the hedge
relationship, the Company documents the relationship
between the hedging instrument and the hedged item,
along with the risk management objectives and its strategy
for undertaking hedge transaction, which can be a fair value
hedge or a cash flow hedge.
(i) Fair value hedges

Changes in fair value of the designated portion of
hedging instruments that qualify as fair value hedges
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
immediately, together with any changes in the fair value
of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the
hedged risk. Such fair value changes are recognised in
the line item relating to the hedged item in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.

for hedge accounting. The fair value adjustment to the
carrying amount of the hedged item arising from the
hedged risk is included in the Statement of Profit and
Loss from that date.
(ii) Cash flow hedges

The effective portion of changes in the fair value
of hedging instruments that are designated and
qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in the
other comprehensive income and accumulated as
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve . The gains / losses relating
to the ineffective portion are recognised immediately in
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 139

Amounts previously recognised and accumulated in
other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
or loss when the hedged item affects the Statement
of Profit and Loss. However, when the hedged item
results in the recognition of a non-financial asset, such
gains / losses are transferred from equity (but not as
reclassification adjustment) and included in the initial
measurement cost of the non-financial asset.

for hedge accounting. Any gains / losses recognised
in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
equity at that time remain in equity and is reclassified
when the underlying transaction is ultimately recognised.
When an underlying transaction is no longer expected
to occur, the gains / losses accumulated in equity
are recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit
and Loss.
Investment in Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint
Ventures
Investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
are carried at cost less accumulated impairment, if any.
Financial instruments, Financial assets, Financial
liabilities and Equity instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when
the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions
of the relevant instrument and are initially measured at fair
value except for trade receivables that do not contain a
significant financing component, which are measured at
transaction price.
Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities
measured at fair value through profit or loss) are added
to or deducted from the fair value on initial recognition of
financial assets or financial liabilities. Purchase or sale of
financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time
frame established by regulation or convention in the market
place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade
date, i.e., the date when the Company commits to purchase
or sell the asset.
Financial Assets
Recognition: Financial assets include Investments, Trade
Receivables, Advances, Security Deposits, Cash and cash
equivalents. Such assets are initially recognised at fair value
or transaction price, as applicable, when the Company
becomes party to contractual obligations. The transaction
price includes transaction costs unless the asset is being
fair valued through the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Classification: Management determines the classification
of an asset at initial recognition depending on the purpose
for which the assets were acquired. The subsequent
measurement of financial assets depends on such
classification.
Financial assets are classified as those measured at:
(a) amortised cost, where the financial assets are held
solely for collection of cash flows arising from payments
of principal and / or interest.
(b) fair value through other comprehensive income
(FVTOCI), where the financial assets are held not only
for collection of cash flows arising from payments of
principal and interest but also from the sale of such
assets. Such assets are subsequently measured at fair
value, with unrealised gains and losses arising from
changes in the fair value being recognised in other
(c) fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), where the
assets are managed in accordance with an approved
investment strategy that triggers purchase and sale
decisions based on the fair value of such assets.
Such assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
Unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in
the fair value, including interest income and dividend
income, if any, are recognised in other income in the
Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which
they arise.
Trade Receivables, Advances, Security Deposits, Cash
and cash equivalents etc. are classified for measurement
at amortised cost while investments may fall under any
of the aforesaid classes. However, in respect of particular
investments in equity instruments that would otherwise
be measured at fair value through profit or loss, an
irrevocable election at initial recognition may be made to
present subsequent changes in fair value through other
Impairment: The Company assesses at each reporting
date whether a financial asset (or a group of financial
assets) such as investments, trade receivables, advances
and security deposits held at amortised cost and financial
assets that are measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income are tested for impairment based
on evidence or information that is available without undue
cost or effort. Expected credit losses are assessed and loss
allowances recognised if the credit quality of the financial
asset has deteriorated significantly since initial recognition.
Reclassification: When and only when the business
model is changed, the Company shall reclassify all
affected financial assets prospectively from the
reclassification date as subsequently measured at
amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive
income or fair value through profit or loss without restating
the previously recognised gains, losses or interest and
in terms of the reclassification principles laid down in the
Ind AS relating to Financial Instruments.
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Derecognition: Financial assets are derecognised when
the right to receive cash flows from the assets has expired,
or has been transferred, and the Company has transferred
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership.
Concomitantly, if the asset is one that is measured at:
(a) amortised cost, the gain or loss is recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss;
(b) fair value through other comprehensive income, the
cumulative fair value adjustments previously taken to
reserves are reclassified to the Statement of Profit and
Loss unless the asset represents an equity investment,
in which case the cumulative fair value adjustments
previously taken to reserves are reclassified within
equity.
Income Recognition: Interest income is recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest
method. Dividend income is recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss when the right to receive dividend is
established.
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities
are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently
measured at amortised cost (other than those mandatorily
measured at fair value). Any discount or premium on
redemption / settlement is recognised in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as finance cost over the life of the liability
using the effective interest method and adjusted to the
liability figure disclosed in the Balance Sheet.
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is
extinguished, that is, when the contractual obligation is
discharged, cancelled or on expiry.
Offsetting Financial Instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount
is included in the Balance Sheet where there is a legally
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and
there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Equity Instruments
Equity instruments are recognised at the value of the
proceeds, net of direct costs of the capital issue.
Revenue
Revenue is measured at the transaction price that the
Company receives or expects to receive as consideration
for goods supplied and services rendered, net of returns
and estimates of variable consideration such as discounts
to customers. Revenue from the sale of goods is shown to
include Excise Duties and National Calamity Contingent
Duty which are payable on manufacture of goods but
excludes taxes such as VAT and Goods and Services Tax
which are payable in respect of sale of goods and services.
Revenue from the sale of goods and services is recognised
when the Company performs its obligations to its customers
and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably and
recovery of the consideration is probable. The timing of such
recognition in case of sale of goods is when the control over
the same is transferred to the customer, which is mainly
upon delivery and in case of services, in the period in which
such services are rendered.
Government Grant
The Company may receive government grants that require
compliance with certain conditions related to the Company s
operating activities or are provided to the Company by
way of financial assistance on the basis of certain
qualifying criteria.
Government grants are recognised when there is
reasonable assurance that the grant will be received upon
the Company complying with the conditions attached to the
grant. Accordingly, government grants:
(a) related to or used for assets, are deducted from the
carrying amount of the asset.
(b) related to incurring specific expenditures are taken to
the Statement of Profit and Loss on the same basis and
in the same periods as the expenditures incurred.
(c) by way of financial assistance on the basis of certain
qualifying criteria are recognised in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as they become receivable.
In the unlikely event that a grant previously recognised is
ultimately not received, IT is treated as a change in estimate
and the amount cumulatively recognised is expensed in the
Dividend Distribution
Dividends paid (including income tax thereon, if any) are
recognised in the period in which the interim dividends are
approved by the Board of Directors, or in respect of the final
dividend when approved by the shareholders.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits are expensed in the period
in which the employee renders the related service on an
undiscounted basis. A liability is recognised for the amount
expected to be paid within twelve months, if the Company
has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay the
same as a result of past service provided by the employee
and the obligation can be reliably estimated.
The Company makes contributions to both defined benefit
and defined contribution schemes which are mainly
administered through duly constituted and approved trusts.
Provident Fund contributions are in the nature of defined
contribution scheme. In respect of employees who are
members of constituted and approved trusts, the Company
recognises contribution payable to such trusts as an expense
including any shortfall in interest between the amount of
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 141
interest realised by the investment and the interest payable
to members at the rate declared by the Government of
India. In respect of other employees, provident funds are
deposited with the Government administered funds and
recognised as expense.
The Company makes contribution to defined contribution
pension plan. The contribution payable is recognised as an
expense, when an employee renders the related service.
The Company also makes contribution to defined benefit
pension and gratuity plan. The cost of providing benefits
under the defined benefit obligation is calculated by
independent actuary using the projected unit credit method.
Service costs and net interest expense or income is
reflected in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Gain or Loss
on account of remeasurements are recognised immediately
through other comprehensive income in the period in which
they occur.
The employees of the Company are entitled to compensated
leave for which the Company records the liability based on
actuarial valuation computed using projected unit credit
method. These benefits are unfunded.
Actual disbursements made under the Workers Voluntary
Retirement Scheme are accounted as revenue expenses.
Employee Share Based Compensation
Equity Settled Share Based Payment Plans
Equity settled Stock Options / Stock Appreciation Rights
( ESARs ) are granted to eligible employees under
the ITC Employee Stock Option Schemes ( ITC ESOS ) and
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme
( ITC ESAR ), as may be decided by the Nomination &
Compensation Committee / Board. Further, eligible
employees of the Company have been granted equity
settled Stock Options under the ITC Hotels Special Purpose
Employee Stock Option Scheme ( ITCHL SP ESOS ),
in terms of the Scheme of Arrangement between the
Company and ITC Hotels Limited, and their respective
shareholders and creditors .
Under Ind AS, the cost of equity settled Stock Options /
ESARs is recognised based on the fair value of Stock
Options / ESARs as on the grant date.
The fair value of Stock Options / ESARs granted to the
employees of the Company is recognised as employee
benefits expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss over the
period in which the performance and / or service conditions
are fulfilled with a corresponding credit in equity for ITC
ESOS / ITC ESAR and recognised as a financial liability for
ITCHL SP ESOS. The fair value of Stock Options / ESARs,
net of recoveries, granted to employees on deputation or
secondment and to employees of the group companies is
considered as capital contribution / investment.
The Company generally recovers the fair value of Stock
Options / ESARs from such group companies, as applicable.
IT may, if recommended by the Corporate Management
Committee and approved by the Audit Committee, decide
not to seek such recovery from:
(a) wholly owned subsidiaries who need to conserve
financial capacity to sustain their business and growth
plans and to address contingencies that may arise,
taking into account the economic and market conditions
then prevailing and opportunities and threats in the
competitive context.
(b) other companies not covered under (a) above, who
need to conserve financial capacity to sustain their
business and growth plans and where the quantum of
reimbursement is not material - the materiality threshold
being ` 5 Crores for each entity for a financial year.
Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward (SAR)
Plan
Cash Settled SAR units have been granted to eligible
employees under the ITC Employee Cash Settled Stock
Appreciation Linked Reward Plan, as may be decided by the
CMC / Nomination & Compensation Committee / Board.
For such Cash Settled SAR units, a liability is initially
measured at fair value on the grant date and is subsequently
remeasured at each reporting period, until settled. The fair
value of Cash Settled SAR units granted is recognised
as employee benefits expense in the Statement of Profit
service conditions are fulfilled for employees of the
Company. In case of Cash Settled SAR units granted to
employees on deputation or secondment and to employees
of the group companies, the Company generally recovers
the fair value of Cash Settled SAR units from the concerned
group companies.
Leases
The Company assesses at contract inception whether a
contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
lease if IT conveys the right to control the use of an identified
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Company as a Lessee
Right-of-use (ROU) assets are recognised at inception of a
contract or arrangement for significant lease components
at cost less lease incentives, if any. ROU assets are
subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
The cost of ROU assets includes the amount of lease
liabilities recognised, initial direct cost incurred and lease
payments made at or before the lease commencement date.
ROU assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of
the lease term and estimated useful lives of the underlying
assets on a straight-line basis. Lease term is determined
based on consideration of facts and circumstances that
create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
option, or not to exercise a termination option. Lease
payments associated with short-term leases (i.e., those
leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
commencement date and do not contain a purchase option)
and low value leases (i.e., where the value of the underlying
asset, when new, in order of magnitude is ` 5 lakhs or
less) are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss on a
straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
The Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the
present value of lease payments to be made on the date
of recognition of the lease. Such lease liabilities do not
include variable lease payments (that do not depend on
an index or a rate), which are recognised as expense in
the periods in which they are incurred. Interest on lease
liability is recognised using the effective interest method.
Lease liabilities are subsequently increased to reflect the
accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments
made. The carrying amount of lease liabilities is also
remeasured upon modification of lease arrangement or
upon change in the assessment of the lease term. The
effect of such remeasurements is adjusted to the value of
the ROU assets.
Company as a Lessor
Leases in which the Company does not transfer substantially
all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset are
classified as operating leases. Where the Company is a
lessor under an operating lease, the asset is capitalised
within property, plant and equipment or investment property
and depreciated over its useful economic life. Payments
received under operating leases are recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis over
the term of the lease.
Taxes on Income
Taxes on income comprise current taxes and deferred
taxes. Current tax in the Statement of Profit and Loss is
provided as the amount of tax payable in respect of taxable
income for the period using tax rates and tax laws enacted
during the period, together with any adjustment to tax
payable in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and
the amounts used for taxation purposes (tax base), at the
tax rates and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted by
the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for the future tax
consequences to the extent IT is probable that future
taxable profits will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences can be utilised.
Income tax, insofar as IT relates to items disclosed under
other comprehensive income or equity, is disclosed
separately under other comprehensive income or equity,
as applicable.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is
legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the
same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities
are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to
offset and intends either to settle on net basis, or to realise
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Claims
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
are disclosed after a careful evaluation of the facts and
legal aspects of the matter involved.
Provisions
Provisions are recognised when, as a result of a past
event, the Company has a legal or constructive obligation;
IT is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation; and the amount can be reliably
estimated. The amount so recognised is a best estimate
of the consideration required to settle the obligation at the
reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
surrounding the obligation.
In an event when the time value of money is material, the
provision is carried at the present value of the cash flows
estimated to settle the obligation.
Operating Segments
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent
with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
decision-maker (CODM). The CODM, who is responsible
for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
operating segments, has been identified as the Corporate
Management Committee.
Segments are organised based on businesses which
have similar economic characteristics as well as exhibit
similarities in nature of products and services offered,
the nature of production processes, the type and class of
customer and distribution methods.
Segment revenue arising from third party customers is
reported on the same basis as revenue in the financial
statements. Inter-segment revenue is reported on the basis
of transactions which are primarily market led. Segment
results represent profits before finance costs, unallocated
corporate expenses and taxes.
Unallocated Corporate Expenses include revenue and
expenses that relate to initiatives / costs attributable to the
enterprise as a whole.
Financial and Management Information Systems
The Company s Accounting System is designed to unify
the Financial and Cost Records and also to comply with the
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to provide
financial and cost information appropriate to the businesses
and facilitate Internal Control.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 143
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
2. Use of estimates and judgements
with generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the results of operations during the
reporting period end. Although these estimates are based
upon management s best knowledge of current events and
actions, actual results could differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised
if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
A. Judgements in applying accounting policies
The judgements, apart from those involving estimations
(see note B below), that the Company has made in the
process of applying its accounting policies and that have
a significant effect on the amounts recognised in these
financial statements pertain to useful life of intangible
assets. The Company is required to determine whether
its intangible assets have indefinite or finite life which is
a subject matter of judgement. Certain trademarks have
been considered as having an indefinite useful life taking
into account that there are no technical, technological or
commercial risks of obsolescence or limitations under
contract or law. Other intangible assets have been
amortised over their useful economic life. Refer notes to
the financial statements.
B. Key sources of estimation uncertainty
The following are the key assumptions concerning the
future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk
of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

1. Useful lives of property, plant and equipment,
investment property and intangible assets:

As described in the material accounting policies,
the Company reviews the estimated useful lives of
property, plant and equipment, investment property
and intangible assets at the end of each reporting
period and the impact of changes in the estimated
useful life is considered in the period in which the
estimate is revised.

2. Fair value measurements and valuation
processes:

Some of the Company s assets and liabilities
are measured at fair value for financial reporting
purposes. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a
liability, the Company uses market-observable data
to the extent IT is available. Where Level 1 inputs
are not available, the Company engages third party
valuers, where required, to perform the valuation.
Information about the valuation techniques and
inputs used in determining the fair value of various
assets, liabilities and share based payments are
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

3. Actuarial Valuation

The determination of Company s liability towards
defined benefit obligation to employees is made
through independent actuarial valuation including
determination of amounts to be recognised in
the Statement of Profit and Loss and in Other
Comprehensive Income. Such valuation depends
upon assumptions determined after taking into
account inflation, seniority, promotion and other
relevant factors such as supply and demand factors
in the employment market. Information about such
valuation is provided in the notes to the financial
statements.

4. Claims, Provisions and Contingent Liabilities

The Company has ongoing litigations with various
regulatory authorities and third parties. Where an
outflow of funds is believed to be probable and a
reliable estimate of the outcome of the dispute can
be made based on management s assessment of
specific circumstances of each dispute and relevant
external advice, management provides for its best
estimate of the liability. Such accruals are by nature
complex and can take number of years to resolve
and can involve estimation uncertainty. Information
about such litigations is provided in the notes to the

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
(` in Crores)
(` in Crores)
Notes
1. a) The above includes following assets given on operating lease:
b) The amount of expenditure recognised in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment in the course of construction is ` 31.56 Crores (2025 - ` 72.55 Crores).
2.
Land includes certain lands at Munger with Gross Block ` 1.16 Crores (2025 - ` 1.16 Crores) which stood vested with the State of Bihar under the Bihar Land Reforms Act, 1950 for which
compensation has not yet been determined.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
# Includes amounts transferred to / from Investment Property on change in use.
* Refer Note 29(ix)

& includes Nil (2025 - ` 226.95 Crores) relating to discontinued operations.
^ Also refer Note 29(vii)
Gross Block
Particulars
As at
Additions
Withdrawals
adjustments #
Transferred
Scheme
of Demerger
of Hotels
As at
Acquired
Business
Combination*
Additions
Withdrawals
As at
3A. Property, Plant and Equipment 1
Land 2
2005.14
58.31
3.92
930.28
1129.25
6.12
141.94
7.06
1270.25
Buildings
9993.02
401.44
62.65
3563.11
6768.70
0.14
184.54
(2.38)
6955.76
Leasehold Improvements
21.74
0.83
0.16
7.56
14.85
-
1.44
1.96
14.33
Plant and Equipment
19749.51
1224.89
186.03
2427.80
18360.57
9.11
1047.32
112.31
19304.69
Furniture and Fixtures
1038.74
35.67
6.47
806.17
261.77
0.36
23.06
1.86
283.33
Vehicles
158.39
23.61
18.46
48.99
114.55
0.02
11.12
10.47
115.22
Office Equipment
36.32
9.55
1.30
1.31
43.26
-
5.17
1.64
46.79
Railway Sidings
1.73
-
1.73
-
0.01
1.72
TOTAL
33004.59
1754.30
278.99
7785.22
26694.68
15.75
1414.59
132.93
27992.09
1077.97
1738.49
1715.95
32.72
1067.79
-
1781.60
1376.83
1472.56
3C. Investment Property 3
452.03
1.75
(51.67)
-
505.45
-
8.81
496.64
3D. Goodwill 4
577.88
-
577.88
30.37
-
608.25
3E. Other Intangible assets (acquired)

Trademarks
1889.78
-
1889.78
161.00
-
2050.78

Trademarks
30.57
-
30.57
-
365.41
-
395.98

Computer Software
348.36
25.51
4.65
58.95
310.27
-
12.22
1.07
321.42

Know How, Business and Commercial Rights
56.40
3.77
-
3.77
56.40
-
3.03
-
59.43

Customer Relationships
35.21
-
35.21
-
35.21

Sourcing Network
-
52.00
-
52.00
TOTAL
2360.32
29.28
4.65
62.72
2322.23
213.00
380.66
1.07
2914.82
9.07
21.17
25.68
1.65
2.91
-
90.25
11.54
81.62
Land
525.53
0.07
0.32
95.16
430.12
-
15.73
111.53
334.32
Buildings
343.45
63.14
90.41
102.69
213.49
6.71
16.61
27.27
209.54
Plant and Equipment
41.83
-
9.86
-
31.97
-
31.97
TOTAL
910.81
63.21
100.59
197.85
675.58
6.71
32.34
138.80
575.83
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2025
As at 31st March, 2026
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation
Net Block
Depreciation
Charge
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation
Net Block
Depreciation
Charge
Land
1.48
-
1.48
-
1.48
-
1.48
-
Buildings
1.82
1.07
0.75
0.55
48.58
3.23
45.35
1.17
Plant and Equipment
285.90
196.72
89.18
12.95
308.20
205.13
103.07
12.81
TOTAL
289.20
197.79
91.41
13.50
358.26
208.36
149.90
13.98

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 145
(` in Crores)
$As per the contractual arrangements, the Company is responsible for the maintenance of common area at its own cost. The expenses arising out of such arrangements are not material.
3.
The fair value of the investment property is ` 1662.17 Crores (2025 - ` 1647.41 Crores). The fair value has been determined on the basis of valuation carried out at the reporting date by registered
valuer as defined under Rule 2 of Companies (Registered Valuers and Valuation) Rules, 2017 and the same has been categorised as Level 2 based on the valuation techniques used and inputs
applied. The main inputs considered by the valuer are government rates, property location, market research & trends, contracted rentals, terminal yields, discount rates and comparable values,
as appropriate.

Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of the investment property is as under:
4.
Assets with indefinite life pertain to the FMCG - Others Segment and are related to the Branded Packaged Foods and Personal Care Products businesses of the Company.

Impairment testing for goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives has been carried out considering their recoverable amounts which, inter-alia, includes estimation of their value-in-use
based on management projections. These projections have been made for a period of five years, or longer, as applicable and consider various factors, such as market scenario, growth trends, growth
and margin projections, and terminal growth rates specific to the business.

For such projections, discount rate of 10% (2025 - 10%) and long-term growth rates ranging between 5% to 6% (2025 - 5% to 6%) have been considered. Discount rate has been determined
considering the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) of market benchmarks.

Based on the above assessment, no impairment has been recognised during the year. Further, the Company has also performed sensitivity analysis around the base assumptions and has concluded
that there are no reasonably possible changes to key assumptions that would cause the carrying amount of the aforesaid assets to exceed their recoverable values.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Depreciation and Amortization
Net Book Value
Particulars
Upto
For
the year &
On
Withdrawals
Transferred
Scheme
of Demerger
of Hotels
Upto
For
On
Withdrawals
Upto
As at
As at
3A. Property, Plant and Equipment 1
Land 2
-
1270.25
1129.25
Buildings
1589.30
244.18
12.41
414.86
1406.21
200.63
2.00
1604.84
5350.92
5362.49
Leasehold Improvements
9.06
0.81
0.14
5.14
4.59
0.78
0.02
5.35
8.98
10.26
Plant and Equipment
8668.85
1212.84
155.64
1131.94
8594.11
1113.82
96.72
9611.21
9693.48
9766.46
Furniture and Fixtures
617.67
70.84
5.13
521.74
161.64
18.91
1.85
178.70
104.63
100.13
Vehicles
78.46
15.49
11.30
26.72
55.93
11.79
7.16
60.56
54.66
58.62
Office Equipment
23.98
3.18
1.10
1.24
24.82
4.08
0.62
28.28
18.51
18.44
Railway Sidings
1.17
0.13
-
1.30
0.13
0.01
1.42
0.30
0.43
TOTAL
10988.49
1547.47
185.72
2101.64
10248.60
1350.14
108.38
11490.36
16501.73
16446.08
-
1472.56
1067.79
3C. Investment Property 3
78.94
15.39
(11.23)
-
105.56
15.13
2.08
118.61
378.03
399.89
3D. Goodwill 4
-
608.25
577.88
3E. Other Intangible assets (acquired)

Trademarks
-
2050.78
1889.78

Trademarks
26.72
2.28
-
29.00
11.98
-
40.98
355.00
1.57

Computer Software
230.47
35.18
4.65
47.75
213.25
33.15
1.07
245.33
76.09
97.02

Know How, Business and Commercial Rights
31.20
4.28
-
0.13
35.35
3.67
-
39.02
20.41
21.05

Customer Relationships
16.19
4.40
-
20.59
4.40
-
24.99
10.22
14.62

Sourcing Network
-
5.94
-
5.94
46.06
-
TOTAL
304.58
46.14
4.65
47.88
298.19
59.14
1.07
356.26
2558.56
2024.04
-
81.62
2.91
Land
37.25
7.45
0.03
12.74
31.93
5.17
6.75
30.35
303.97
398.19
Buildings
131.31
48.74
85.94
6.71
87.40
42.02
25.94
103.48
106.06
126.09
Plant and Equipment
20.56
3.69
9.86
-
14.39
2.39
-
16.78
15.19
17.58
TOTAL
189.12
59.88
95.83
19.45
133.72
49.58
32.69
150.61
425.22
541.86
Particulars
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Rental Income etc. from investment property
194.54
156.54
Direct Operating Expenses arising from investment property that
generated rental income during the year $
21.09
19.45
Direct Operating Expenses arising from investment property that
did not generate rental income during the year
-
(` in Crores)

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
Capital work-in-progress (CWIP) ageing schedule
As at 31st March, 2025
As at 31st March, 2026

Particulars
Less than
More
Total
Less than
More
Total
Projects in Progress
803.32
172.34
61.25
30.88
1067.79
914.98
356.39
131.95
69.24
1472.56
-
TOTAL
803.32
172.34
61.25
30.88
1067.79
914.98
356.39
131.95
69.24
1472.56
Intangible assets under development (IAUD) ageing schedule
(` in Crores)
Note: There are no projects in CWIP and IAUD, which are overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan as at 31st March, 2026 and
31st March, 2025.
As at 31st March, 2025
As at 31st March, 2026

Particulars
Less than
More
Total
Less than
More
Total
Projects in Progress
2.34
0.57
-
2.91
80.04
1.58
-
81.62
-
TOTAL
2.34
0.57
-
2.91
80.04
1.58
-
81.62

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

In Subsidiaries (at cost)
Unquoted
1,59,98,385
16.00
1,59,98,385
16.00
Fully paid
59,74,54,177
619.29
59,74,54,177
619.29
` 6.50 per share paid
7,54,22,400
39.22
7,54,22,400
39.22
9,08,50,000
1014.06
9,08,50,000
1014.50
Surya Nepal Private Limited (Ordinary Shares)
Nepalese
Rupee (NRs)
2,45,95,200
164.37
2,37,88,800
10.15
Technico Pty Limited (Ordinary Shares)
( ` 16.29 Crores impaired)
1,00,15,502
31.88
1,00,15,502
31.88
3,79,62,800
121.00
3,79,62,800
121.00
75,00,000
7.50
75,00,000
7.50
12,00,00,000
120.00
12,00,00,000
120.00
5,54,80,000
55.48
5,54,80,000
55.48
Pavan Poplar Limited (under liquidation) [Refer Note 29(xii)]
(cost ` 5.99 Crores, fully impaired)
55,10,004
-
55,10,004
-
Prag Agro Farm Limited [Refer Note 29(xii)]
[Nil (2025 - ` 12.82 Crores) impaired]
-
1,28,00,020
-
33,50,00,000
335.00
29,00,00,000
290.00
4,20,60,166
42.10
4,20,60,166
42.10
Fyve Elements LLC [Refer Note 29(ix)]
94.00
-
Sresta Global FZE [Refer Note 29(ix)]
0.98
-
In Associates (at cost)
Quoted
83,00,00,000
4298.32
83,00,00,000
4298.32
Unquoted
Delectable Technologies Private Limited [Refer Note 29(xi)]
[Nil (2025 - ` 3.60 Crores) impaired]
-
2,386
-
[Refer Note 29(v)(b)]
11.54
0.96
Sproutlife Foods Private Limited [Refer Note 29(v)(b)]
2,443
40.33
2,443
40.33
Ample Foods Private Limited [Refer Note 29(v)(b)]
2,62,500
131.25
-
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 147
Carried over
7142.32
6706.73

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
7142.32
6706.73
INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Contd.)
In Joint Ventures (at cost)
Unquoted
Logix Developers Private Limited [Refer Note 29(viii)]
[cost ` 41.95 Crores, fully impaired]
77,66,913
-
77,66,913
-
In Others (at fair value through other comprehensive
income unless stated otherwise)
Quoted
EIH Limited
10,08,53,602
2758.85
10,08,53,602
3565.17
HLV Limited
5,34,13,884
30.55
5,34,13,884
64.20
Tourism Finance Corporation of India Limited
(2025 - `10)
1,25,000
0.79
25,000
0.42
VST Industries Limited
5,236
0.10
5,236
0.14
Unquoted
Andhra Pradesh Gas Power Corporation Limited
8,04,000
-
8,04,000
-
Bihar Hotels Limited
8,00,000
0.04
8,00,000
0.04
Woodlands Multispeciality Hospital Limited
13,605
0.01
13,605
0.01
3.64
INVESTMENT IN PREFERENCE SHARES
In Subsidiaries (at amortised cost unless stated
Unquoted
(Cumulative Non-Convertible Redeemable
Preference Shares)
2,20,00,000
220.00
2,20,00,000
220.00
In Associates (at cost)
Unquoted
Delectable Technologies Private Limited [Refer Note 29(xi)]
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares)
[Nil (2025 - ` 7.40 Crores) impaired]
-
7,759
-
Mother Sparsh Baby Care Private Limited [Refer Note 29(v)(b)]
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares)
6,038
84.04
3,837
44.04
Sproutlife Foods Private Limited [Refer Note 29(v)(b)]
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares)
10,984
214.67
10,984
214.67
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Carried over
10455.01
10819.06
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Carried over
10657.72
11150.82
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 149
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
10455.01
10819.06
INVESTMENT IN PREFERENCE SHARES (Contd.)
In Others (at fair value through profit or loss)
Unquoted
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative
Preference Shares)
3,399
30.75
3,232
29.33
INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST SECURITIES
(at amortised cost)
Quoted
Government of India Zero Coupon Government Stock
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2026
-
10,20,000
9.47
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2026
-
63,54,400
58.14
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Dec-2026
-
10,20,000
9.15
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Feb-2027
-
40,11,000
35.44
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2027
31,17,000
28.84
31,17,000
27.01
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2027
48,54,400
44.22
48,54,400
41.37
Unquoted
Government Securities - cost ` 70000.00
0.01
National Savings Certificates (pledged with various
Mandi Samitis) (cost ` 6000.00)

INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST SECURITIES
Quoted
Government of India Stock
6.33% - Government Stock - 05-May-2035
25,00,000
24.01
-
6.48% - Government Stock - 06-Oct-2035
5,00,000
4.81
-
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Quoted
Tax Free Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
7.39% - Series 2A - 08-Feb-2031
1,000
7,00,696
70.07
7,00,696
70.07
8.20% - Series 2 - 05-Mar-2027
1,000
-
5,00,000
51.77

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
10657.72
11150.82
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited
7.36% - Series II - 22-Jan-2028
1,000
3,00,000
30.69
3,00,000
31.04
8.26% - Series V B - 23-Aug-2028
10,00,000
1,175
120.05
1,175
121.05
8.46% - Series VI B - 30-Aug-2028
10,00,000
1,300
134.19
1,300
135.79
8.48% - Series VII B - 05-Sep-2028
10,00,000
1,780
182.52
1,780
184.24
7.34% - Series 86A - 19-Feb-2028
1,000
1,00,000
10.26
1,00,000
10.39
8.48% - Series 89A - 21-Nov-2028
10,00,000
1,250
128.17
1,250
129.22
8.55% - Series 94A - 12-Feb-2029
10,00,000
13.37
13.49
National Highways Authority of India
7.28% - Series NHAI - II B - 18-Sep-2030
10,00,000
2,500
250.00
2,500
250.00
7.35% - Series II A - 11-Jan-2031
1,000
17,49,943
179.79
17,49,943
180.62
8.50% - Series II A - 05-Feb-2029
1,000
5,00,000
52.94
5,00,000
53.87
8.75% - Series II B - 05-Feb-2029
1,000
2,50,000
26.72
2,50,000
27.26
National Housing Bank
8.46% - Series V - 30-Aug-2028
10,00,000
81.76
82.44
8.46% - Series 107B - 30-Aug-2028
10,00,000
51.10
51.53
8.54% - Series 2A - 16-Nov-2028
1,000
3,50,000
37.22
3,50,000
38.00
8.46% - Series 3B - 29-Aug-2028
10,00,000
1,190
123.01
1,190
124.54
8.46% - Series 2A - 24-Sep-2028
1,000
3,50,000
37.06
3,50,000
37.81
8.54% - Series 4B - 11-Oct-2028
10,00,000
5.12
5.17
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development
7.49% - Series 24 B - 15-Oct-2026
1,00,000
-
10,000
99.36
7.62% - Series 23 I - 31-Jan-2028
1,00,000
19,000
189.31
19,000
189.02
7.62% - Series 24 H - 10-May-2029
1,00,000
20,000
199.88
20,000
199.89
8.22% - Series PMAYG-PB-2 - 13-Dec-2028
10,00,000
1,550
157.12
1,550
157.83
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Carried over
12668.00
13273.38
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
12668.00
13273.38
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Small Industries Development Bank of India
7.43% - Series I - 31-Aug-2026
1,00,000
-
5,000
49.68
7.44% - Series II - 04-Sep-2026
1,00,000
-
5,000
49.69
7.68% - Series IX - 10-Aug-2027
1,00,000
30,000
299.83
30,000
299.92
7.79% - Series IV - 19-Apr-2027
1,00,000
30,000
299.85
30,000
300.15
7.79% - Series VI - 14-May-2027
1,00,000
25,000
249.74
25,000
249.82
7.83% - Series V - 24-Nov-2028
1,00,000
40,500
404.80
40,500
404.89
Perpetual Bonds - Unsecured, Subordinated &
Non-Convertible #
State Bank of India
7.72% - Series I (with first Call option 03-Sep-2026)
1,00,00,000
-
313.00
7.72% - Series II (with first Call option 18-Oct-2026)
1,00,00,000
-
400.00
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Quoted
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
6.44% - Series 1 - 27-Sep-2028
10,00,000
1,500
147.18
-
7.70% - Series US003 - 16-May-2028
1,00,000
6,000
60.51
-
8.44% - Series 1/ 2018-19 - 28-Dec-2028
10,00,000
1,500
154.16
-
9.05% - Series U001 - 16-Oct-2028
10,00,000
52.00
-
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development
6.85% - Series 26 B - 19-Jan-2029
1,00,000
5,000
49.58
-
7.40% - Series 25 D - 29-Apr-2030
1,00,000
5,000
50.09
-
7.48% - Series 25 G - 15-Sep-2028
1,00,000
37,500
365.98
-
7.53% - Series 25 E - 24-Mar-2028
1,00,000
20,000
196.34
-
7.62% - Series 23 I - 31-Jan-2028
1,00,000
10,000
100.80
-
Carried over
15098.86
15340.53
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 151

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
15098.86
15340.53
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
comprehensive income) (Contd.)
6.64% - Series 250 B - 15-Jul-2030
1,00,000
5,000
48.96
-
7.60% - Series 237 A - 13-Apr-2029
1,00,000
7,500
75.83
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India
6.66% - Series I - 25-Oct-2028
1,00,000
15,000
147.96
-
7.34% - Series III - 26-Feb-2029
1,00,000
10,000
100.39
-
7.49% - Series VIII - 11-Jun-2029
1,00,000
15,000
151.24
-
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS (at amortised cost)
Quoted
Fixed Maturity Plans*
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
2,19,98,900
28.02
2,19,98,900
26.37
DSP Mutual Fund
-
4,99,97,500
58.99
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,49,99,250
19.40
1,49,99,250
18.20
SBI Mutual Fund
5,49,97,250
70.08
21,19,89,401
255.96
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS
Quoted
Exchange Traded Funds**
Axis Mutual Fund
-
5,50,00,000
68.84
Edelweiss Mutual Fund
1,000
28,65,706
447.56
-
Nippon India Mutual Fund
6,34,26,359
81.07
12,84,26,359
915.01
Unquoted
Target Maturity Index Funds**
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
49,83,64,060
647.08
86,52,07,440
1050.21
Axis Mutual Fund
14,34,76,737
184.96
12,39,16,078
148.99
Bandhan Mutual Fund
-
4,24,53,511
54.21
DSP Mutual Fund
2,49,40,887
32.45
4,76,41,228
58.00
HDFC Mutual Fund
7,61,50,000
96.21
2,24,75,231
27.62
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
54,91,10,334
714.11
64,66,52,376
786.80
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Carried over
17944.18
18809.73
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current Investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
17944.18
18809.73
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS
(at fair value through other comprehensive income) (Contd.)
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
42,26,69,978
545.95
59,85,34,837
728.62
Nippon India Mutual Fund
31,14,04,896
397.73
28,00,48,239
334.51
SBI Mutual Fund
26,72,22,501
347.01
56,98,58,756
687.00
INVESTMENT IN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS
Unquoted
Avaana Sustainability Fund
1,000
60,115
6.23
41,178
3.85
Chiratae Ventures India Fund IV
1,00,000
1,430
17.36
1,421
20.53
Fireside Ventures Investments Fund I
1,00,000
1,060
31.67
1,182
37.61
Fireside Ventures Investments Fund II
1,000
1,81,050
37.95
1,87,606
31.10
Fireside Ventures Investments Fund III
1,00,000
1,455
17.85
1,000
9.49
India Foundation Fund Series I
9,00,000
8.82
8,39,020
8.37
Roots Ventures I
8,44,147
27.59
9,36,923
21.86
Stride Ventures Debt Fund 4
1,00,000
1,500
15.00
-
Together Fund II IFSC
$1000
11.71
-
12872.21
13763.75
6536.84
6928.92
TOTAL
19409.05
20692.67
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 153
Aggregate market value of quoted investments ` 20090.64 Crores (2025 - ` 25924.28 Crores).
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments ` 64.23 Crores (2025 - ` 88.05 Crores).
# Additional Tier 1 bonds, which are perpetual in nature, are issued by commercial banks under Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
These have been classified as debt instruments by the Company based on the substantive characteristics of the contract.
* Investments in Fixed Maturity Plans (FMPs) that are intended to be held by the Company till maturity are classified as amortised
cost. The underlying instruments in the portfolio of these FMPs have minimal churn and are held to receive contractual cashflows.
** Exchange Traded / Target Maturity Index Funds follow a passive buy and hold investment strategy to receive contractual cashflows
except for meeting redemption and rebalancing requirements. Investment in such funds are classified as FVTOCI as cash flows

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
5. Loans

Other Loans - Employees

- Unsecured, considered good
7.95
3.69
8.96
6.28

TOTAL
7.95
3.69
8.96
6.28
* Include deposits to Directors and Key Management Personnel ` 0.01 Crore (2025 - ` 0.01 Crore) (Refer Note 31).
** Comprise receivables on account of government grants, claims, rentals, derivatives etc.
6. Other Financial Assets

Security Deposits *
26.78
73.77
27.97
74.59

Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity
-
1250.00

Others

Deposits other than Security Deposits
1019.91
250.44
451.92
250.48

Interest accrued on Loans, Deposits, Investments etc.
409.76
-
322.82
-

Other Receivables **
496.00
-
462.17
-

TOTAL
1952.45
324.21
1264.88
1575.07

As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
7.
Other Assets

Capital Advances
-
171.86
-
68.33

Advances other than capital advances

Security Deposits

-
With Statutory Authorities
0.97
704.03
0.49
702.34

-
Others
0.19
65.50
0.19
65.43

Other Advances (including advances with statutory

authorities, prepaid expenses, employees etc.)
1330.90
68.16
885.34
76.02

Other Receivables ^
156.37
-
151.66
-

TOTAL
1488.43
1009.55
1037.68
912.12
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 155
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
^ Comprise receivables on account of government grants, withholding taxes etc.
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
8.
Inventories

(At lower of cost and net realisable value)

10644.31
10265.38

411.26
405.30

4930.52
2363.72

1216.47
1277.45

617.97
644.84

Intermediates - Tissue paper and Paperboards
111.37
104.32

TOTAL
17931.90
15061.01

The above includes goods in transit as under:

244.07
255.00

8.12
8.36

1.56
3.03

TOTAL
253.75
266.39
The cost of inventories recognised as an expense includes ` 351.44 Crores (2025 - ` 224.54 Crores) in respect of
write-offs / write-downs of inventory to net realisable value. During the year, reversal of previous write-downs of ` 2.17 Crores
(2025 - ` 1.31 Crores) have been made owing to subsequent increase in net realisable value.

Inventories of ` 1315.29 Crores (2025 - ` 886.65 Crores) are expected to be recovered more than twelve months after the
reporting period.

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST
SECURITIES
Quoted
Government of India Stock
6.01% - Government Stock - 21-Jul-2030
40,00,000
38.93
-
6.33% - Government Stock - 05-May-2035
55,00,000
52.83
-
6.48% - Government Stock - 06-Oct-2035
3,93,92,700
379.45
-
6.68% - Government Stock - 07-Jul-2040
1,25,00,000
116.71
-
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
DEBENTURES
Quoted
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development
5.70% - Series 22 D - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
2,800
275.19
7.25% - Series 23 C - 01-Aug-2025
10,00,000
-
1,000
98.75
7.35% - Series 23 B - 08-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
14.85
7.48% - Series 25 G - 15-Sep-2028
1,00,000
25,000
243.99
-
7.53% - Series 25 E - 24-Mar-2028
1,00,000
20,000
196.34
-
7.75% - Series 248A - 15-Apr-2026
1,00,000
20,000
199.99
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India
7.15% - Series II - 21-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
24.71
7.25% - Series III - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
74.07
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF DEBENTURES
Quoted
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
7.95% - Series I - 21-Sep-2026
10,00,000
4,313
432.27
-
8.46% - Series P016 - 15-Jun-2026
1,00,00,000
50.08
-
8.46% - Series P019 - 24-Jun-2026
1,00,00,000
50.07
-
Carried over
1760.66
487.57
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Carried over
5963.47
2657.42
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
1760.66
487.57
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF DEBENTURES
(at fair value through other comprehensive income) (Contd.)
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
7.58% - Series 23 H - 31-Jul-2026
1,00,000
25,000
249.94
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India
7.44% - Series II - 04-Sep-2026
1,00,000
25,000
250.00
-
INVESTMENT IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT
Unquoted
Axis Bank Limited - 16-Jul-2025
5,00,000
-
10,000
484.63
Axis Bank Limited - 17-Oct-2025
5,00,000
-
5,000
235.90
Axis Bank Limited - 18-Nov-2025
5,00,000
-
5,000
233.82
Axis Bank Limited - 30-Apr-2026
5,00,000
1,000
49.68
-
Axis Bank Limited - 15-May-2026
5,00,000
2,000
99.03
-
Canara Bank - 08-May-2026
5,00,000
20,000
991.81
-
Canara Bank - 15-May-2026
5,00,000
1,000
49.52
-
Canara Bank - 26-May-2026
5,00,000
1,500
74.10
-
HDFC Bank Limited - 25-Jul-2025
5,00,000
-
3,000
145.04
HDFC Bank Limited - 07-May-2026
5,00,000
6,500
322.42
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India - 20-May-2026
5,00,000
12,000
593.55
-
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS
Unquoted
Liquid Fund
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
8,831
2.71
10,696
3.08
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
1,000
22,485
1.00
22,485
0.95
Ultra Short Term Funds
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
2,12,42,676
1237.43
1,86,63,673
1015.34
HDFC Mutual Fund
8,69,46,234
140.79
-
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
4,48,44,111
140.83
1,74,13,815
51.09
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 157

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
5963.47
2657.42
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS (Contd.)
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
23,75,47,122
1107.13
23,75,47,122
1036.62
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,000
3,23,856
150.96
-
SBI Mutual Fund
1,000
2,47,159
157.24
2,47,159
147.37
Low Duration Funds
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
87,701
6.67
87,701
6.24
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
14,17,525
481.21
14,17,525
449.84
Bandhan Mutual Fund
7,34,11,386
302.78
7,34,11,386
284.06
DSP Mutual Fund
17,22,63,805
355.48
17,22,63,805
334.81
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
1,40,07,103
808.70
1,40,07,103
755.44
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
-
1,44,778
51.61
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,000
-
2,65,846
103.23
SBI Mutual Fund
1,000
19,73,814
748.73
21,18,791
753.41
Money Market Funds
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
79,39,132
311.35
40,95,539
150.50
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
20,57,053
311.07
20,57,053
291.12
Bandhan Mutual Fund
5,32,80,805
243.61
4,22,87,680
180.89
DSP Mutual Fund
8,84,89,866
501.95
28,79,974
15.33
HDFC Mutual Fund
1,000
7,47,666
456.26
7,47,666
427.20
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
13,41,688
636.59
6,53,754
290.46
LIC Mutual Fund
1,000
3,98,844
50.26
-
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,000
6,60,345
290.55
6,60,345
272.04
SBI Mutual Fund
6,33,58,708
294.66
6,33,58,708
276.12
UTI Mutual Fund
1,000
-
84,377
25.81
Floating Rate Funds
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
1,94,01,569
725.30
1,94,01,569
678.34
HDFC Mutual Fund
10,07,90,662
536.66
10,07,90,662
501.54
Nippon India Mutual Fund
6,22,64,756
307.99
6,22,64,756
288.73
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Carried over
14748.62
9978.13

Carried over
16380.70
12208.45
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
14748.62
9978.13
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS (Contd.)
Short Duration Funds
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
-
82,38,313
41.40
DSP Mutual Fund
-
2,31,36,440
114.32
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
-
1,94,81,292
109.13
Nippon India Mutual Fund
-
1,95,36,507
109.27
SBI Mutual Fund
5,40,50,081
191.41
5,40,50,081
179.96
Banking & PSU Debt Funds
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
31,86,227
881.71
31,86,227
833.77
Bandhan Mutual Fund
14,17,61,931
360.66
14,17,61,931
341.56
Corporate Bond Funds
HDFC Mutual Fund
-
1,58,86,798
51.67
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
2,42,40,779
78.68
4,30,40,789
131.43
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
-
2,98,810
114.92
SBI Mutual Fund
-
6,63,37,836
103.48
Current Portion of Non-current Investments
INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST
Quoted
Government of India Zero Coupon Government Stock
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2025
-
10,20,000
10.08
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2025
-
25,35,000
24.75
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Dec-2025
-
36,34,800
34.84
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 17-Dec-2025
-
6,02,300
5.77
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Feb-2026
-
25,35,000
23.97
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2026
10,20,000
10.07
-
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2026
63,54,400
61.97
-
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Dec-2026
10,20,000
9.75
-
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Feb-2027
40,11,000
37.83
-
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 159

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
16380.70
12208.45
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Quoted
Tax Free Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
7.07% - Series B - 01-Oct-2025
10,00,000
-
4,300
430.54
7.19% - Series A - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
15.04
8.20% - Series 2 - 05-Mar-2027
1,000
5,00,000
50.87
-
7.07% - Series 102 - 21-Dec-2025
1,000
-
70,498
7.08
7.15% - Series 100 - 21-Aug-2025
10,00,000
-
25.09
7.19% - Series 99 - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
2,250
225.11
National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development
7.07% - Series 1A - 25-Feb-2026
10,00,000
-
2,000
201.52
National Highways Authority of India
7.11% - Series NHAI - II A - 18-Sep-2025
10,00,000
-
2,600
260.14
7.14% - Series I A - 11-Jan-2026
1,000
-
8,06,381
80.90
7.16% - Series 136 - 17-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
60.12
7.17% - Series 5A - 23-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
85.21
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development
7.49% - Series 24 B - 15-Oct-2026
1,00,000
10,000
99.72
-
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Carried over
16531.29
13599.20
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
16531.29
13599.20
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Small Industries Development Bank of India
7.43% - Series I - 31-Aug-2026
1,00,000
5,000
49.87
-
7.44% - Series II - 04-Sep-2026
1,00,000
5,000
49.87
-
Perpetual Bonds - Unsecured, Subordinated &
Non-Convertible#
State Bank of India
7.72% - Series I (with first Call option 03-Sep-2026)
1,00,00,000
313.00
-
7.72% - Series II (with first Call option 18-Oct-2026)
1,00,00,000
400.00
-
Zero Coupon Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
LIC Housing Finance Limited
Tranche 416 - 25-Apr-2025
10,00,000
-
10,000
1211.85
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Quoted
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development
7.80% - Series 24 E - 15-Mar-2027
1,00,000
10,000
100.57
-
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS
(at amortised cost)
Quoted
Fixed Maturity Plans*
DSP Mutual Fund
4,99,97,500
63.27
-
SBI Mutual Fund
15,69,92,150
201.02
2,49,98,750
29.58
Carried over
17708.89
14840.63
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 161

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
17708.89
14840.63
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS
Quoted
Exchange Traded Funds**
Axis Mutual Fund
5,50,00,000
73.30
-
Edelweiss Mutual Fund
1,000
-
33,03,209
425.60
Nippon India Mutual Fund
6,50,00,000
891.82
-
Unquoted
Target Maturity Index Funds**
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
34,45,85,668
446.92
-
Axis Mutual Fund
-
1,98,53,868
23.71
SBI Mutual Fund
45,10,57,343
580.61
-
4673.53
3644.76
15028.01
11645.18
TOTAL
19701.54
15289.94
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Aggregate market value of quoted investments ` 4676.72 Crores (2025 - ` 3648.50 Crores).
#
Additional Tier 1 bonds, which are perpetual in nature, are issued by commercial banks under Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
These have been classified as debt instruments by the Company based on the substantive characteristics of the contract.
*
Investments in Fixed Maturity Plans (FMPs) that are intended to be held by the Company till maturity are classified as amortised
cost. The underlying instruments in the portfolio of these FMPs have minimal churn and are held to receive contractual cashflows.
** Exchange Traded / Target Maturity Index Funds follow a passive buy and hold investment strategy to receive contractual cashflows
except for meeting redemption and rebalancing requirements. Investment in such funds are classified as FVTOCI as cash flows
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 163
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Trade receivables ageing schedule
(` in Crores)
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
10. Trade receivables (Current)

Considered good - Secured
48.33
50.90

Considered good - Unsecured
2877.27
3859.89

Which have significant increase in Credit Risk
-

Credit impaired
150.96
154.67

Less: Allowance for credit impairment [Refer Note 32]
150.96
154.67

TOTAL
2925.60
3910.79
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered
1511.50
1369.14
17.17
27.46
0.33
-
2925.60
Undisputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Undisputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
0.22
8.87
16.68
1.19
30.03
56.99
Disputed Trade Receivables - considered good
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
0.03
1.52
8.07
1.39
82.96
93.97
SUB-TOTAL
1511.50
1369.39
27.56
52.21
2.91
112.99
3076.56
150.96
TOTAL
2925.60
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered
1609.82
2292.73
7.70
0.54
-
3910.79
Undisputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Undisputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
0.25
3.36
12.85
0.16
31.45
48.07
Disputed Trade Receivables - considered good
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
0.38
3.20
2.40
2.68
97.94
106.60
SUB-TOTAL
1609.82
2293.36
14.26
15.79
2.84
129.39
4065.46
154.67
TOTAL
3910.79

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
@ Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cheques, drafts on hand, cash at bank and deposits with banks with original
maturity of 3 months or less.
The Company does not have any cash and cash equivalents that are not available for use.
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
11. Cash and cash equivalents@

Balances with Banks

Current accounts
102.60
220.35

Cheques, drafts on hand
6.37
1.08

Cash on hand
1.05
0.98

TOTAL
110.02
222.41
* Includes balances towards unpaid dividend and unspent corporate social responsibility.
** Represents deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months having remaining maturity of less than 12 months from the
Balance Sheet date.
12. Bank Balances other than cash and cash equivalents

Earmarked balances*
268.66
264.84

In deposit accounts**
1756.84
2697.61

TOTAL
2025.50
2962.45

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 165
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
31st March, 2026
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
13. Equity Share capital

Authorised

Ordinary Shares of ` 1.00 each
20,00,00,00,000
2000.00
20,00,00,00,000
2000.00

Issued and Subscribed

Ordinary Shares of ` 1.00 each, fully paid
12,52,94,68,231
1252.95
12,51,41,19,781
1251.41

A) Reconciliation of number of

Ordinary Shares outstanding

As at beginning of the year
12,51,41,19,781
1251.41
12,48,47,21,471
1248.47

Add: Issue of Shares on exercise

of Stock Options
1,53,48,450
1.54
2,93,98,310
2.94

As at end of the year
12,52,94,68,231
1252.95
12,51,41,19,781
1251.41

B) Shareholders holding more than 5% of the Ordinary Shares in the Company
As at
31st March, 2026
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2026
(%)
As at
31st March, 2025
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2025
(%)

2,22,84,95,863
17.79
2,54,14,95,863
20.31

Life Insurance Corporation of India
1,98,32,05,253
15.83
1,94,17,50,542
15.52

Specified Undertaking of the

Unit Trust of India
97,45,31,427
7.78
97,45,31,427
7.79

C) Shareholding of Promoters: Nil

D) Ordinary Shares allotted as fully paid pursuant to contract(s) without payment being received in cash or as fully paid up

Bonus Shares during the period of five years immediately preceding 31st March: Nil

E) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to the Ordinary Shares

The Ordinary Shares of the Company, having par value of ` 1.00 per share, rank pari passu in all respects including voting rights and
entitlement to dividend.

F). Shares reserved for issue under Stock Options / Employee Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs)

Refer Note 29(xiv) for details on number of Stock Options / ESARs (including terms and conditions) against which Ordinary Shares
may be issued by the Company upon vesting and exercise of such Stock Options / ESARs, in accordance with the relevant Schemes.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Movement of Lease liabilities during the year

Particulars
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025

Opening Lease liabilities
154.99
308.69

New leases recognised
16.61
24.29

Remeasurements and withdrawals
(1.30)
(3.87)

Interest expense on Lease liabilities
11.97
21.76

Payment of Lease liabilities (including interest)
(53.80)
(69.24)

Assumed on Business Combination [Refer Note 29(ix)]
7.70
-

Transferred pursuant to Scheme of demerger of Hotels business
-
(126.64)

Closing Lease liabilities
136.17
154.99
* Refer Note 29(vii)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
14. Lease liabilities *

Lease liabilities
39.08
97.09
37.54
117.45

TOTAL
39.08
97.09
37.54
117.45
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
15. Other financial liabilities
Non-current
Others
(Includes payable towards employee benefits, property, plant and equipment,
intangibles, contingent consideration on business combination etc.)
352.94
87.89
TOTAL
352.94
87.89
Current
Interest accrued
2.06
1.92
Unpaid dividend*
268.30
259.28
Unpaid matured deposits and interest accrued thereon

Unpaid matured debentures / bonds and interest accrued thereon**
0.30
Others (Includes payable towards employee benefits, property, plant and
equipment, intangibles, derivatives, contingent consideration on business
combination etc.)
1328.13
1129.91
TOTAL
1598.79
1391.41
* Represents dividend amounts either not claimed or kept in abeyance in accordance with Section 126 of the Companies Act, 2013
or such amounts in respect of which Prohibitory / Attachment Orders are on record with the Company.
** Represents amounts which are subject matter of a pending legal dispute with a bank for which the Company has filed a suit.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 167
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
16. Provisions

Provision for employee benefits

Retirement benefits [Refer Note 29(vi)]
296.81
180.02
42.29
148.04

Other benefits
6.62
100.03
4.24
77.20

TOTAL
303.43
280.05
46.53
225.24
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
17. Deferred tax liabilities (Net)

Deferred tax liabilities
3718.54
3074.78

Less: Deferred tax assets
653.29
518.43

TOTAL
3065.25
2556.35
(` in Crores)
Movement in deferred tax liabilities / assets balances
Opening
Balance
Recognised
loss*
Recognised
in OCI
Recognised
Equity
Reclassified
Acquired
in Business
Combination
Closing
Balance
Deferred tax liabilities / assets in relation to:
On fiscal allowances on property, plant and equipment,
investment property etc.
1501.96
66.29
-
0.28
1568.53
On Excise Duty / National Calamity Contingent Duty on
closing stock
92.70
634.91
-
727.61
1480.12
74.90
(134.31)
-
1.69
1422.40
3074.78
776.10
(134.31)
-
1.97
3718.54
93.95
77.61
1.00
-
1.47
174.03
54.12
(0.79)
-
53.33
78.90
15.00
-
1.01
94.91
1.53
-
25.37
4.61
(17.62)
-
13.89
289.93
25.26
-
1.94
317.13
Total deferred tax assets
518.43
117.08
26.37
4.61
(17.62)
4.42
653.29
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
2556.35
659.02
(160.68)
(4.61)
17.62
(2.45)
3065.25
@

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
* includes Nil (2025 - ` 509.65 Crores) relating to discontinued operations.
@ Refer Note 29(ix)

Movement in deferred tax liabilities / assets balances
Opening
Balance
Recognised
loss*
Recognised
in OCI
Recognised
Equity
Reclassified
Transferred
Scheme of
Demerger
of Hotels
Closing
Balance
Deferred tax liabilities / assets in relation to:
On fiscal allowances on property, plant and equipment,
investment property etc.
1843.74
97.91
-
(439.69)
1501.96
On Excise Duty / National Calamity Contingent Duty on
closing stock
100.61
(7.91)
-
92.70
682.90
893.45
(67.56)
-
(0.75)
(27.92)
1480.12
2627.25
983.45
(67.56)
-
(0.75)
(467.61)
3074.78
121.53
(16.35)
3.75
-
(14.98)
93.95
57.10
(2.12)
-
(0.86)
54.12
73.25
15.81
-
(10.16)
78.90
(0.43)
-
4.85
(0.05)
(2.84)
-
1.53
292.14
29.66
-
(31.87)
289.93
Total deferred tax assets
543.59
27.00
8.60
(0.05)
(2.84)
(57.87)
518.43
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
2083.66
956.45
(76.16)
0.05
2.09
(409.74)
2556.35
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
18. Borrowings (Current)
Secured
Loans repayable on demand

Cash credit facilities from banks *
1.97
-
Unsecured
Loan from Banks

Working Capital Demand Loan
2000.00
-

Cash credit facilities
23.25
-
Deferred payment liabilities

Sales tax deferment loans ^
-
1.76
Other loans
1.00
-
TOTAL
2026.22
1.76
* Cash credit facilities are secured by hypothecation of inventories of the Company, both present and future. The quarterly
returns / statements filed by the Company with the bank(s) in respect of such facilities are in agreement with the books of accounts.
^ Interest free deferral period of 14 years and fully-paid during the year.
17. Deferred tax liabilities (Net) (Contd.)

(` in Crores)
(` in Crores)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 169
Trade Payables ageing schedule
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
201.19
-
201.19
Undisputed Dues - Others
1044.71
96.27
-
1.61
1142.59
Disputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
-
Disputed Dues - Others
-
0.28
SUB-TOTAL
1245.90
96.27
-
1.89
1344.06
Accrued Payables (not due)
- Micro and Small Enterprises
144.78
- Others
3783.06
TOTAL
5271.90
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
57.68
-
57.68
Undisputed Dues - Others
844.49
167.29
0.05
1.61
-
1013.44
Disputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
-
Disputed Dues - Others
-
0.28
SUB-TOTAL
902.17
167.29
0.05
1.61
0.28
1071.40
Accrued Payables (not due)
- Micro and Small Enterprises
120.58
- Others
3297.95
TOTAL
4489.93
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
19. Trade Payables (Current)

Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
345.97
178.26

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and

Small Enterprises
4925.93
4311.67

TOTAL
5271.90
4489.93

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
19. Trade Payables (Current) (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the

- On account of trade payables
345.97
178.26

- On account of liabilities other than trade payables
31.01
19.85

TOTAL
376.98
198.11
Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the
-
Amount of interest paid under MSMED Act, 2006 along with the amounts
of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during the
-
Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making
payment (which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year
but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006)
-
Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of
-
(f)
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding
year, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the
small enterprise
-
Disclosure under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 ( MSMED Act, 2006 )
There are no Micro and Small Enterprises to whom the Company owes dues, which are outstanding for more than 45 days during
the year and also as at 31st March, 2026. This information as required to be disclosed under the MSMED Act, 2006 has been de-
termined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company.
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
20. Other liabilities (Current)

Statutory Liabilities
3507.03
4746.21

Advances received from customers
1368.09
1357.09

Others (includes deferred revenue, accruals etc.)
22.72
25.82

TOTAL
4897.84
6129.12

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 171
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
21. Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

Current taxation (net of advance payment)
1054.66
1027.78

TOTAL
1054.66
1027.78

# Includes Government grants of ` 237.37 Crores (2025 - ` 294.82 Crores) on account of Fiscal and Export Incentives etc.
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
22A. Revenue from operations

Sale of Products
80686.88
73291.20

Sale of Services
180.61
175.41

Gross Revenue from sale of products and services * [including

Excise Duty / National Calamity Contingent Duty of ` 7135.82 Crores

(2025 - ` 4944.00 Crores)]
80867.49
73466.61

Other Operating Revenues #
772.62
771.52

TOTAL
81640.11
74238.13
22B. Gross Revenue from sale of products and services *

FMCG

- Cigarettes etc.
37099.65
32631.27

- Branded Packaged Food Products
20411.13
18270.38

- Others (Education and Stationery Products, Personal Care Products,

Safety Matches, Agarbattis etc.)
3792.62
3704.90

Agri Business

- Unmanufactured Tobacco
3618.34
3547.28

- Other Agri Products and Commodities (Wheat, Rice, Spices,

Coffee, Soya etc.)
8678.14
8518.36

Paperboards, Paper and Packaging

- Paperboards and Paper
6211.89
5958.96

- Packaging and Printed Materials
714.68
667.27

Others

-
Others (ITC Grand Central Hotel, Mumbai; Fresh Food etc.)
341.04
168.19

TOTAL
80867.49
73466.61

* Includes ` 151.99 Crores (2025 - ` 125.93 Crores) being net gain / (loss) on sale of investments.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
23. Other income

Interest income
1401.07
1413.35

Dividend income
972.16
1016.41

Other non-operating income
913.95
1025.21

TOTAL
3287.18
3454.97

Interest income

a) Deposits with banks etc. - carried at amortised cost
342.81
377.41

b) Financial assets measured :

- at amortised cost
456.57
560.88

- at FVTOCI
435.20
334.62

- at FVTPL
154.32
127.53

c) Others (from statutory authorities etc.)
12.17
12.91

TOTAL
1401.07
1413.35

Dividend income

a) Equity instruments measured at FVTOCI held at the end of

reporting period
15.16
10.31

b) Other investments
957.00
1006.10

TOTAL
972.16
1016.41

Other non-operating income:

Net foreign exchange gain / (loss)
86.53
(0.98)

Net gain / (loss) arising on financial instruments measured at fair value

through profit or loss / fair value through other comprehensive income*
606.23
864.06

[Refer Note 29(xi)]
0.01
-

Impairment of investment in associate [Refer Note 29(xi)]
-
(11.00)

Others (including income from leases etc.)
221.18
173.13

TOTAL
913.95
1025.21

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 173
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
24. Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-Trade,

work-in-progress and intermediates

Opening inventories

2363.72
2115.45

405.30
322.10

1277.45
979.40

Intermediates - Tissue paper and Paperboards
104.32
95.73

Less: Closing inventories

4930.52
2363.72

411.26
405.30

1216.47
1277.45

Intermediates - Tissue paper and Paperboards
111.37
104.32

Add: Inventory acquired on business combination [Refer Note 29(ix)]
36.04

Less: Inventory on account of discontinued operations
-
2.39

TOTAL
(2482.79)
(640.50)
* Refer Note 29(xiv) and 29(xv)
25. Employee benefits expense

Salaries and wages
3066.20
2874.19

Contribution to Provident and other funds
179.84
169.68

Share based payments to employees [Includes cash-settled share based

payments ` 1.63 Crores (2025 - ` 8.42 Crores)]*
130.87
140.37

Staff welfare expenses
306.53
275.95
3683.44
3460.19

Less: Recoveries made / reimbursements received
54.16
43.03

TOTAL
3629.28
3417.16
26. Finance costs

Interest expense

-
On Lease liabilities
11.97
13.27

-
On financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
43.14
12.91

-
Others (to statutory authorities etc.)
14.83
10.17

TOTAL
69.94
36.35

* Excluding taxes.

1. (a) Auditors remuneration excludes remuneration for services amounting to Nil (2025 - ` 1.90 Crores) rendered by network
firm / entity which is a part of the network of which auditor is a member firm.

(b) In addition to the above, Nil (2025 - ` 0.15 Crore) has been paid to the Statutory Auditors in respect of certification fees relating
to demerger of hotels business which has been included in discontinued operations.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
27. Other expenses
Power and fuel
909.75
942.55
Consumption of stores and spare parts
446.31
390.49
Contract processing charges
1323.54
1208.50
Rent
299.53
273.22
Rates and taxes
142.87
168.13
Insurance
130.72
124.93
Repairs
421.10
394.62

Maintenance and upkeep
238.81
213.49

Outward freight and handling charges
1940.25
1891.87

Warehousing charges
296.27
270.30
Advertising / Sales promotion
1477.99
1319.94
Corporate Social Responsibility expense [Refer Note 29(iii)]
481.40
443.68
Commission to selling agents etc.
85.71
61.01
11.70
11.79
(1.79)
1.87
Information technology services
354.68
351.72
Travelling and conveyance
332.97
325.52
Training and development
27.30
25.68
Legal and professional fees
282.59
225.97
(Gain) / Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment - Net
(11.74)
(108.26)
Miscellaneous expenses
1707.71
1609.46
TOTAL
10897.67
10146.48
Miscellaneous expenses include:
(1) Auditors remuneration and expenses *

Audit fees
4.10
3.80

Tax audit fees
0.85
0.78

Fees for limited review
1.68
1.62

Fees for other services 1
0.32
0.97

Reimbursement of expenses
0.28
0.26
(2) Cost Auditors fees
0.12

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 175
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
28. Income tax expenses

A (i). Amount recognised in profit or loss relating to continuing operations

Current tax

Income tax for the year
5869.43
6003.26

(47.27)
(13.09)

Total current tax
5822.16
5990.17

Deferred tax

666.55
441.96

(7.53)
4.84

Total deferred tax
659.02
446.80

TOTAL
6481.18
6436.97

(ii). Amount recognised in profit or loss relating to discontinued operations

Current tax for the year
-
122.17

-
509.65

TOTAL
-
631.82

B. Amount recognised in other comprehensive income

The tax (charge) / credit arising on income and expenses recognised in other comprehensive income is as follows:

On items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements gains / (losses) on defined benefit plans
1.00
3.75

Equity instruments through other comprehensive income
120.07
81.65

Related to designated portion of hedging instruments in cash flow hedges
(8.44)
(0.06)
112.63
85.34

On items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Related to designated portion of hedging instruments in cash flow hedges
16.19
2.07

14.24
(13.34)
30.43
(11.27)

TOTAL
143.06
74.07

C. Amount recognised directly in equity

The income tax (charged) / credited directly to equity during the year is as follows:

Deferred tax

Arising on gains / (losses) of hedging instruments in cash flow hedges transferred

to the initial carrying amounts of hedged items
(4.61)
0.05

TOTAL
(4.61)
0.05

D. Reconciliation of effective tax rate

The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:

Profit before tax from continuing operations
26767.60
26530.26

Income tax expense calculated @ 25.168% (2025 - 25.168%)
6736.87
6677.14

Effect of tax relating to uncertain tax positions
38.62
41.03

Effect of different tax rate on certain items
(113.51)
(125.08)

Effect of income not taxable
(44.20)
(56.16)

Other differences
(81.80)
(91.71)

TOTAL
6535.98
6445.22

Adjustments recognised during the year in relation to the current tax of prior years
(54.80)
(8.25)

Income tax recognised in profit or loss relating to continuing operations
6481.18
6436.97

Profit before tax from discontinued operations
-
15735.58

Income tax expense calculated @ 25.168% (2025 - 25.168%)
-
3960.33

Effect of excess of fair value over carrying value of net assets distributed

(non-cash), pursuant to the Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-
(3930.59)

Effect of addition to the value of investment in ITC Hotels Limited
-
602.79

Other differences
-
(0.71)

Income tax recognised in profit or loss relating to discontinued operations
-
631.82
The tax rate of 25.168% (22% + surcharge @10% and cess @4%) used for the years 2025-26 and 2024-25 is the corporate tax rate applicable
on taxable profits under the Income-tax Act, 1961.

Exceptional Items of Continuing Operations for the year ended 31st March, 2026 of ` 183.87 Crores represents:

a) estimated one-time impact on recognition of past service cost of ` 271.95 Crores with respect to increase in liability of
gratuity and compensated absences, primarily arising due to change in definition of wages pursuant to notifications issued
by the Ministry of Labour & Employment dated 21st November, 2025 bringing into force the provisions of the Code on
Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health
and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively referred to as the New Labour Codes ). The Company continues to
monitor the finalisation of rules by the Central and State Governments and clarifications from the Government on other
aspects of the New Labour Codes and will account for such developments as needed.

b) receipt of ` 88.08 Crores on final settlement of the insurance claim towards leaf tobacco stocks, which were destroyed due
to fire at a third party owned warehouse in an earlier year.

Exceptional Items of Continuing Operations for the year ended 31st March, 2025 represents fair value gain of ` 527.96 Crores
upon acquisition of 1,52,32,129 Equity Shares of ` 2 / - each of EIH Limited and 34,60,829 Equity Shares of ` 2 / - each of
HLV Limited, from Russell Credit Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, at their respective book value.
Earnings per share:
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Earnings per share has been computed as under:

Profit for the year from continuing operations (` in Crores)
20286.42
20093.29
ii) Profit for the year from discontinued operations (` in Crores)
-
15103.76
iii) Profit for the year (` in Crores)
20286.42
35197.05
Weighted average number of Ordinary shares outstanding for
the purpose of basic earnings per share
12,52,40,54,306
12,50,23,78,226
Effect of potential Ordinary shares on Employee Stock Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs) outstanding
84,98,428
1,86,64,293
Weighted average number of Ordinary shares in computing
diluted earnings per share [(b) + (c)]
12,53,25,52,734
12,52,10,42,519
Earnings per share
(Face Value ` 1.00 per share)
For Continuing Operations
- Basic [(AI) / (b)]
16.20
16.07
- Diluted [(AI) / (d)]
16.19
16.05
For Discontinued Operations
- Basic [(aii) / (b)]
-
12.08
- Diluted [(aii) / (d)]
-
12.06
For Continuing and Discontinued Operations
- Basic [(aiii) / (b)]
16.20
28.15

- Diluted [(aiii) / (d)]
16.19
28.11

Amount required to be spent by the Company during the year as per Section 135 read with Section 198 of the Companies Act,
2013 - ` 499.92 Crores (2025 - ` 460.70 Crores) being 2% of the average Net Profits of the Company.

Expenditure incurred during the year is ` 500.00 Crores (2025 - ` 461.50 Crores) comprising employee benefits expense of
` 18.60 Crores (2025 - ` 17.82 Crores) and other expenses of ` 481.40 Crores (2025 - ` 443.68 Crores), of which ` 59.85 Crores
(2025 - ` 49.42 Crores) is accrued for payment as on 31st March, 2026. Such CSR expenditure does not include any spends on
construction / acquisition of assets. Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years is ` 1.46 Crores (2025 - ` 1.97 Crores).
29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Such CSR expenditure of ` 500.00 Crores (2025 - ` 461.50 Crores) excludes ` 8.44 Crores (2025 - ` 6.98 Crores) being the
excess of expenditure of salaries of CSR personnel and administrative expenses over the limit of 5% of total CSR expenditure
laid down under Rule 7(1) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 for such expenses.

CSR activities undertaken during the year pertain to: poverty alleviation; promoting education and skill development; promoting
healthcare including preventive healthcare; providing sanitation and drinking water; ensuring environmental sustainability;
promoting gender equality and women empowerment; enabling climate resilience; rural development projects; creating
livelihoods for people (especially those from disadvantaged sections of society); protection of national heritage, art and culture;
preserving and promoting music; promoting sports; conducting research in science, technology, engineering and medicine aimed
at promoting Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and providing relief and assistance to victims of disasters and calamities.

Research and Development expenses for the year amount to ` 194.50 Crores (2025 - ` 187.68 Crores).

Contingent liabilities and commitments:

(a) Contingent liabilities

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts ` 1008.67 Crores (2025 - ` 917.25 Crores), including interest on
claims, where applicable, estimated to be ` 316.00 Crores (2025 - ` 299.13 Crores). These comprise:

Excise duty, VAT / sales taxes, GST and other indirect taxes claims disputed by the Company relating to issues of
applicability and classification aggregating ` 647.83 Crores (2025 - ` 627.25 Crores), including interest on claims, where
applicable, estimated to be ` 279.81 Crores (2025 - ` 267.29 Crores).

Local Authority taxes / cess / royalty on property, utilities etc. claims disputed by the Company relating to issues of
applicability and determination aggregating ` 306.89 Crores (2025 - ` 237.21 Crores), including interest on claims,
where applicable, estimated to be ` 24.15 Crores (2025 - ` 20.22 Crores).

Third party claims arising from disputes relating to contracts aggregating ` 40.50 Crores (2025 - ` 39.40 Crores),
including interest on claims, where applicable, estimated to be ` 0.58 Crore (2025 - ` 0.46 Crore).

Other matters ` 13.45 Crores (2025 - ` 13.39 Crores), including interest on other matters, where applicable, estimated
to be ` 11.46 Crores (2025 - ` 11.16 Crores).

IT is not practicable for the Company to estimate the closure of these issues and the consequential timings of cash flows,
if any, in respect of the above.

(b) Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital accounts and not provided for ` 1480.38 Crores
(2025 - ` 912.50 Crores).

Uncalled liability on partly paid-up shares and other investments is ` 51.57 Crores (2025 - ` 50.50 Crores).

The Company on 19th April, 2023, executed transaction documents for acquisition of 100% of the share capital (on
a fully diluted basis) of Sproutlife Foods Private Limited ( Sproutlife ) over a time period of about three to four years.
The Company held 47.50% of the share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of Sproutlife as on 31st March, 2026
(Refer Note 4). The consideration for acquisition of the balance stake of 52.50% will be determined based on pre-agreed
valuation criteria and fulfilment of applicable terms and conditions. Further, the Company on 1st April, 2026 acquired the
right to nominate majority of the Directors on the Board of Sproutlife. Consequently, Sproutlife has become a subsidiary
of the Company with effect from the said date.

The Company on 6th February, 2025, executed transaction documents for acquisition of 100% of the share capital of
Ample Foods Private Limited ( Ample Foods ) over a time period of about three years. Consequently, the Company
acquired 43.75% stake in Ample Foods on 4th April, 2025 for a consideration of ` 131.25 Crores (Refer Note 4). The
Company s stake in Ample Foods will increase to 62.50% by April, 2027 through secondary purchase of ` 56.00 Crores.
The consideration for acquisition of balance stake of 37.50% will be determined based on pre-agreed valuation criteria
and fulfilment of applicable terms and conditions.

The Company on 31st March, 2025, entered into a Business Transfer Agreement (BTA) with Aditya Birla Real Estate
Limited for acquisition of the Undertaking pertaining to manufacture, distribution and sale of pulp and paper products
29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 177
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

operated under the name of Century Pulp and Paper , as a going concern on a slump sale basis for a lumpsum
consideration of up to ` 3500.00 Crores on a cash-free debt-free basis, subject to adjustments in accordance with
the terms and conditions set out in the BTA. The transaction will be consummated upon fulfilment of the conditions
precedent as laid down in the BTA.

The Company on 17th April, 2025, executed Transaction Documents i.e., Share Subscription and Share Purchase
Agreement and Shareholders Agreement, to acquire the balance 73.50% of the share capital (on a fully diluted basis)
of Mother Sparsh Baby Care Private Limited ( Mother Sparsh ), an associate company, in one or more tranches over a
time period of about two to three years, based on pre-agreed valuation criteria and fulfilment of applicable terms and
conditions. Prior to this, the Company held 26.50% of the share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of Mother Sparsh.

The Company on 21st May, 2025, acquired 594 Equity Shares and 2,201 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares
in Mother Sparsh for a consideration of ` 50.58 Crores. Consequently, the Company held 39.47% of the share capital
(on a fully diluted basis) of Mother Sparsh as at 31st March, 2026 (Refer Note 4).

(vi)
Employee Benefit Plans

Description of Plans

The Company makes contributions to both Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Plans for qualifying employees. These
Plans are administered through approved Trusts, which operate in accordance with the Trust Deeds, Rules and applicable
Statutes. The concerned Trusts are managed by Trustees who provide strategic guidance with regard to the management
of their investments and liabilities and also periodically review their performance. In respect of other employees, contribution
towards provident fund are deposited with the Government administered funds.

Provident Fund, Pension and Gratuity Benefits are funded and Leave Encashment Benefits are unfunded in nature. The Defined
Benefit Pension Plans are based on employees pensionable remuneration and length of service. Under the Provident Fund,
Gratuity and Leave Encashment Schemes, employees are entitled to receive lump sum benefits.

(a) Defined Benefit Plans

The liabilities arising in the Defined Benefit Schemes are determined in accordance with the advice of independent,
professionally qualified actuaries, using the projected unit credit method. The Company makes regular contributions to
these Defined Benefit Plans. Additional contributions are made to these Plans as and when required based on actuarial
valuation. Some Group companies also participate in these Plans. These participating Group companies make contributions
to the Plans for their respective employees on a uniform basis and each entity ascertains their obligation through actuarial
valuation. The net Defined benefit cost is recognised by these companies in their respective Financial Statements.

Risk Management

The Defined Benefit Plans expose the Company to risk of actuarial deficit arising out of investment risk, interest rate risk and
salary cost inflation risk.

Investment Risk: This may arise from volatility in asset values due to market fluctuations and impairment of assets due to
credit losses. These Plans primarily invest in debt instruments such as Government securities and highly rated corporate
bonds, the valuation of which is inversely proportional to the interest rate movements, and also in insurer managed funds,
the investments in which are also subject to equity market risk.

Interest Rate Risk: The present value of Defined Benefit Plan liability is determined using the discount rate based on the
market yields prevailing at the end of reporting period on Government securities. A decrease in yields will increase the fund
liabilities and vice-versa.

Salary Cost Inflation Risk: The present value of the Defined Benefit Plan liability is calculated with reference to the future
salaries of participants under the Plan. Increase in salary might lead to higher liabilities.

These Plans have a relatively balanced mix of investments in order to manage the above risks. The investment strategy is
designed based on the interest rate scenario, liquidity needs of the Plans and pattern of investment as prescribed under
various Statutes.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

The Trustees regularly monitor the funding and investments of these Plans. Risk mitigation systems are in place to ensure
that the health of the portfolio is regularly reviewed and investments do not pose any significant risk of impairment. Periodic
audits are conducted to ensure adequacy of internal controls. Pension obligation of the employees is secured by purchasing
annuities thereby de-risking the Plans from future payment obligation.
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Funded
Unfunded
Funded
Unfunded
Components of Employer Expense
-
Recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss
Current Service Cost
28.98
34.19
13.43
33.54
34.56
13.50
Past Service Cost
-
221.21
27.99
-
Net Interest Cost
(0.91)
3.71
10.38
(4.09)
(1.45)
11.09
Total expense recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss
28.07
259.11
51.80
29.45
33.11
24.59
-
Remeasurements recognised in Other
Comprehensive Income
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts
included in Net interest cost)
18.52
0.70
-
(9.03)
(3.10)
-
0.32
-
Effect of changes in financial assumptions
-
0.04
-
9.38
8.94
3.00
-
4.24
0.94
1.94
12.18
6.11
(0.07)
Total remeasurements included in
Other Comprehensive Income
22.76
2.00
1.94
12.53
11.95
2.93
Total defined benefit cost recognised
in the Statement of Profit and Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income (4+10)
50.83
261.11
53.74
41.98
45.06
27.52
The current service cost and net interest cost for the year, as applicable, pertaining to Pension and Gratuity expenses
have been recognised in Contribution to Provident and other funds and Leave Encashment in Salaries and wages
under Note 25. The past service cost representing one-time impact of New Labour Codes has been recognised in
Exceptional Items [Refer Note 29(i)]. The remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability are included in Other
(` in Crores)
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Actual Returns
33.37
30.10
-
70.50
36.16
-
Net Asset / (Liability) recognised
in Balance Sheet

Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation
794.35
709.23
198.61
799.61
452.71
162.73

Fair Value of Plan Assets
750.42
474.94
-
786.95
437.77
-

Status [Surplus / (Deficit)]
(43.93)
(234.29)
(198.61)
(12.66)
(14.94)
(162.73)
Restrictions on Asset Recognised
-
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 179
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in
Balance Sheet
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Current
Non-current
Current
Non-current
- Pension
(43.93)
-
(12.66)
-
- Gratuity
(234.29)
-
(14.94)
-
- Leave Encashment
(18.59)
(180.02)
(14.69)
(148.04)
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Change in Defined Benefit
Obligation (DBO)
Present Value of DBO at the beginning
799.61
452.71
162.73
898.65
496.77
171.48
Current Service Cost
28.98
34.19
13.43
33.54
34.56
13.50
Past Service Cost
-
221.21
27.99
-
Interest Cost
50.98
34.51
10.38
57.38
31.61
11.09
Remeasurement gains / (losses)
-
0.32
-
0.04
-
9.38
8.94
3.00
c.
-
d.
4.24
0.94
1.94
12.18
6.11
(0.07)
Curtailment Cost / (Credits)
-
Settlement Cost / (Credits)
-
Liabilities assumed on Business
Combination [Refer Note 29(ix)]
-
3.79
-
Liabilities transferred pursuant to
Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-
(106.95)
(70.26)
(20.47)
Effects of transfer In / (Out)
(0.56)
(0.29)
(0.06)
(0.02)
-
Benefits Paid
(88.90)
(38.19)*
(17.80)
(104.55)
(55.02)
(15.80)
Present Value of DBO at the
end of the year
794.35
709.23
198.61
799.61
452.71
162.73
*includes Benefits Paid by the Company of ` 1.17 Crores.
(` in Crores)
Best Estimate of Employers Expected
Contribution for the next year
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
- Pension
90.08
56.91
- Gratuity
273.99
71.98
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Change in Fair Value of Assets
Plan Assets at the beginning
786.95
437.77
-
919.95
458.76
-
Interest Income
51.89
30.80
-
61.47
33.06
-
Remeasurement Gains / (Losses)
on plan assets
(18.52)
(0.70)
-
9.03
3.10
-
Actual Company Contributions
19.56
44.38
-
22.10
67.42
-
Assets transferred pursuant to Scheme
-
(121.03)
(69.55)
-
Effects of transfer In / (Out)
(0.56)
(0.29)
-
(0.02)
-
Benefits Paid
(88.90)
(37.02)
-
(104.55)
(55.02)
-
Plan Assets at the end of the year
750.42
474.94
-
786.95
437.77
-
Actuarial Assumptions
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Discount Rate (%)
Discount Rate (%)
Pension
6.75
Gratuity
6.75
Leave Encashment
6.75
The estimates of future salary increases, generally between 4% to 6%, considered in actuarial valuations take account of
inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors such as supply and demand factors in the employment market.
Major Category of Plan Assets as a %
of the Total Plan Assets
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Government Securities / Special
Deposit with RBI
12.04%
14.33%
High Quality Corporate Bonds
11.22%
11.58%
Insurer Managed Funds*
65.19%
61.88%
Mutual Funds
7.45%
7.74%
Cash and Cash Equivalents
4.10%
4.47%
Term Deposits
-
* In the absence of detailed information regarding plan assets which is funded with Insurance Companies, the composition
of each major category of plan assets, the percentage or amount for each category to the fair value of plan assets has not
been disclosed.
The fair value of Government securities, corporate bonds and mutual funds are determined based on quoted market prices
in active markets. The employee benefit plans do not hold any securities issued by the Company.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 181
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
Basis used to determine the Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets is based on the current portfolio of assets, investment strategy and market
scenario. In order to protect the capital and optimize returns within acceptable risk parameters, the plan assets are well
diversified.
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Net Asset / (Liability) recognised
in Balance Sheet (including experience
adjustment impact)
Present Value of Defined
Benefit Obligation
794.35
709.23
198.61
799.61
452.71
162.73
Fair Value of Plan Assets
750.42
474.94
-
786.95
437.77
-
Status [Surplus / (Deficit)]
(43.93)
(234.29)
(198.61)
(12.66)
(14.94)
(162.73)
Experience Adjustment of
Plan Assets [Gain / (Loss)]
(18.52)
(0.70)
-
9.03
3.10
-
Experience Adjustment of
obligation [(Gain) / Loss]
4.24
0.94
1.94
12.18
6.11
(0.07)
XI.
Sensitivity Analysis
The Sensitivity Analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible change of the respective assumptions
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. These sensitivities show the
hypothetical impact of a change in each of the listed assumptions in isolation. While each of these sensitivities holds all
other assumptions constant, in practice such assumptions rarely change in isolation and the asset value changes may
partially offset this impact. For presenting the sensitivities, the present value of the Defined Benefit Obligation has been
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied in
calculating the Defined Benefit Obligation presented above. There was no change in the methods and assumptions used
in the preparation of the Sensitivity Analysis from previous year.
(` in Crores)

DBO as at 31st March, 2026
DBO as at 31st March, 2025
Discount Rate + 100 basis points
1599.25
1333.62
Discount Rate - 100 basis points
1819.46
1500.30
Salary Increase Rate + 1%
1803.50
1501.98
Salary Increase Rate - 1%
1610.19
1336.49

Maturity Analysis of the Benefit Payments
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Year 1
237.61
211.40
Year 2
226.01
210.80
Year 3
177.71
138.61
Year 4
171.22
112.82
Year 5
128.53
143.09
Next 5 Years
585.96
473.50
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Crores)

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

(b) Amounts towards Defined Contribution Plans have been recognised under Contribution to Provident and other funds in
Note 25: ` 113.87 Crores [2025 - ` 136.41 Crores (including amounts recognised in discontinued operations)].

(vii) Leases

As a Lessee

The Company s significant leasing arrangements are in respect of land, buildings (comprising licensed properties, residential
premises, office premises, stores, warehouses etc.) and plant & equipment. These arrangements generally range between
2 years and 10 years, except for certain land and building leases where the lease term ranges up to 99 years. The lease
arrangements have extension / termination options exercisable by either parties which may make the assessment of lease
term uncertain. While determining the lease term, all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
extension option, or not exercise a termination option are considered.

The amount of ROU Assets and Lease Liabilities recognised in the Balance Sheet are disclosed in Note 3G and Note 14 respectively.
The total cash outflow for leases for the year is ` 411.46 Crores (2025 - ` 429.30 Crores) [including payments of ` 357.66 Crores
(2025 - ` 355.34 Crores) in respect of short-term / low-value leases and variable lease payments of Nil (2025 - ` 4.72 Crores)].

The sensitivity of variable lease payments and effect of extension / termination options not included in measurement of lease
liabilities is not material.

The undiscounted maturities of lease liabilities over the remaining lease term are as follows:
Term
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Not later than three years
95.85
112.04
Later than three years and not later than ten years
52.61
65.85
Later than ten years and not later than twenty-five years
29.79
34.30
Later than twenty-five years and not later than fifty years
14.44
17.02
Later than fifty years
21.23
19.24

As a Lessor

The Company has leased out its investment properties etc. under operating lease for periods ranging upto 30 years. Lease payments
are structured with periodic escalations consistent with the prevailing market conditions. There are no variable lease payments.
The details of income from such leases are disclosed under Note 3C and Note 23. The Company does not have any risk relating to
recovery of residual value of investment property at the end of leases considering the business requirements and other alternatives.

The undiscounted minimum lease payments to be received over the remaining non-cancellable term on an annual basis are as
follows:
(` in Crores)
Term
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
1st year
46.04
49.43
2nd year
31.90
38.84
3rd year
4.73
24.43
4th year
0.94
0.91
5th year
1.01
0.94
Beyond 5 years
24.99
26.00

(viii) Under the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement (JVA), Logix Developers Private Limited ( LDPL ) (CIN: U70101DL2010PTC207640)
was to develop a luxury hotel-cum-service apartment complex. However, Logix Estates Private Limited, Noida, the JV partner
communicated its intention to explore alternative development plans to which the Company reiterated that IT was committed only
to the project as envisaged in the JVA. The JV partner refused to progress the project and instead expressed its intent to exit
the JV by selling its stake to the Company and subsequently proposed that both parties should find a third party to sell the entire
shareholding in LDPL. The resultant deadlock has stalled the project. The Company s petition that the affairs of the JV are being
conducted in a manner that is prejudicial to the interest of the Company and the JV entity, as also a petition for winding up of
LDPL filed by Logix Estates, are currently before the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Delhi Bench.

New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (NOIDA), vide letter dated 6th July, 2022, cancelled the sub-lease for the land on
which the project was to be constructed on account of non-payment of lease installments and non-fulfilment of the conditions of
the sub-lease, including forfeiture of the amount deposited. Upon cancellation of the sub-lease, LDPL is evaluating all options
to pursue its rights.

The financial statements of LDPL for the year ended 31st March, 2026 are yet to be approved by its Board of Directors.
(` in Crores)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 183
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

(ix)
The Company on 13th June, 2025, acquired, in an all-cash deal, 100% of the equity share capital of Sresta Natural Bioproducts
Private Limited ( Sresta ), an Indian company primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling of organic food
products (staples, spices, processed foods etc.) under the brand name 24 Mantra Organic . This acquisition is expected to
fortify ITC s presence and market standing in the high growth organic products segment in both Indian and overseas markets.

Subsequently, the Board of Directors of the Company at the meeting held on 1st August, 2025 approved the Scheme of
Amalgamation of Sresta and Wimco Limited ( Wimco ), wholly owned subsidiaries, with the Company under Sections 230
and 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Scheme ). The Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ), Kolkata Bench
vide Order dated 20th March, 2026 and NCLT, Hyderabad Bench, vide Order dated 16th April, 2026 have approved the said
amalgamation and certified copies of the Orders have been filed with the Registrar of Companies, West Bengal and Telangana,
respectively, on 7th May, 2026. Since all the requisite formalities have been completed, the aforesaid amalgamation has been
given effect to in these Financial Statements from the respective Appointed Dates i.e. 1st April, 2025 for Wimco and 13th June,
2025 for Sresta. Accordingly, the two subsidiaries of Sresta viz., Sresta Global FZE, UAE and Fyve Elements LLC, USA, have
become direct wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company.

a) The amalgamation of Sresta has been accounted for using the acquisition method prescribed under Ind AS 103 - Business
Combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets (both tangible and intangible) acquired and liabilities assumed have
been recorded at their provisional acquisition date fair values as determined by an independent valuer. Excess of purchase
consideration over the fair value of identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been recognized as Goodwill.

The fair value of total purchase consideration (including contingent consideration of ` 9.33 Crores) is ` 328.13 Crores. The
fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on acquisition are as follows:
Particulars
Amount
(` in Crores)
Property, Plant and Equipment
15.75
Other intangible assets
213.00
Right-of-use assets
6.71
Investments in subsidiaries
94.98
Trade receivables
45.36
Other assets (net)
8.65
Borrowings (including cash credit facilities)
(86.69)
Sub Total
297.76
Goodwill #
30.37
Total
328.13

# Goodwill is attributed to the potential of growing the business internationally, assembled workforce, expected operating synergies
etc. Goodwill has not been considered as a depreciable asset for income tax purpose.

As part of the acquisition, contingent consideration of an amount not exceeding ` 11.50 Crores (undiscounted value) is
payable to the erstwhile promoters of Sresta after 2 years on the business achieving mutually agreed financial milestones.
The fair value of contingent consideration as on 31st March, 2026 is ` 10.20 Crores.

b) The amalgamation of Wimco has been accounted for using the Pooling of Interests Method, being a business combination
under common control as defined in Appendix C to Ind AS 103 - Business Combinations. The assets and liabilities of
Wimco have been recognised at carrying values as appearing in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.
Consequently, the investment held by the Company in Wimco amounting to ` 8.50 Crores stands cancelled. Further,
comparative information in these Financial Statements have been restated as if the combination had occurred from the
beginning of the previous period.

(x)
Discontinued Operations represents operations of the Hotels Business of the Company (excluding ITC Grand Central, Mumbai)
which was demerged pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement amongst the Company and ITC Hotels Limited and their respective
shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 read with the other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
w.e.f 1st January, 2025, being the Appointed Date and the Effective Date.

The exceptional items of discontinued operations for the year ended 31st March, 2025 represent the excess of fair value of
the net assets distributed to the shareholders of the Company over its carrying value amounting to ` 15163.06 Crores (net of
demerger related expenses).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

(xi)
During the year, the Company divested its entire shareholding of 7,759 Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares of
` 10 / - each and 2,386 Equity Shares of ` 10 / - each held in Delectable Technologies Private Limited ( DTPL ), consequent to
which DTPL ceased to be an associate company.

(xii) Prag Agro Farm Limited has ceased to be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with effect from 10th December, 2025,
consequent to its voluntary liquidation by the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench. Further, Pavan Poplar
Limited has filed for voluntary liquidation and the same is pending with the said Tribunal.

(xiii) During the year, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notified the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment
Rules, 2025 and the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment Rules, 2025, effective from 1 April 2025,
amending Ind AS 21, Ind AS 1, Ind AS 7, Ind AS 107 and Ind AS 12. These amendments primarily relate to guidance on
exchangeability of currencies, classification of liabilities as current or non current, disclosure of supplier finance arrangements
and a temporary exception for deferred taxes arising from the OECD BEPS Pillar Two model rules. These amendments do not
have a material impact on the standalone financial statements.

(xiv) Employee Stock Option Schemes and Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme

A. Information in respect of Equity Settled Stock Options / Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs) granted under the
Company s Employee Stock Option Schemes / Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme ( Schemes )
Particulars
ITC Employee Stock
Option Scheme - 2006
ITC Employee Stock
Option Scheme - 2010
ITC Employee Stock
Appreciation Rights
Scheme 2025
1.
Date of Shareholders
approval
:
22-01-2007
23-07-2010
10-04-2025
2.
Total number of Options /
ESARs approved under
the Schemes (Adjusted
for Bonus Shares issued
in terms of Shareholders
approval)
:
Options equivalent to
37,89,18,503
Ordinary Shares of
Options equivalent to
55,60,44,823
Ordinary Shares of
ESARs resulting in issue of
Ordinary Shares of
not exceeding 25,02,34,207
3.
Vesting Schedule
:
The vesting period for conversion of Options / ESARs is as follows:

On completion of 12 months from the date of grant: 30% vests

On completion of 24 months from the date of grant: 30% vests

On completion of 36 months from the date of grant: 40% vests
4.
Pricing Formula
:
The Pricing Formula, as approved by the Shareholders of the Company, is such price,
as determined by the Nomination & Compensation Committee, which is not lower than
the closing price of the Company s Share on National Stock Exchange of India Limited
( the NSE ) on the date of grant, or the average price of the Company s Share in the
six months preceding the date of grant based on the daily closing price on the NSE,
or the market price as defined from time to time under the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021
(SEBI SBEB Regulations).
The Options / ESARs have been granted at market price as defined under the
SEBI SBEB Regulations.
5.
Maximum term of
Options / ESARs granted
:
Five years - the exercise period commences from the date of vesting of the
Options / ESARs granted and expires at the end of five years from the date of vesting.
6.
Source of Shares
:
Primary
7.
Variation in terms of
Options / ESARs
:
None
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 185
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

No. Particulars
ITC Employee
Stock Option
Scheme - 2006
ITC Employee
Stock Option
Scheme - 2010
ITC Employee
Stock Appreciation Rights
Scheme 2025
8.
Method used for accounting
of share-based payment plans
and effect of employee share-
based plans on the entity s
profit or loss for the period and
on its financial position
:
The employee compensation cost has been calculated using the fair value
method of accounting for Options / ESARs issued under the Company s Schemes.
The employee compensation cost as per fair value method for the financial year 2025-26
is ` 124.10 Crores (2025 - ` 130.00 Crores) [Refer Note 25]; for the group entities,
such compensation cost is ` 11.23 Crores (2025 - ` 7.27 Crores).
9.
Nature and extent of
employee share-based
payment plans that existed
during the period including
the general terms and
conditions of each plan,
method of settlement
(whether in cash or equity)
and choice of settlement
(with the company or the
employee or combination)
:
(3) to (5) hereinbefore, each Option
entitles the holder thereof to apply for
and be allotted ten Ordinary Shares
of the Company of ` 1 / - each upon
payment of the exercise price during
the exercise period.
(3) to (5) hereinbefore, each ESAR
Grantee is entitled to apply for and be
allotted, upon payment of ` 1/- per Share,
Ordinary Shares equivalent to appreciation
for the total number of ESARs exercised,
computed in the manner specified in the
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation Rights
Scheme 2025.
10.
Weighted average exercise
prices and weighted
average fair values of
Options / ESARs whose
exercise price either equals
or exceeds or is less than the
market price of the stock
:
Weighted
per Option : ` 4179.00
Weighted
per Option : ` 801.63
The above Options have been granted
at market price as mentioned in
Serial No. (4) hereinbefore.
Weighted
ESAR
per ESAR : ` 4179.00
Weighted
per ESAR : ` 801.63
The above ESARs have been granted at
market price as mentioned in Serial No. (4)
hereinbefore.
11.
Option / ESAR movements
:
a) Outstanding at the
:
1,30,572
73,04,397
-
b) Granted during the year
:
-
12,19,630
4,18,560
c) Cancelled and lapsed
:
96,961
1,800
d) Vested and exercisable
:
3,400
13,98,590
-
e) Exercised during the year :
39,082
14,95,763
-
Number of Ordinary Shares
of ` 1 / - each arising as
a result of exercise of
Options / ESARs during the
:
3,90,820
1,49,57,630
-
g) Outstanding at the end of
the year (a+b-c-e)
:
91,170
69,31,303
4,16,760
h) Exercisable at the end of
:
91,170
41,34,908
-
Money realised
by exercise of the
Options / ESARs during
the year (` in Crores)
:
8.82
396.03
-
29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

12.
Summary of the status of Options / ESARs:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
No. of Options and
ESARs
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices /
ESAR Price (`)
No. of Options
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices (`)
Outstanding at the beginning of
:
74,34,969
3325.29
89,94,612
3040.61
:
16,38,190
4179.00
14,80,700
4835.02
:
99,081
4079.56
1,00,512
3621.31
Less: Exercised during the year :
15,34,845
2637.70
29,39,831
2712.16
Outstanding at the end of the
:
74,39,233
3645.10
74,34,969
3325.29
Exercisable at the end of the
:
42,26,078
3129.77
43,99,319
2686.93
13.
Weighted average share price
of Shares arising upon exercise
of Options / ESARs
:
The weighted average share price of Shares, arising upon exercise of Options / ESARs
during the year ended 31st March, 2026 was ` 410.36 (2025 - ` 467.68). This was based
on the closing market price on NSE on the date of exercise of Options / ESARs (i.e. the date
of allotment of shares by the Securityholders Relationship Committee).
14.
Summary of Options / ESARs outstanding, scheme-wise:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
No. of
Options /
ESARs
Outstanding
Range of
Exercise
Prices /
ESAR Price (`)
Weighted
No. of
Options
Outstanding
Range of
Exercise
Prices (`)
Weighted
ITC Employee Stock Option
Scheme - 2006
:
91,170
1606.33 - 3276.52
2.29
1,30,572
1606.33 - 3276.52
2.78
ITC Employee Stock Option
Scheme - 2010
:
69,31,303
1606.33 - 4575.39
4.46
73,04,397
1606.33 - 4575.39
4.17
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation
Rights Scheme 2025
:
4,16,760
4179.00
6.69
-
15.
A description of the method
used during the year to
estimate the fair values of
Options / ESARs, the weighted
average exercise prices and
weighted average fair values
of Options / ESARs granted
:
The fair value of each Option is estimated using the
Black Scholes Option Pricing model.
Weighted average exercise price per Option : ` 4179.00
Weighted average fair value per Option : ` 801.63
The fair value of each ESAR
is estimated using the Black
Scholes Option Pricing model.
Weighted average ESAR price
per ESAR : ` 4179.00
Weighted average fair value
per ESAR : ` 801.63
The significant assumptions
used to ascertain the above
:
The fair value of each Option / ESAR is estimated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing
model after applying the following key assumptions on a weighted average basis:
(i) Risk-free interest rate
6.13%
(ii) Expected life
4.60 years
(iii) Expected volatility
20.09%
(iv) Expected dividends
3.43%
(v) The price of the underlying shares in market at
the time of grant
` 4179.00
29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 187
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)
16.
Methodology for determination
of expected volatility
:
The volatility used in the Black Scholes Option Pricing model is the annualised standard
deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the stock over a period of
time. The period considered for the working is commensurate with the expected life of
the Options / ESARs and is based on the daily volatility of the Company s stock price on
NSE. There are no market conditions attached to the grant and vest.
17.
Options / ESARs granted to
:
As provided below:
(a) Directors and
Senior managerial personnel
Name
Designation
No. of Options
granted during
year 2025-26
No. of ESARs
granted during
year 2025-26
S. Puri
Chairman & Managing Director
1,01,000
33,500
S. Dutta
Executive Director &
Chief Financial Officer
50,500
16,750
H. Malik
Executive Director
50,500
16,750
B. Sumant
Executive Director
50,500
16,750
S. Kaul
Group Head - ITD, MAB, Start-up
Ventures, LSTC & Quality
14,000
4,750
A. K. Rajput
President - Corporate Affairs
14,000
4,750
S. Sivakumar
Group Head - Agri Business, IT,
Sustainability, CSR & EHS
14,000
4,750
R. K. Singhi
Executive Vice President &
Company Secretary
9,800
3,250
The aforesaid Options / ESARs were granted at the exercise price / ESAR Price of ` 4179.00 per Option / ESAR, being the market price as
defined under the SEBI SBEB Regulations.
(b) Any other employee who received a grant on
any one year of Options / ESARs amounting
to 5% or more of the Options / ESARs granted
:
None
(c) Identified
employees
who
Options / ESARs, during any one year, equal to
or exceeding 1% of the issued capital (excluding
outstanding warrants and conversions) of the
Company at the time of grant.
:
None

B. Information in respect of Options granted by ITC Hotels Limited (ITCHL):

In terms of the Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business, one stock option of ITCHL (including fractional entitlements) has
been granted to the eligible employees of the Company by ITCHL under the ITC Hotels Special Purpose Employee Stock
Option Scheme ( ITCHL SP ESOP Scheme ) for every ten stock options outstanding under the ITC Employee Stock Option
Schemes ( ITC ESOS ) as on the Record Date i.e. 6th January, 2025, on the terms and conditions similar to the ITC ESOS.

Each option entitles the holder thereof to apply for and be allotted ten Equity Shares of ITCHL of ` 1 / - each upon payment of
exercise price. These options vest over a period of three years from the date of original grant under the ITC ESOS and are
exercisable within a period of five years from the date of vesting. The exercise prices have been determined basis fair and
reasonable adjustments approved by the respective Nomination & Compensation Committees of the Company and ITCHL
for outstanding stock options under the ITC ESOS Schemes as on the Record Date.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

The employee compensation cost as per fair value method for the financial year 2025-26 is ` 5.14 Crores
(2025 - 1.95 Crores) [Refer Note 25]. The summary of movement of the aforesaid Stock Options granted by ITCHL and
status of the outstanding Options is as under:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
No. of Options
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices (`)
No. of Options
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices (`)
7,09,895
1871.68
-
7,09,895
1871.68
7,147
2342.66
-
Less: Movement of employees within the group
1,300
2239.19
-
1,66,306
1480.69
-
5,35,142
1986.12
7,09,895
1871.68
3,91,456
1778.94
4,33,614
1519.46
Options vested and exercisable during the year
1,26,594
2280.19
4,33,614
1519.46

(xv) Information in respect of Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward ( SAR ) Plan
Particulars
Details
Nature and extent of Cash Settled
Stock Appreciation Linked Reward
Plan that existed during the year
along with general terms and
:
ITC Employee Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward Plan
(ITC ESAR Plan).
Under the ITC ESAR Plan, the eligible employees receive cash on vesting
of SAR units, equivalent to the difference between the grant price and the
market price of the share on vesting of SAR units subject to the terms and
conditions specified in the Plan.
Settlement Method
:
Cash - Settled
Vesting period and maximum term
of SAR granted
:
Over a period of five years from the date of grant in accordance with the Plan.
Method used to estimate the fair
value of SAR granted
:
Black Scholes Option Pricing model. The said model considers inputs
such as Risk-free interest rate, Expected life, Expected volatility, Expected
dividend, Market price etc. The number of SAR units outstanding as at 31st
March, 2026 is Nil (2025 - 1,24,850) and the weighted average fair value at
measurement date is Nil (2025 - ` 1513.00) per SAR unit.
Total
Statement of Profit and Loss
:
The cost has been calculated using the fair value method of accounting for
SAR units issued under the ITC ESAR Plan. The employee benefits expense
as per fair value method for the financial year 2025-26 is ` 1.63 Crores
(2025 - ` 8.42 Crores) and ` 0.13 Crore (2025 - ` 0.41 Crore) for group
entities (Refer Note 25). The amount carried in the Balance Sheet as a
current financial liability is Nil (2025 - ` 16.35 Crores) (Refer Note 15).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 189
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

29. Additional Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

(xvi) Financial Ratios
Ratio
Numerator
Denominator
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Current Ratio (in times)
Current Assets
Current Liabilities
3.04
3.03
Return on Equity
Ratio (in %)
Profit for the year (before
exceptional items)
Average
Shareholder s Equity
29.64
29.19
Inventory Turnover Ratio
(in times)
Gross Revenue from sale
Average Inventory
4.90
5.31
Trade Receivables
Turnover Ratio (in times)
Gross Revenue from sale
Average
Trade Receivables
23.66
20.72
Trade Payables Turnover
Ratio (in times)
COGS + Other Expenses -
Non Cash Expenditure
Average
Trade Payables
8.77
9.75
Net Capital Turnover
Ratio (in times)
Gross Revenue from sale
Working Capital (Current
Assets - Current Liabilities)
2.61
2.76
Net Profit Ratio (in %)
Profit for the year (before
exceptional items)
Gross Revenue from sale
25.26
26.72
Return on Capital
Employed (in %)
Profit before exceptional
items, interest and taxes
Average
Capital Employed
38.63
38.79
Return on Investment (in %)
Income from investment
Time weighted average
Investment
8.16
9.67

Debt-Equity Ratio and Debt Service Coverage Ratio are not relevant as the Company is virtually debt-free.

(xvii) Consequent to expiry of the GST Compensation Cess, the Government of India increased GST and Central Excise duty on
cigarettes with effect from 1st February, 2026. In accordance with Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers and
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, GST and GST Compensation Cess are excluded from Gross Revenue from sale of
products, whereas Excise duty is not excluded. Consequently, the Gross Revenue from sale of products and services & Excise
duty for the year ended 31st March, 2026 and value of inventory as at 31st March, 2026 reflect the impact of sharp increase in
Excise duty and are not strictly comparable with those of the previous year.

(xviii) Figures presented as are below the rounding off norm adopted by the Company.

(xix) Figures for the previous year are re-arranged, wherever necessary, to conform to the figures of the current period. The same
does not have any material impact on the standalone financial statements.

(xx) The standalone financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on May 21, 2026. Such financial
statements are required to be placed before the shareholders for adoption in terms of Companies Act, 2013.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

30. Segment Reporting
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
External
Inter Segment
Total
External
Inter Segment
Total
1.
Segment Revenue
FMCG - Cigarettes
37099.65
-
37099.65
32631.27
-
32631.27
FMCG - Others
24203.75
6.00
24209.75
21975.28
6.29
21981.57
FMCG - Total
61303.40
6.00
61309.40
54606.55
6.29
54612.84
Agri Business
12296.48
7999.92
20296.40
12065.64
7688.16
19753.80
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
6926.57
1839.04
8765.61
6626.23
1796.58
8422.81
Others
341.04
0.75
341.79
168.19
1.24
169.43
Segment Total
80867.49
9845.71
90713.20
73466.61
9492.27
82958.88
Eliminations
(9845.71)
(9492.27)
Gross Revenue from sale of products and services
80867.49
73466.61
2.
Segment Results
FMCG - Cigarettes
21051.12
20024.87
FMCG - Others
1802.63
1579.66
FMCG - Total
22853.75
21604.53
Agri Business
1496.46
1478.03
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
796.71
911.49
Others
(8.06)
65.82
Segment Total
25138.86
24059.87
Eliminations
(37.56)
1.75
Total
25101.30
24061.62
Unallocated corporate expenses net of unallocated income
(1228.83)
(1310.30)
Profit before interest etc. and taxation
23872.47
22751.32
Finance Costs
(69.94)
(36.35)
Interest earned on loans and deposits, income from current and
non-current investments, profit and loss on sale of investments etc. - Net
3148.94
3287.33
Exceptional items [Refer Note 29(i)]
(183.87)
527.96
Profit before tax
26767.60
26530.26
Tax expense
(6481.18)
(6436.97)
Profit for the year from continuing operations
20286.42
20093.29
Profit for the year from discontinued operations
-
15103.76
20286.42
35197.05
3.
Other Information
Segment
Assets
Segment
Liabilities
Segment
Assets
Segment
Liabilities
FMCG - Cigarettes
13283.91
5534.50
9929.46
5516.37
FMCG - Others
13130.13
3081.03
12911.68
2442.96
FMCG - Total
26414.04
8615.53
22841.14
7959.33
Agri Business
6699.33
1729.57
6956.68
2221.65
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
9781.88
1381.15
9656.83
1361.09
Others
209.03
49.32
151.20
62.60
Segment Total
43104.28
11775.57
39605.85
11604.67
Unallocated Corporate Assets / Liabilities
45811.58
7211.68
44398.86
4506.33
Total
88915.86
18987.25
84004.71
16111.00
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 191

30. Segment Reporting (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Capital
Depreciation
and amortization
Capital
Depreciation
and amortization
FMCG - Cigarettes
869.13
264.06
320.52
266.20
FMCG - Others
887.22
609.31
515.80
584.26
FMCG - Total
1756.35
873.37
836.32
850.46
Agri Business
73.28
72.86
104.07
67.41
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
405.91
390.39
381.84
390.18
Others
22.81
9.53
5.42
5.78
Segment Total
2258.35
1346.15
1327.65
1313.83
Discontinued operations
-
171.28
226.95
Unallocated
295.23
127.84
343.35
128.10
Total
2553.58
1473.99
1842.28
1668.88
Non Cash expenditure
Non Cash expenditure
FMCG - Cigarettes
23.31
41.67
FMCG - Others
175.26
131.17
FMCG - Total
198.57
172.84
Agri Business
130.40
43.24
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
40.36
32.53
Others
0.22
0.19
Segment Total
369.55
248.80
GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
1. Revenue from external customers
- Within India
72988.91
65637.28
- Outside India
7878.58
7829.33
Total
80867.49
73466.61
2. Non-current assets
- Within India
23035.52
21972.57
- Outside India
-
Total
23035.52
21972.57
NOTES
(1) The Company s corporate strategy aims at creating multiple drivers of growth anchored on its core competencies. The Company is currently focused on three
business groups : FMCG, Paperboards, Paper & Packaging and Agri Business. The Company s organisational structure and governance processes are designed
to support effective management of multiple businesses while retaining focus on each one of them.

The Operating Segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Corporate Management Committee, which is the
Chief Operating Decision Maker.
(2) The business groups comprise the following :

FMCG
:
Cigarettes
-
Cigarettes, Cigars, etc.

:
Others
-
Branded Packaged Foods Businesses (Staples & Meals; Snacks; Dairy & Beverages; Biscuits & Cakes;
Chocolates, Coffee & Confectionery); Education and Stationery Products; Personal Care Products;
Safety Matches and Agarbattis.

Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
-
Paperboards, Paper including Specialty Paper and Packaging including Flexibles.

Agri Business

-
Agri commodities such as wheat, rice, spices, coffee, soya and leaf tobacco.

Others

-
ITC Grand Central Hotel, Mumbai; Fresh Food etc.
(3) The geographical information considered for disclosure are:

-
Revenue within India.

-
Revenue outside India.
(4) Segment results of FMCG : Others are after considering significant business development, brand building and gestation costs of the Branded Packaged Foods
businesses and Personal Care Products business.
(5) As stock options and stock appreciation rights are granted to align the interests of employees with those of shareholders and also to attract and retain talent for
the enterprise as a whole, the charge thereof do not form part of the segment performance reviewed by the Corporate Management Committee.
(6) The Company is not reliant on revenues from transactions with any single external customer and does not receive 10% or more of its revenues from transactions
with any single external customer.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

31. Related Party Disclosures
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

1. ENTERPRISES WHERE CONTROL EXISTS

Subsidiaries

a) Russell Credit Limited

b) Greenacre Holdings Limited

c) Technico Pty Limited, Australia and its subsidiaries

Technico Technologies Inc., Canada

Technico Asia Holdings Pty Limited, Australia and its subsidiary

Technico Horticultural (Kunming) Co. Limited, China

d) Technico Agri Sciences Limited

e) Pavan Poplar Limited (under liquidation)

f) Prag Agro Farm Limited (up to 09.12.2025)

g) ITC Infotech India Limited and its subsidiaries

ITC Infotech Limited, UK

ITC Infotech (USA), Inc. and its subsidiary

Indivate Inc., USA

ITC Infotech Do Brasil LTDA.

ITC Infotech Malaysia SDN. BHD.

ITC Infotech France SAS

ITC Infotech GmbH, Germany

ITC Infotech de México, S.A. de C.V.

ITC Infotech Arabia Limited

ITC Infotech Italia s.r.l.

Blazeclan Technologies Private Limited and its subsidiaries

Cloudlytics Technologies Private Limited

Blazeclan Technologies PTE Ltd., Singapore

Blazeclan Technologies SDN. BHD., Malaysia

Blazeclan Technologies Pty. Ltd., Australia and its subsidiary

Blazeclan Technologies Limited, New Zealand

Blazeclan Europe SRL., Belgium

Blazeclan Technologies Inc., Canada

Blazeclan Technologies LLC, USA

Blazeclan Americas Inc., USA (up to 23.03.2026)

Blazeclan Technologies Corporation, Philippines

h) Gold Flake Corporation Limited

ITC Integrated Business Services Limited and its subsidiary

Surya Nepal Private Limited and its subsidiary

Surya Nepal Ventures Private Limited

k) North East Nutrients Private Limited

m) ITC Fibre Innovations Limited

n) Fyve Elements LLC, USA (w.e.f. 13.06.2025)

o) Sresta Global FZE, UAE (w.e.f. 13.06.2025)

2. OTHER RELATED PARTIES WITH WHOM THE COMPANY HAD TRANSACTIONS

i) Associates & Joint Ventures

Associates

a) Mother Sparsh Baby Care Private Limited

b) Ample Foods Private Limited (w.e.f. 04.04.2025)

c) Sproutlife Foods Private Limited

d) ITC Hotels Limited and its subsidiaries

Srinivasa Resorts Limited

Fortune Park Hotels Limited

WelcomHotels Lanka (Private) Limited

Landbase India Limited

- being associates of the Company, and

e) Subsidiaries of British American Tobacco p.l.c. - of which the Company is an associate
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 193

31. Related Party Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Associate of the Company s subsidiary

- being associate of Gold Flake Corporation Limited

Joint Venture of the Company s subsidiary

- being joint venture of Gold Flake Corporation Limited

ii) a) Key Management Personnel (KMP)

S. Puri

Chairman & Managing Director

S. Dutta

Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer

H. Malik

Executive Director

B. Sumant

Executive Director

H. Bhargava#

Non-Executive Director

A. M. Bharucha#

Non-Executive Director

A. Kant#

Non-Executive Director (w.e.f 01.01.2026)

C.K. Mishra#

Non-Executive Director

S. Mohanty

Non-Executive Director

S. Mukherjee#

Non-Executive Director

A. Nayak#

Non-Executive Director

A. Pande

Non-Executive Director

S. Panray

Non-Executive Director

N. Rao#

Non-Executive Director

A. K. Seth#

Non-Executive Director

A. Singh

Non-Executive Director

P. Subrahmanyam#

Non-Executive Director

# Independent Directors

Company Secretary

R. K. Singhi

Members - Corporate Management Committee

S. Puri

S. Dutta

S. Kaul

H. Malik

A. Rajput

S. Sivakumar

B. Sumant

b) Related Parties of KMP

I) Close Members of the family of KMP:

N. Singhi (wife of R. K. Singhi)

Y. Singhi (son of R. K. Singhi)

II) Entity in which KMP is interested:

Bharucha & Partners

iii) Employee Trusts

a) IATC Provident Fund

b) ITC Defined Contribution Pension Fund

c) ITC Management Staff Gratuity Fund

d) ITC Employees Gratuity Fund

e) ITC Gratuity Fund C

f) ITC Pension Fund

g) ILTD Seasonal Employees Pension Fund

h) ITC Platinum Jubilee Pension Fund

ITC Bhadrachalam Paperboards Limited Management Staff Pension Fund

ITC Bhadrachalam Paperboards Limited Gratuity Fund A

k) ITC Bhadrachalam Paperboards Limited Gratuity Fund C

Sunrise Spices Limited Employees Gratuity Fund
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

(` in Crores)
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

^ includes transactions with close member of the family of KMP & entities in which KMP is interested.

* Includes rent pertaining to leases classified as Right-of-use assets.

# The amounts outstanding are unsecured and will be settled in cash (other than advances).

1. Post employment benefits are actuarially determined on overall basis and hence not separately provided.

2. During the year, the Company granted Stock Options / Stock Appreciation Rights to eligible employees, including Executive Directors and KMPs, under its Employee Stock Option Schemes and Employee
Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme at market price [within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021]. The
Company has also granted Employee Stock Appreciation Linked Reward Units to the aforesaid persons in the previous years under the ITC Employee Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward Plan .
Further, in terms of the Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business, ITC Hotels Limited has granted stock options to the eligible employees of the Company under the ITC Hotels Special Purpose Employee
Stock Option Scheme. Since such instruments are not tradeable, no perquisite or benefit is immediately conferred upon the employee on grant, and accordingly the said grants have not been considered
as remuneration . However, in accordance with Ind AS-102, the Company has recorded employee benefits expense by way of share-based payments to employees at ` 130.87 Crores for the year ended
31st March, 2026 (2025 - ` 140.37 Crores), of which ` 37.73 Crores (2025 - ` 32.69 Crores) is attributable to Executive Directors and KMPs.

3. All Related Party Transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of the business and on arm s length basis.
31. Related Party Disclosures (Contd.)
3. DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RELATED PARTIES AND THE STATUS OF OUTSTANDING BALANCES
AS AT 31.03.2026
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS SUMMARY
Enterprises where
control exists
Associates
Joint Ventures
Key Management
Personnel (KMP)
Related Parties of
KMP^
Employee
Trusts
Total
Subsidiaries
1.
Sale of Goods / Services
484.88
378.00
1689.79
1495.62
122.13
87.91
2296.80
1961.53
2.
Purchase of Goods / Services
496.71
490.81
163.21
175.65
716.67
637.68
1.42
2.67
1378.01
1306.81
3.
Equipment and Intangible Assets
4.28
4.59
436.26
440.54
4.59
4.
Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment

5.
Investment Purchased
164.25
154.22
164.25
6.
Investment in Subsidiaries / Associates
45.00
823.97
40.00
29.99
85.00
853.96
7.
Value of Share-based Payment
7A.
Capital Contribution for Share-based
Payment
(0.44)
(0.68)
(0.44)
(0.68)
7B.
Recovery for Share-based Payment
4.43
4.30
7.77
3.37
0.03
0.08
12.23
7.75
7C.
Reimbursement for Share-based Payment
5.34
2.37
5.34
2.37
8.
Rent Received
56.33
38.19
2.90
1.32
59.23
39.51
9.
Rent Paid *
2.13
7.76
0.64
3.46
0.81
0.72
0.07
3.65
12.01
10.
Remuneration of Managers on Deputation
0.38
10.81
6.54
10.81
6.92
11.
Remuneration of Managers on Deputation
41.40
53.22
21.18
9.90
1.34
1.61
63.92
64.73
12.
Contribution to Employees Benefit Plans
122.73
169.05
122.73
169.05
13.
Dividend Income
957.00
1006.89
2.39
957.00
1009.28
14.
Dividend Payments
4118.11
4455.87
9.00
8.59
4127.11
4464.46
15.
Interest Income
19.80
16.
Expenses Recovered
8.90
19.47
65.46
113.43
0.01
0.20
74.37
133.10
17.
Expenses Reimbursed
4.67
6.27
28.64
15.30
0.03
0.02
33.33
21.62
18.
183.34
282.29
1370.31
1690.64
1553.65
1972.93
19.
Adjustment / Payment towards Refund of
Advances
225.77
103.49
1552.89
1417.65
1778.66
1521.14
20.
Adjustment / Receipt towards Refund of
Deposit
0.48
21.
Transfer of Employee Liabilities
0.06
-
22.
Remuneration to KMP
22A.

- Short term benefits
63.63
56.77
63.63
56.77
22B.

- Other long-term incentives
21.70
26.00
21.70
26.00
22C.

- Post employment benefits 1
22D.

- Share-based Payment 2
23.
Outstanding Balances #

i) Receivables
101.06
55.02
22.55
47.13
11.79
17.10
135.40
119.25
ii) Deposits Given
0.12
0.01
0.03
0.16
iii) Advances Taken
224.93
267.36
458.17
640.75
683.10
908.11
iv) Payables
7.43
7.54
223.41
29.92
7.22
7.03
278.22
27.60
516.28
72.09
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 195

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
31. Related Party Disclosures (Contd.)
4. INFORMATION REGARDING SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS / BALANCES

(Generally in excess of 10% of the total transaction value of the same type)
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS SUMMARY
1.
Sale of Goods / Services

1587.03
1445.27

391.92
328.39
2.
Purchase of Goods / Services

716.67
637.68
228.20
218.92
169.36
173.12
3.
Equipment and Intangible Assets

286.14
-

Dunhill Tobacco of London Limited
73.14
-

Rothmans of Pall Mall Limited
44.33
-
4.
Investment Purchased

British American Tobacco (Investments) Limited
154.22
-

-
164.25
5.
Investment in Subsidiaries / Associates

40.00
-

45.00
90.00
6.
Value of Share-based Payment

6A.
Capital Contribution for Share-based Payment

(0.44)
(0.68)
6B.
Recovery for Share-based Payment

6.98
2.69

1.83
1.57

1.29
0.73
6C.
Reimbursement for Share-based Payment

5.34
2.37
7.
Rent Received

52.35
32.78
8.
Rent Paid

1.60

0.64
0.16

0.53
0.48
9.
Remuneration of Managers on Deputation

10.81
1.64
10.
Remuneration of Managers on Deputation

18.50
15.72

16.30
2.13

6.45
5.42
11.
Contribution to Employees Benefit Plans

IATC Provident Fund
41.66
45.10
ITC Pension Fund
18.28
20.75
ITC Defined Contribution Pension Fund
17.15
34.42
ITC Management Staff Gratuity Fund
15.21
20.33
ITC Gratuity Fund C
14.84
12.29
ITC Employees Gratuity Fund
13.00
33.57
12.
Dividend Income

462.77
405.52

374.76
488.32
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS SUMMARY
13.
Dividend Payments

3197.89
3558.09

Myddleton Investment Company Limited
697.86
680.84
14.
Interest Income
19.80
15.
Expenses Recovered
54.94
95.17
9.11
2.89
16.
Expenses Reimbursed

28.64
15.10
17.

1370.30
1689.92

183.34
282.29
18.
Adjustment / Payment towards Refund of
Advances

1552.80
1417.65

225.77
103.49
19.
Transfer of Employee Liabilities

0.06
-
20.
Remuneration to KMP #

20A.
Short term benefits

S. Puri
15.25
13.94

B. Sumant
6.36
5.73

S. Dutta
5.72
5.12

H. Malik
5.68
5.13
20B.
Other long-term incentives

S. Puri
7.00
8.82

H. Malik
3.67
3.37

B. Sumant
3.48
5.00

S. Dutta
3.50
4.29
21.
Outstanding Balances

Receivables

53.64
47.93

Fyve Elements LLC
32.76
-
Deposits Given

Russell Credit Limited 1
0.12

N. Singhi
0.03
Advances Taken

457.42
639.92

224.93
267.36
Payables

136.86
1.80

Employee Trust - Gratuity Funds
234.29
14.94

Employee Trust - Pension Funds
43.93
12.66
# In accordance with Ind AS - 102, the Company has recognised employee benefits
expense by way of Share-based Payment [refer Note 31.3], of which ` 37.73 Crores
(2025 - ` 32.69 Crores) is attributable to Executive Directors & KMPs:
S. Puri ` 13.17 Crores (2025 - ` 11.71 Crores), B. Sumant ` 6.59 Crores
(2025 - ` 5.91 Crores), S. Dutta ` 6.23 Crores (2025 - ` 5.49 Crores), H. Malik
` 5.06 Crores (2025 - ` 3.22 Crores) and R. K. Singhi ` 1.22 Crores (2025 - ` 1.11 Crores).
1 The maximum indebtedness during the year was ` 0.12 Crore (2025 - ` 0.36 Crore).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures

1. Capital Management

The Company s financial strategy aims to support its strategic priorities and provide adequate capital to its businesses for growth
and creation of sustainable stakeholder value. The Company funds its operations primarily through internal accruals and aims at
maintaining a strong capital base to support the future growth of its businesses.

During the year, the Company issued 1,53,48,450 Ordinary Shares (2025 - 2,93,98,310 Ordinary Shares) of ` 1.00 each amounting
to ` 1.54 Crores (2025 - ` 2.94 Crores) towards its employee stock options. The securities premium stood at ` 16344.50 Crores
as at 31st March, 2026 (2025 - ` 15834.70 Crores).

2. Categories of Financial Instruments

(` in Crores)
Particulars
Note
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
110.02
222.41
Bank Balances other than (i) above
2025.50
2962.45
Preference Shares & Government
or Trust Securities
4, 9
4710.59
4781.28
7414.15
7479.91
Investment in Mutual Funds
4, 9
381.79
387.87
389.10
392.57
Loans
11.64
10.98
15.24
13.84
vi)
Trade receivables
2925.60
3910.79
vii)
Other financial assets
2240.75
2236.13
2800.04
2794.31
Sub-total
12405.89
12477.38
17714.18
17776.28
Measured at Fair value
through OCI
Investment in Equity Shares
2790.34
3629.98
Investment in Mutual Funds
4, 9
5486.78
5309.12
Investment in Bonds / Debentures
& Government or Trust Securities
4, 9
2862.77
-
Sub-total
11139.89
8939.10
Profit or Loss
Investment in Mutual Funds
11820.37
10522.08
Certificates of Deposit &
Government or Trust Securities
3408.35
1586.96
Investment in Venture
Capital Funds
174.18
132.81
Investment in Equity &
Preference Shares
34.39
32.97
Sub-total
15437.29
12274.82
Derivatives measured
at fair value
14.01
15.71
21.90
24.20
Sub-total
35.91
39.91
39018.98
39090.47
38968.01
39030.11
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 197
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
Particulars
Note
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
2026.22
1.76
Lease liabilities
136.17
154.99
Trade payables
5271.90
4489.93
Other financial liabilities
1831.29
1813.29
1455.09
1439.41
Sub-total
9265.58
9247.58
6101.77
6086.09
34.89
8.40
62.70
3.16
Contingent Consideration
22.85
12.65
Sub-total
120.44
24.21
9386.02
9368.02
6125.98
6110.30

3. Financial risk management objectives

The Company has a system-based approach to risk management, anchored to policies and procedures and internal financial
controls aimed at ensuring early identification, evaluation and management of key financial risks (such as market risk, credit risk
and liquidity risk) that may arise as a consequence of its business operations as well as its investing and financing activities.
Accordingly, the Company s risk management framework has the objective of ensuring that such risks are managed within
acceptable and approved risk parameters in a disciplined and consistent manner and in compliance with the applicable regulations.
IT also seeks to drive accountability in this regard.

Liquidity Risk

The Company s Current assets aggregate ` 46143.39 Crores (2025 - ` 39758.12 Crores) including Current Investments, Cash
and cash equivalents and Bank Balances other than cash and cash equivalents of ` 21837.06 Crores (2025 - ` 18474.80 Crores)
against an aggregate Current liability of ` 15191.92 Crores (2025 - ` 13124.07 Crores). As part of its surplus liquidity management
operations, the Company may sell instruments that are held at amortised cost. Such sales may be infrequent (even if significant
in value) or insignificant in value both individually and in aggregate (even if frequent).

Non-current liabilities (other than derivatives and lease liabilities) due between one year to three years amounted to
` 143.13 Crores (2025 - ` 87.89 Crores) and Non-current liabilities (other than derivatives and lease liabilities) due after three
years amounted to ` 209.81 Crores (2025 - Nil) on the reporting date. Derivative liabilities are current in nature. The maturity
analysis of undiscounted lease liabilities is disclosed under Note 29(vii).

Further, while the Company s total equity stands at ` 69928.61 Crores (2025 - ` 67893.71 Crores), there are no non-current
borrowings. In such circumstances, liquidity risk or the risk that the Company may not be able to settle or meet its obligations as
they become due does not exist.

Market Risk

A. Foreign Currency Risk

The Company undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currency (mainly US Dollar, Pound Sterling, Euro and Japanese
Yen) which are subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Financial assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency,
including the Company s net investments in foreign operations (with a functional currency other than Indian Rupee), are also
subject to reinstatement risks.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)

The carrying amounts of foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities including derivative contracts, are as follows:

(` in Crores)
As at 31st March, 2026
USD
Euro
GBP
JPY
Others
Total
Financial Assets
844.93
113.35
31.10
-
0.85
990.23
Financial Liabilities
154.60
36.84
2.84
0.28
2.48
197.04
As at 31st March, 2025
USD
Euro
GBP
JPY
Others
Total
Financial Assets
1172.20
118.60
36.74
0.12
0.58
1328.24
Financial Liabilities
108.60
23.22
1.71
1.78
1.46
136.77

The Company uses foreign exchange forward, futures and options contracts to hedge its exposures in foreign currency arising
from firm commitments and highly probable forecast transactions.

a. Forward exchange contracts that were outstanding on respective reporting dates:
(In Million)
Designated under Hedge
Accounting
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Currency
Cross Currency
Buy
Sell
Buy
Sell
US Dollar
Indian Rupee
48.19
161.01
19.28
222.17
Euro
US Dollar
34.80
-
14.45
-
CHF
US Dollar
3.04
-
0.01
-
GBP
US Dollar
0.03
-
0.01
-
JPY
US Dollar
2.43
-
29.45
-
(In Million)
Not designated under Hedge
Accounting
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Currency
Cross Currency
Buy
Sell
Buy
Sell
US Dollar
Indian Rupee
42.57
169.61
28.05
100.59
Euro
US Dollar
13.17
14.74
0.25
21.28
CAD
US Dollar
-
0.07
-
0.15
CHF
US Dollar
0.44
-
1.10
-
GBP
US Dollar
5.98
5.79
-
5.99
KWD
US Dollar
0.17
-
0.15
-
JPY
US Dollar
40.12
-
148.75
-
SEK
US Dollar
0.10
-
0.36
-
SGD
US Dollar
-
0.11
-

The aforesaid hedges have a maturity of less than 1 year from the year end.

b. Currency options that were outstanding on respective reporting dates (Not designated under Hedge Accounting):
(In Million)
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Currency
Cross Currency
Buy
Sell
Buy
Sell
US Dollar
Indian Rupee
48.50
7.70
4.00
36.50
Euro
US Dollar
2.00
10.00
-
GBP
US Dollar
-
2.00
-

Hedges of foreign currency risk and derivative financial instruments

The Company has established risk management policies to hedge the volatility in cashflows arising from exchange rate fluctuations
in respect of firm commitments and highly probable forecast transactions, through foreign exchange forward, futures and options
contracts. The proportion of forecast transactions that are to be hedged is decided based on the size of the forecast transaction
and market conditions. As the counterparty for such transactions are highly rated banks or recognised exchange(s), the risk of
their non-performance is considered to be insignificant.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 199
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)

The Company uses derivatives to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Where such derivatives are not
designated under hedge accounting, changes in the fair value of such hedges are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

The Company may also designate certain hedges as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk of foreign exchange exposure on highly
probable forecasted cash transactions. The currency, amount and tenure of such hedges are generally matched to the underlying
transaction(s). Changes in the fair value of the effective portion of cash flow hedges are recognised as cash flow hedging reserve
in Other Comprehensive Income. While the probability of such hedges becoming ineffective is very low, the ineffective portion, if
any, is immediately recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

The movement in the cash flow hedging reserve in respect of designated cash flow hedges is summarised below:
(` in Crores)
Particulars
At the beginning of the year
(4.54)
1.29
Add: Changes in the fair value of effective portion of matured cash flow
hedges during the year
(49.91)
(15.31)
Add: Changes in fair value of effective portion of outstanding cash flow
hedges
(50.90)
(3.94)
Less: Amounts transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss on
occurrence of forecast hedge transactions during the year
(28.81)
(9.45)
Less: Amounts transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss due to cash
flows no longer expected to occur
(41.19)
(1.81)
Less: Amounts transferred to initial cost of non-financial assets
18.33
(0.20)
Less: Net gain / (loss) transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss on
Ineffectiveness
-
(Less) / Add: Deferred tax
12.36
1.96
At the end of the year
(41.32)
(4.54)
Of the above, balances remaining in cash flow hedge reserve for matured
hedging relationships
(3.10)
(1.63)

Once the hedged transaction materialises, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will be included in the initial
cost of the non-financial hedged item on its initial recognition or reclassified to profit or loss, as applicable, in the anticipated
timeframes given below:

(` in Crores)
Outstanding balance in Cash Flow Hedge Reserve to be
subsequently recycled from OCI
As at
31st March, 2026
As at
31st March, 2025
Within one year
(41.14)
(4.54)
Between one and three years
(0.18)
-
Total
(41.32)
(4.54)

Foreign Currency Sensitivity

For every percentage point increase / decrease in the underlying exchange rate of the outstanding foreign currency denominated
assets and liabilities, including derivative contracts, holding all other variables constant, the profit before tax for the year ended
31st March, 2026 would decrease / increase by ` 5.95 Crores (2025 - ` 5.08 Crores) and other equity as at 31st March, 2026 would
decrease / increase by ` 10.61 Crores (2025 - ` 16.06 Crores) on a pre-tax basis.

B. Interest Rate Risk

As the Company is virtually debt-free and its deferred payment liabilities do not carry interest, the exposure to interest rate risk
from the perspective of financial liabilities is negligible. Further, treasury activities, focused on managing investments in debt
instruments, are centralised and administered under a set of approved policies and procedures guided by the tenets of safety,
liquidity and returns. This ensures that investments are made within acceptable risk parameters after due evaluation.

The Company s investments are predominantly held in Government securities, bonds / debentures, fixed deposits, certificates
of deposit, commercial papers and debt mutual funds. Mark to market movements in respect of the Company s investments in
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
bonds / debentures that are held at amortised cost are temporary and get recouped through coupon accruals. Other investments
in Government securities, bonds / debentures, certificates of deposit, commercial papers are fair valued through the Statement
of Profit and Loss / Other Comprehensive Income to recognise market volatility, which is not considered to be significant. Fixed
deposits are held with highly rated banks and companies and have a short tenure and are not subject to interest rate volatility.

The Company also invests in debt mutual fund schemes of leading fund houses. Such investments are susceptible to market price
risks that arise mainly from changes in interest rate which may impact the return and value of such investments. However, given
the relatively short tenure of underlying portfolio of the debt mutual fund schemes in which the Company has invested, such price
risk is not significant.

C. Other Price Risk

The Company is not an active investor in equity markets; IT holds certain investments in equity for long term value accretion
which are accordingly measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income. The value of investments in such equity
instruments as at 31st March, 2026 is ` 2790.34 Crores (2025 - ` 3629.98 Crores). Accordingly, fair value fluctuations arising from
market volatility is recognised in Other Comprehensive Income.

For select agricultural commodities primarily held for trading, futures contracts are used to hedge price risks till positions in
the physical market are matched. Such activities are managed by the business team within an approved policy framework.
The carrying value of inventories is adjusted to the extent of fair value movement of the risk being hedged. Such hedges are
generally for short time horizons and recognised in profit or loss within the crop cycle. Accordingly, the Company s net exposure
to commodity price risk arising from such transactions is considered to be insignificant.

Credit Risk

Company s deployment in debt instruments are primarily in Government securities, fixed deposits with highly rated banks and
companies, bonds issued by Government institutions, public sector undertakings, mutual fund schemes of leading fund houses
and certificates of deposit / commercial papers issued by highly rated banks and financial institutions. Of this, investments that
are held at amortised cost stood at ` 8117.72 Crores (2025 - ` 12450.86 Crores). With respect to the Company s investing
activities, debt mutual fund schemes and counter parties are shortlisted and exposure limits determined on the basis of their credit
rating (by independent agencies), financial statements and other relevant information. As these counter parties are Central / State
Government, Government institutions / public sector undertakings with investment grade / sovereign credit ratings and taking into
account the experience of the Company over time, the counter party risk attached to such assets is considered to be insignificant.

The Company s customer base is large and diverse limiting the risk arising out of credit concentration. Company s payment
terms generally range from advance (generally settled within the operating cycle) to a credit period of up to 180 days, depending
upon specific circumstances and industry practices. Credit is extended in business interest in accordance with guidelines issued
centrally and business-specific credit policies that are consistent with such guidelines. Exceptions are managed and approved
by appropriate authorities, after due consideration of the counterparty s credentials and financial capacity, trade practices and
prevailing business and economic conditions. There is no significant financing component and / or remaining performance
obligation in respect of its transaction with the customers for sale of goods and services. The Company s exposure to trade
receivables on the reporting date, net of expected loss provisions, stood at ` 2925.60 Crores (2025 - ` 3910.79 Crores).

The Company s historical experience of collecting receivables and the level of default indicate that credit risk is low and generally
uniform across markets; consequently, trade receivables are considered to be a single class of financial assets. All overdue
customer balances are evaluated taking into account the age of the dues, specific credit circumstances, the track record of the
counterparty etc. Loss allowances and impairment is recognised, where considered appropriate by responsible management.

The movement of the expected loss provision (allowance for bad and doubtful loans, advances and receivables etc.) made by the
Company are as under:

(` in Crores)
Particulars
Expected Loss Provision
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Opening Balance
196.07
204.06
Add: Provisions made (net)
9.13
11.99
Less: Utilisation for impairment / de-recognition
15.52
17.02
Add: Assumed on Business Combination [Refer Note 29(ix)]
2.51
-
Less: Transferred pursuant to Scheme of
Demerger of Hotels business
-
2.96
Closing Balance
192.19
196.07
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 201
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
4. Fair value measurement

The following table presents the fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
(` in Crores)
Particulars
Fair Value
Hierarchy
(Level)
As at
31st March, 2026
As at
31st March, 2025
A. Financial assets
Preference Shares & Government or
Trust Securities
4781.28
7479.91
Investment in Mutual Funds
387.87
392.57

Loans*
3.03
4.88
Other Financial assets*
319.59
1569.34
Sub-total
5491.77
9446.70
Investment in Equity Shares - Quoted
2790.29
3629.93
Investment in Equity Shares - Unquoted
0.05
Investment in Mutual Funds
5486.78
5309.12
Investment in Bonds / Debentures &
Government or Trust Securities
2862.77
-
Sub-total
11139.89
8939.10
Measured at Fair value through Profit
or Loss
Investment in Mutual Funds
11820.37
10522.08
Certificates of Deposit & Government
or Trust Securities
3408.35
1586.96
Investment in Venture Capital Funds
174.18
132.81
Investment in Equity & Preference
Shares
34.39
32.97
Sub-total
15437.29
12274.82
Derivative instruments not designated
14.01
15.71
21.90
24.20
Sub-total
35.91
39.91
32104.86
30700.53
Financial Liabilities
Lease liabilities*
97.09
117.45
Other Financial liabilities*
324.74
72.21
Sub-total
421.83
189.66
Derivative instruments not designated
34.89
8.40
62.70
3.16
Contingent Consideration
22.85
12.65
Sub-total
120.44
24.21
542.27
213.87

* Represents fair value of non-current financial instruments.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

32. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 203
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026

Reconciliation of fair value movement of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and categorised
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy is as under:
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Financial
Assets
at FVTPL
Financial
Assets
at FVTOCI
Financial
Liabilities
at FVTPL
Financial
Assets
at FVTPL
Financial
Assets
at FVTOCI
Financial
Liabilities
at FVTPL
Opening Balance
32.97
0.05
12.65
39.34
0.05
12.65
Additions during the year
1.42
-
9.33
3.00
-
Sale / Transfer / Settlement during the year
-
Other Income
-
(0.87)
(9.37)
-
Other Comprehensive Income
-
Closing Balance
34.39
0.05
22.85
32.97
0.05
12.65

Fair value hierarchy

Fair value of the financial instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three levels:

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market or Net Asset Value (NAV) for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted price included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using market approach and valuation
techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If significant
inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.

Derivatives are valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs such as foreign exchange spot rates and forward
rates at the end of the reporting period, yield curves, risk free rate of returns, volatility etc., as applicable. The fair value of
investment in Bonds / Debentures, Government or Trust Securities, Certificates of Deposit / Commercial Papers, Venture Capital
Funds etc. and financial liabilities, where applicable, is determined using market observable inputs such as quotes from market
participants, value published by the issuer etc.

Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the fair value is determined using generally
accepted methodologies such as discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that
reflects the credit risk of counterparty.

The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and liabilities is considered to be equal to the
carrying amounts of these items due to their short - term nature. Where such items are non-current in nature, the same has been
classified as Level 3 and fair value determined using discounted cash flow basis. Similarly, unquoted equity instruments where
most recent information to measure fair value is insufficient, or if there is a wide range of possible fair value measurements, cost
has been considered as best estimate of fair value.

There has been no change in the valuation methodology for Level 3 inputs during the year. The Company has not classified any
material financial instruments under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The sensitivity of change in the unobservable inputs used
in fair valuation of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities does not have a significant impact on their value. There were no transfers
between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the year.

Report on the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone Ind AS
financial statements of ITC Limited ( the Company ),
which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026,
the Statement of Profit and Loss, including the Statement
of Other Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Cash
Flows and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year
then ended, and notes to the standalone Ind AS financial
statements, including a summary of material accounting
policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid
standalone Ind AS financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended
( the Act ) in the manner so required and give a true
and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the
Company as at March 31, 2026, its profit including other
comprehensive income, its cash flows and the changes in
equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial
statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing
(SAs), as specified under section 143(10) of the Act.
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further
described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Company
in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit
of the financial statements under the provisions of the
Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
standalone Ind AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
standalone Ind AS financial statements for the financial year
ended March 31, 2026. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
For each matter below, our description of how our audit
addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matter described below to be
the key audit matter to be communicated in our report.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the
Auditor s responsibilities for the audit of the standalone
Ind AS financial statements section of our report, including
in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to
our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the standalone Ind AS financial statements. The results of
our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matter below, provide the basis for our
audit opinion on the accompanying standalone Ind AS
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT
To the Members of ITC Limited
Revenue recognition
Revenue from the sale of goods (hereinafter referred
to as Revenue ) is recognised when the Company
performs its obligations to its customers and the amount
of revenue can be measured reliably and recovery
of the consideration is probable. The timing of such
recognition in case of sale of goods is when the control
over the same is transferred to the customer, which is
mainly upon delivery.
The timing of revenue recognition is relevant to the
reported performance of the Company. The management
considers revenue as a key measure for evaluation of
Our audit procedures included the following:
Assessed the Company s revenue recognition
accounting policies in line with Ind AS 115 ( Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ) and tested thereof.
Evaluated the integrity of the general information
and technology control environment and testing the
operating effectiveness of key IT application controls
over recognition of revenue.
Evaluated the design, implementation and operating
effectiveness of Company s controls in respect of
revenue recognition.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Independent Auditor s Report
of performance. There is a risk of revenue being
recorded before control is transferred.
Refer Note 1 to Standalone Ind AS Financial
Statements - Material Accounting Policies and Note
22A / 22B.
Tested the effectiveness of such controls over revenue
cut off at year-end.
On sample basis, tested supporting documentation
for sales transactions recorded during the year which
included sales invoices, customer contracts and
shipping documents.
Performed an increased level of substantive testing
in respect of sales transactions recorded during the
period closer to the year end and subsequent to the
year end.
Compared revenue with historical trends and where
appropriate, conducted further enquiries and testing.
Assessed disclosures in financial statements in
respect of revenue, as specified in Ind AS 115.
We have determined that there are no other key audit
matters to communicate in our report.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and
Auditor s Report Thereon
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual report, but does not
include the standalone Ind AS financial statements and
our auditor s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone Ind AS financial statements
does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone Ind AS
financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether such other
information is materially inconsistent with the standalone
Ind AS financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management for the Standalone
Ind AS Financial Statements
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for
the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with
respect to the preparation of these standalone Ind AS
financial statements that give a true and fair view of the
financial position, financial performance including other
comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity
of the Company in accordance with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133
of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. This responsibility
also includes maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting
policies; making judgements and estimates that are
reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls,
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant
to the preparation and presentation of the standalone
Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone Ind AS financial statements,
management is responsible for assessing the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless management
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 205

Independent Auditor s Report
Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
draw attention in our auditor s report to the related
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
up to the date of our auditor s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease
to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the standalone Ind AS financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the standalone
Ind AS financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance
with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and
to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the standalone Ind AS
financial statements for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026 and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.
either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for
overseeing the Company s financial reporting process.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the standalone Ind AS financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these standalone Ind AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
judgement
maintain
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the standalone Ind AS financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud
is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i)
of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing
our opinion on whether the Company has adequate
internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements in place and the operating effectiveness of
such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by management.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Independent Auditor s Report
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order,
2020 ( the Order ), issued by the Central Government
of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of
the Act, we give in the Annexure 1 a statement on the
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report,
to the extent applicable, that:

(a) We have sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our
audit;

(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required
by law have been kept by the Company so far as IT
appears from our examination of those books;

(c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss
including the Statement of Other Comprehensive
Income, the Statement of Cash Flows and
Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this
Report are in agreement with the books of account;

(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS
financial statements comply with the Accounting
Standards specified under Section 133 of the
Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;

(e) On the basis of the written representations
received from the directors as on March 31, 2026
taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of
the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026
from being appointed as a director in terms of
Section 164 (2) of the Act;

(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls with reference to these standalone
Ind AS financial statements and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate
Report in Annexure 2 to this report;

(g) In our opinion, the managerial remuneration
for the year ended March 31, 2026 has been
paid / provided by the Company to its directors in
accordance with the provisions of section 197 read
with Schedule V to the Act;

(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,
as amended in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations
given to us:

i. The Company has disclosed the impact of
pending litigations on its financial position in its
standalone Ind AS financial statements - Refer
Note 29 (v)(a) to the standalone Ind AS financial
statements;

ii. The Company did not have any long-term
contracts including derivative contracts for
which there were any material foreseeable
losses;

iii. There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the
Company;

iv. a) The management has represented that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no
funds have been advanced or loaned or
invested (either from borrowed funds or
share premium or any other sources or kind
of funds) by the Company to or in any other
person or entity, including foreign entities
( Intermediaries ), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or
entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate
Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries;

b) The management has represented that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no
funds have been received by the Company
from any person or entity, including foreign
entities
( Funding
Parties ),
understanding, whether recorded in writing
or otherwise, that the Company shall,
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 207

Independent Auditor s Report
in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the
Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
provide any guarantee, security or the like
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

c) Based on such audit procedures performed
that have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has
come to our notice that has caused us to believe
that the representations under sub-clause (a)
and (b) contain any material misstatement.

v. The final dividend paid by the Company during
the year in respect of the same declared for the
previous year is in accordance with section 123
of the Act to the extent IT applies to payment of
dividend.

The interim dividend declared and paid by
the Company during the year and until the
date of this audit report is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act.

As stated in Note B of Statement of Changes
in Equity to the standalone Ind AS financial
statements, the Board of Directors of the
Company have proposed final dividend for
the year which is subject to the approval of
the members at the ensuing Annual General
Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance
with section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies
to declaration of dividend.

vi. Based on our examination which included test
checks, the Company has used accounting
softwares for maintaining its books of account
which has a feature of recording audit trail
(edit log) facility and the same has operated
throughout the year for all relevant transactions
recorded in the softwares. Further, during the
course of our audit we did not come across any
instance of audit trail feature being tampered
with. Additionally, the audit trail has been
preserved by the Company as per the statutory
requirements for record retention.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802LWFRUR1543
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Re: ITC Limited (the Company )
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records
examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation
of Property, Plant and Equipment.

(B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of Intangible assets.

(b) The Property, Plant and Equipment were physically verified during the year by the management in accordance
with a regular programme of verification which, in our opinion, provides for physical verification of all the property,
plant and equipment at reasonable intervals. According to the information and explanations given to us, no material
discrepancies were noticed on such verification.

(c) According to the information and explanations given by the management, the title deeds of all the immovable
properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in
favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the Company.

(d) The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-use assets) or Intangible
assets during the year ended March 31, 2026.

(e) There are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the
Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii) (a) The inventories have been physically verified by the management during the year. In our opinion, the frequency of
verification by the management is reasonable and the coverage and procedure for such verification is appropriate.
Inventories lying with third parties have substantially been confirmed by them as at year end. No discrepancies of
10% or more in aggregate for each class of inventory (including inventories lying with third parties) were noticed.

(b) As disclosed in note 18 to the standalone Ind AS financial statements, the Company has been sanctioned working
capital limits in excess of ` 5 crores in aggregate from banks during the year on the basis of security of inventories
of the Company. Based on the records examined by us in the normal course of audit of the financial statements, the
quarterly returns / statements filed by the Company with such banks are in agreement with the books of accounts of
the Company.
(iii) (a) During the year the Company has not provided loans, advances in the nature of loans, stood guarantee or provided
security to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to
report on clause 3(iii)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(b) During the year the investments made by the Company is not prejudicial to the Company s interest. The Company
has not provided guarantees or security and has not granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to companies,
firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties and hence not commented upon.

(c) The Company has not granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to companies, firms, Limited Liability
Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(c) to 3(iii)(f) of the Order is
not applicable to the Company and hence not commented upon.
(iv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, provisions of section 185 and 186 of the
Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans to directors including entities in which they are interested and in respect of
loans and advances given, investments made and guarantees and securities given have been complied with by the
(v) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposit from the public
nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to be deposits during the year within the meaning of Sections 73 and 76
of the Companies Act, 2013. In respect of unclaimed deposits, the Company has complied with the provisions of
Sections 74 and 75 or any other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. We are informed by the management
that no order has been passed by the Company Law Board, National Company Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India
or any Court or any other Tribunal.
Annexure 1 referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading Report
on Other legal and Regulatory Requirements of our report of even date
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 209

(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central
Government for the maintenance of cost records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, related to the
manufacture of specified products of the Company and are of the opinion that prima facie, the specified accounts and
records have been made and maintained. We have not, however, made a detailed examination of the same.
(vii) (a) The Company is regular in depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues including Goods and
Services Tax, provident fund, employees state insurance, income-tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, cess and
other statutory dues applicable to IT.

(b) According to the information and explanations given to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and
Services Tax, provident fund, employees state insurance, income-tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, cess and other
statutory dues were outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more than six months from the date they became
payable.

(c) The dues of income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other
statutory dues that have not been deposited on account of any dispute, are as follows:
Name of
the statute
Nature of
the dues
Amount
(` In Crores)*
Period to which
the amount relates
(Financial Year)
Forums where the dispute
is pending
Sales Tax and
Value Added
Tax Laws
Sales Tax
and VAT
22.54

31.34

250.05

Appellate Authority -
Revisional Authorities Level
Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level
High Court
Customs Act,
Customs
Duty
6.11

21.98

Appellate Authority -
Revisional Authorities Level
Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level
Central Excise
Act, 1944
Excise Duty
0.31

45.43

4.79

Appellate Authority -
Revisional Authorities Level
Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level
High Court
Finance Act,
Service Tax
0.04

21.58

5.73

Appellate Authority -
Revisional Authorities Level
Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level
High Court
Entry Tax Laws
Entry Tax
0.94

18.37

73.46

Appellate Authority -
Revisional Authorities Level
Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level
High Court
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Name of
the statute
Nature of
the dues
Amount
(` in Crores)*
Period to which
the amount relates
(Financial Year)
Forums where the dispute
is pending
Luxury Tax Laws
Luxury Tax
54.95
Supreme Court
Goods and
Services Tax
Goods and
Services Tax
100.84

5.33

5.85

Appellate Authority -
Revisional Authorities Level
Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level
High Court
Mandi Laws
Mandi Fees
& Cess
0.40

1.82

Mandi Board

High Court
Municipal, Local
Bodies and
Property Tax
Laws
Municipal,
Local
Bodies and
Property
Taxes &
Charges
14.63
High Court
Stamp Duty
Laws
Stamp Duty
4.22
0.07
Registrar / Appellate Authority
High Court
The Employees
Provident
Funds and
Miscellaneous
Provisions Act,
Provident
Fund
0.45

1.34

Appellate Authority -
Tribunal Level

High Court
Employees
State Insurance
Act, 1948
Employees
State
Insurance
0.08
High Court

Out of the total disputed dues aggregating ` 692.65 Crores as above, ` 551.64 Crores pertain to matters which have
been stayed for recovery by the relevant authorities.

* Net of amount paid under protest.
(viii) The Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction, previously unrecorded in the books of account, in the
tax assessments under the Income-tax Act, 1961 as income during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on
clause 3(viii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(ix) (a) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to
any lender.

(b) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any
government authority.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 211

(c) The Company did not have any term loans outstanding during the year hence, the requirement to report on clause
3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(d) The Company did not raise any funds during the year hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(d) of the
Order is not applicable to the Company.

(e) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from
any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint venture. Hence,
the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(e) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(f) The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint venture
or associate companies. Hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable to the
(x) (a) According to the information and explanations given by the management, the Company has not raised any money
during the year by way of initial public offer / further public offer (including debt instruments) hence, reporting under
clause 3(x)(a) is not applicable to the Company and hence not commented upon.

(b) The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares / fully or partially or optionally
convertible debentures during the year under audit and hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(x)(b) of the
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi) (a) No fraud by the Company or no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year.

(b) During the year, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 has been filed by
cost auditor / secretarial auditor or by us in Form ADT - 4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.

(c) We have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year while
determining the nature, timing and extent of audit procedures.
(xii) In our opinion, the Company is not a nidhi company. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xii) (a) to (c) of the Order
are not applicable to the Company and hence not commented upon.
(xiii) According to the information and explanations given by the management, transactions with the related parties are in
compliance with section 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013 where applicable and the details have been disclosed
in the notes to the financial statements, as required by the applicable accounting standards.
(xiv) (a) The Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.

(b) The internal audit reports of the Company issued till the date of the audit report, for the period under audit have
been considered by us.
(xv) According to the information and explanations given by the management, the Company has not entered into any
non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with him as referred to in section 192 of Companies Act, 2013.
(xvi) (a) According to the information and explanations given to us, the provisions of section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
India Act, 1934 are not applicable to the Company.

(b) The Company is not engaged in any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities. Accordingly, the
requirement to report on clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company as defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of India.
Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

(d) There is no Core Investment Company as a part of the Group, hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(xvi)(d)
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802LWFRUR1543
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current year and in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly requirement to report on
Clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios disclosed in note 29(xvi) to the standalone Ind AS financial statements, ageing and
expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the
financial statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination
of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any
material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities
existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet
date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state
that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by
the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) (a) In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a
fund specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013, in compliance with second proviso to sub section 5 of
section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013. This matter has been disclosed in note 29(iii) to the standalone Ind AS

(b) There are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing projects, that are required to be transferred to a special
account in compliance of provision of sub section (6) of section 135 of Companies Act, 2013. This matter has been
disclosed in note 29(iii) to the standalone Ind AS financial statements.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 213

Annexure 2 to the Independent Auditor s Report of even date on
the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements of ITC Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act,
2013 ( the Act )
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone Ind AS financial statements of ITC Limited
( the Company ) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the
Company for the year ended on that date.
Management s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its
business, including adherence to the Company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal financial controls with reference to these standalone
Ind AS financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) and the Standards on Auditing, as specified
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both issued by ICAI.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to these standalone Ind
AS financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with
reference to these standalone Ind AS financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
controls with reference to standalone Ind AS financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial
controls with reference to these standalone Ind AS financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Company s internal financial controls with reference to these standalone Ind AS financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls With Reference to these Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements
A company s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls With Reference to Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to financial statements
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone
Ind AS financial statements and such internal financial controls with reference to standalone Ind AS financial statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established
by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802LWFRUR1543
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 215

Subsidiaries of ITC Limited
ITC Infotech India Limited (I3L)
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Information technology services and solutions.
Subsidiaries
I3L owns 100% of the shareholding of :
ITC Infotech (USA), Inc. (I2A)
ITC Infotech Limited, UK
ITC Infotech Do Brasil LTDA., Brazil
ITC Infotech France SAS
ITC Infotech GmbH, Germany
ITC Infotech Malaysia SDN. BHD.
ITC Infotech de México, S.A. de C.V.*
ITC Infotech Arabia Limited, Saudi Arabia
ITC Infotech Italia s.r.l., Italy and
Blazeclan Technologies Private Limited (BTPL)
* including one share held by I2A.
I2A owns 100% of the shareholding of Indivate Inc.
incorporated as a New Jersey Corporation.
BTPL owns 100% of the shareholding of:
Cloudlytics Technologies Private Limited
Blazeclan Technologies Pte. Ltd., Singapore
Blazeclan Technologies SDN. BHD., Malaysia
Blazeclan Technologies Pty. Ltd., Australia
Blazeclan Europe SRL., Belgium
Blazeclan Technologies Inc., Canada
Blazeclan Technologies LLC, USA and
Blazeclan Technologies Corporation, Philippines#
# including shares held by two Directors of that company.
Blazeclan Technologies Pty. Limited, Australia, owns
100% of the shareholding of Blazeclan Technologies
Limited, New Zealand.
All the above entities, other than Indivate Inc., are
engaged in the information technology services business.
Indivate Inc. is principally engaged in providing business
consulting services and opportunity based trading of
FMCG products.
Surya Nepal Private Limited, Nepal
Shareholding
61% held by ITC Limited.
Nature of Business
Manufacture and sale of cigarettes & branded packaged
food products.
Subsidiary
Surya Nepal Ventures Private Limited, a wholly owned
subsidiary, is engaged in the business of manufacture and
sale of agarbattis.
Shareholding
76% held by ITC Limited.
Nature of Business
Manufacture and sale of packaged food products from its
food processing facility based in Assam.
Fyve Elements LLC, USA
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Distribution of packaged food products in the USA
primarily under the 24 Mantra Organic brand.
Sresta Global FZE, UAE
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Guide to Subsidiaries / Joint Ventures / Associates
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Shareholding
Nature of Business
Investment company. Its activities are primarily confined
to making long-term investments in strategic thrust areas
for ITC, namely FMCG, Paper, Paperboards & Packaging,
Agri Business and Information Technology.
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Engaged in property infrastructure maintenance and
providing engineering, procurement & construction
management and project management consultancy
services.
Gold Flake Corporation Limited (GFCL)
Shareholding
Nature of Business
General trading.
Joint Venture
ITC Filtrona Limited, India, is a 50% joint venture of
GFCL with Filtrona Products International Limited, UK.
Nature of Business
Manufacture and sale of cigarette filter rods.
ITC Integrated Business Services Limited (IIBSL)
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Providing support to the Business Shared Services
operations of ITC Limited and its related entities.
Subsidiary
IIBSL owns 100% shareholding in MRR Trading &
Investment Company Limited, which provides estate
maintenance services.
Technico Pty Limited, Australia (Technico)
Shareholding
Nature of Business
An Agri-biotechnology company primarily engaged in
commercialisation of seed potatoes with TECHNITUBER
technology.
Subsidiaries
Technico has two wholly owned subsidiaries, namely
Technico Technologies Inc., Canada and Technico Asia
Holdings Pty Limited, Australia.
Technico Asia Holdings Pty Limited has a wholly owned
subsidiary, Technico Horticultural (Kunming) Co. Limited,
China.
These companies support Technico in the production
and commercialisation of seed potatoes in different
geographies.
Shareholding
Nature of Business
An Agri-biotechnology company primarily engaged in rapid
multiplication and commercialisation of seed potatoes with
TECHNITUBER technology and developing improved
climate resilient varieties to strengthen the potato value
chain, besides sourcing / supply of commercial potatoes.
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Manufacture and sale of nicotine and nicotine derivative
products from its facility in Karnataka.
Shareholding
Nature of Business
Manufacture and sale of moulded fibre products from its
facility in Madhya Pradesh.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 217

worth (residual interest in the assets of the subsidiaries
after deducting all its liabilities) of the subsidiaries at
the date of investment in the subsidiaries are treated
as goodwill / capital reserve in the CFS. The goodwill is
disclosed as an asset and capital reserve as a reserve in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive
income are attributed to the Group as owners and to
the non-controlling interest; likewise the non-controlling
interests in the net assets of the consolidated subsidiaries
is identified and presented separately within Equity in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Inter-Company transactions within the Group (both
Balance Sheet and Profit or loss items) are eliminated for
arriving at the Group CFS.
CFS is prepared applying uniform accounting policies of
ITC Limited to the Group companies.
Associates and Joint Ventures (Ind AS 28)
An investment in associate and joint venture is initially
recognised at cost on the date of the investment, and
is inclusive of any goodwill / capital reserve embedded
in the cost.
Only
share
net
profits / losses
comprehensive income of associates / joint ventures is
considered in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
The carrying amount of the investment in associates / joint
ventures is adjusted by the share of net profits / losses
and other comprehensive income in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Major Associate of the Group
ITC Hotels Limited (ITCHL)
Shareholding
39.85% held by ITC Limited.
Nature of Business
ITCHL is engaged in Hospitality business. ITCHL is
amongst the fastest growing hospitality chains in the
country with 150+ properties and over 14,000 rooms
under seven distinctive brands - ITC Hotels in the Luxury
segment, Mementos in the Luxury Lifestyle segment,
Welcomhotel in the Upper Upscale segment, Storii
in the Boutique Premium segment, Epiq Collection
in the Premium Segment, Fortune in the Mid-market to
Upscale segment and WelcomHeritage in the Leisure &
Heritage segment.
Note: The full list of the Group s Associates appears on
page 278.
Principles of Consolidation
The Group s interests in its subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures are reflected in the Consolidated Financial
Statements (CFS) in accordance with the relevant
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Subsidiaries (Ind AS 110)
Line by line consolidation of the Statement of Profit and
Loss and Balance Sheet is done by aggregating like items
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
The excess / deficit of the cost to ITC Limited of its
investments in its subsidiaries over its share of net

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 219
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries / Associate companies / Joint Ventures
Part A: Subsidiaries
Form AOC-1
Note: Turnover includes Other Income and Other Operating Revenue. Profit / (Loss) figures do not include Other Comprehensive Income.
Name of the Subsidiary
ITC Infotech
India
ITC Infotech
(USA), Inc.
ITC Infotech
ITC Infotech
Do Brasil
LTDA.
ITC Infotech
France SAS
ITC Infotech
GmbH
1.
U65991
WB1996
PLC077341
010055
02777705
010104
3526003
948 555
974 R.C.S.
Nanterre
HRB
130315
2.
21-Aug-
17-Jun-
26-Jan-
18-Nov-
10-Oct-
08-Feb-
10-Mar-
3.
[Section 2(87)(i) /
Section 2(87)(ii)]
4.
Financial Year ending on
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
5.
Reporting Currency
Indian Rupee
US Dollar
British Pound
US Dollar
Brazilian
Real
Euro
Euro
Exchange Rate on the last
day of the financial year
-
94.8350
125.5100
94.8350
18.0986
108.9950
6.
Share Capital
90.85
172.60
8.61
0.95
4.71
32.70
31.06
7.
Reserves & Surplus
1717.52
111.54
105.77
5.41
4.34
8.53
46.83
8.
Total Assets
2878.20
401.25
178.52
21.18
13.87
74.26
121.84
9.
Total Liabilities (excluding
Total Equity)
1069.83
117.11
64.14
14.82
4.82
33.03
43.95
10.
Investments (excluding
216.60
-
11.
Turnover
3625.65
1407.47
400.84
126.36
24.38
68.13
151.37
12.
Profit / (Loss) before tax
616.57
108.64
27.26
35.79
2.58
6.31
13.70
13.
(119.49)
(23.21)
(7.24)
-
(0.83)
(1.92)
(6.90)
14.
Profit / (Loss) after tax
497.08
85.43
20.02
35.79
1.75
4.39
6.80
15.
Proposed Dividend @
374.76
97.52
25.82
54.53
-
8.58
-
16.
100.00
(` in Crores)

(` in Crores)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Part A: Subsidiaries (Contd.)
Name of the Subsidiary
ITC Infotech
Malaysia
ITC Infotech
Arabia
ITC Infotech
de México,
S.A. de C.V.
ITC Infotech
Italia s.r.l.
Blazeclan
Technologies
Blazeclan
Technologies
Pty. Ltd.
Blazeclan
Technologies
1.
20230100
(1497685-D)
101096
Public
Deed No.
136755
60968
U72100
PN201
0PTC136385
ACN
619 364 359
NZBN
942904
7239982
2.
03-Feb-
17-Dec-
17-Apr-
23-Jul-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
3.
[Section 2(87)(i) /
Section 2(87)(ii)]
4.
Financial Year ending on
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
5.
Reporting Currency
Malaysian
Ringgit
Saudi Riyal
Mexican Peso
Euro
Indian Rupee
Australian
Dollar
New Zealand
Dollar
Exchange Rate on the
23.5450
25.2700
5.2444
108.9950
-
65.0225
54.2500
6.
Share Capital
18.84
40.43
19.11
10.90
11.03

7.
Reserves & Surplus
8.02
13.72
3.21
(0.55)
49.02
5.14
0.70
8.
Total Assets
33.77
478.93
24.35
20.62
178.57
27.87
1.42
9.
Total Liabilities (excluding
Total Equity)
6.91
424.78
2.03
10.27
118.52
22.73
0.72
10.
Investments (excluding
-
6.21
-
11.
Turnover
81.82
582.20
21.58
29.15
134.92
41.59
0.36
12.
Profit / (Loss) before tax
5.34
12.93
1.76
2.30
(29.78)
1.59
0.03
13.
(1.34)
(2.58)
(0.38)
(1.12)
9.67
(0.77)
(0.01)
14.
Profit / (Loss) after tax
4.00
10.35
1.38
1.18
(20.11)
0.82
0.02
15.
Proposed Dividend@
-
16.
100.00
Notes
i) Turnover includes Other Income and Other Operating Revenue. Profit / (Loss) figures do not include Other Comprehensive Income.
ii) Blazeclan Americas Inc. (Registration number: 6895757) has ceased to be a step-down subsidiary of the Company with effect from
24th March, 2026, consequent to voluntary dissolution.

(` in Crores)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 221
Part A: Subsidiaries (Contd.)
Note: Turnover includes Other Income and Other Operating Revenue. Profit / (Loss) figures do not include Other Comprehensive Income.
Name of the Subsidiary
Blazeclan
Technologies
Pte. Ltd.
Blazeclan
Technologies
Blazeclan
Technologies
Blazeclan
Europe
SRL.
Blazeclan
Technologies
Blazeclan
Technologies
Inc.
Cloudlytics
Technologies
Surya Nepal
1.
UEN
201332
946H
2018010
09351
(1271365-W)
202211007
0627.727.
5706757
002512972
U72900
PN2014
PTC152678
2.
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
01-Oct-
20-Aug-
3.
[Section 2(87)(i) /
Section 2(87)(ii)]
4.
Financial Year ending on
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
14-Mar-
5.
Reporting Currency
Singapore
Dollar
Malaysian
Ringgit
Philippine
Peso
Euro
US Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Indian
Rupee
Nepalese
Rupee
Exchange Rate on the
73.5250
23.5450
1.5588
108.9950
94.8350
68.1500
-
0.6250
6.
Share Capital

1.60
0.04

0.01
126.00
7.
Reserves & Surplus
8.40
2.13
0.21
0.32
0.55
(1.64)
(1.33)
739.68
8.
Total Assets
66.37
10.93
5.48
4.86
2.12
3.95
0.23
1281.03
9.
Total Liabilities (excluding
Total Equity)
57.97
8.80
3.67
4.50
1.57
5.59
1.55
415.35
10.
Investments (excluding
-
11.
Turnover
53.10
18.84
2.69
10.19
-
2.69
0.15
3539.70
12.
Profit / (Loss) before tax
4.95
0.38
0.05
0.91
(0.06)
0.15
0.01
1160.06
13.
(0.18)
(0.07)
(0.01)
0.08
(0.08)
(0.05)

(356.01)
14.
Profit / (Loss) after tax
4.77
0.31
0.04
0.99
(0.14)
0.10
0.01
804.05
15.
Proposed Dividend@
9.35
-
763.56
16.
100.00
61.00

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Part A: Subsidiaries (Contd.)
Name of the Subsidiary
Surya Nepal
Ventures
Technico
Pty Limited
Technico
Agri Sciences
Technico
Technologies
Inc.
Technico
Asia
Holdings Pty
Technico
Horticultural
(Kunming)
Co. Limited
Russell
Credit
Greenacre
Holdings
1.
314787/
ABN
45 063
602 782
U01111
WB1999
PLC284149
604509
ABN
81 079
609 813
530100400
003463
U65993
WB1994
PLC061684
U55202
WB1986
PLC049467
2.
03-Jul-
17-Aug-
17-Aug-
17-Aug-
17-Aug-
17-Aug-
26-Sep-
09-Nov-
3.
[Section 2(87)(i) /
Section 2(87)(ii)]
4.
Financial Year ending on
14-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
5.
Reporting Currency
Nepalese
Rupee
Australian
Dollar
Indian
Rupee
Canadian
Dollar
Australian
Dollar
Chinese Yuan
Renminbi
Indian
Rupee
Indian
Rupee
Exchange Rate on the
0.6250
65.0225
-
68.1500
65.0225
13.7219
-
6.
Share Capital
13.81
126.72
37.96
7.41
23.96
26.09
646.48
42.06
7.
Reserves & Surplus
2.69
(80.40)
227.81
(6.26)
(17.50)
3.48
323.03
26.28
8.
Total Assets
18.51
56.17
597.32
1.22
6.46
30.15
990.28
86.47
9.
Total Liabilities (excluding
Total Equity)
2.01
9.85
331.55
0.07
-
0.58
20.77
18.13
10.
Investments (excluding
0.06
-
133.51
-
915.29
51.21
11.
Turnover
18.03
30.18
426.32
0.12
2.07
6.06
75.10
16.72
12.
Profit / (Loss) before tax
1.67
19.07
89.72

2.06
1.78
64.15
4.41
13.
(0.34)
(3.91)
(9.83)
-
(13.02)
(0.80)
14.
Profit / (Loss) after tax
1.33
15.16
79.89

2.06
1.78
51.13
3.61
15.
Proposed Dividend@
-
32.73
24.68
6.30
1.97
2.29
25.47
-
16.
61.00
100.00
Note: Turnover includes Other Income and Other Operating Revenue. Profit / (Loss) figures do not include Other Comprehensive Income.
(` in Crores)

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2025 229
ITC Limited REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 223
Part A: Subsidiaries (Contd.)
Notes
i) Prag Agro Farm Limited (CIN: U01100MH1997PLC128846) ceased to be a wholly owned subsidiary ( WOS ) of the Company with effect from
10th December, 2025, consequent to its voluntary liquidation by the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ), Mumbai Bench. Further,
Pavan Poplar Limited (CIN: U01100MH1995PLC128849), a WOS, has filed for voluntary liquidation and the same is pending with NCLT.
ii) During the year, Sresta Natural Bioproducts Private Limited ( SNBPL ) [CIN: U01122TG2004PTC042837] was acquired by the Company and
became a WOS, and its two subsidiaries viz., Fyve Elements LLC, USA and Sresta Global FZE, UAE, became step-down WOS with effect
from 13th June, 2025. Pursuant to the Orders of NCLT, Kolkata and Hyderabad Benches, SNBPL has been amalgamated with the Company
with effect from 13th June, 2025 [Refer Note 30(ix) to the Consolidated Financial Statements ( CFS )].
iii) Wimco Limited (CIN: U24291WB1923PLC264251), a WOS, has also been amalgamated with the Company with effect from 1st April, 2025
[Refer Note 30(ix) to the CFS].
iv) No other subsidiary was sold or liquidated during the year.
v) All subsidiaries of the Company have commenced commercial operations.
vi) Turnover includes Other Income and Other Operating Revenue. Profit / (Loss) figures do not include Other Comprehensive Income.
Name of the Subsidiary
Gold Flake
ITC Integrated
Business
Services
MRR Trading
& Investment
North East
Nutrients
ITC
IndiVision
ITC Fibre
Innovations
Sresta
Global FZE
Fyve
Elements
1.
U16003
WB1935
PLC008314
U74110
WB2012
PLC176166
U65990
MH1980
PLC023259
U15122
WB2013
PTC196135
U16007
WB2020
PLC237915
U46496
WB2023
PLC260213
RAKFTZA-
FZE-
4009175
46-1480275
2.
29-Jan-
17-May-
23-Dec-
06-Feb-
29-Jul-
03-Mar-
13-Jun-
13-Jun-
3.
[Section 2(87)(i) /
Section 2(87)(ii)]
4.
Financial Year ending on
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
5.
Reporting Currency
Indian
Rupee
Indian
Rupee
Indian
Rupee
Indian
Rupee
Indian
Rupee
Indian
Rupee
US Dollar
US Dollar
Exchange Rate on the
-
94.8350
6.
Share Capital
16.00
7.50
0.05
73.00
120.00
335.00
0.60
7.97
7.
Reserves & Surplus
17.47
4.49
(0.01)
39.78
(123.84)
(58.44)
1.23
24.34
8.
Total Assets
33.98
15.70
0.06
122.97
468.56
293.48
5.24
86.34
9.
Total Liabilities (excluding
Total Equity)
0.51
3.71
0.02
10.19
472.40
16.92
3.41
54.03
10.
Investments (excluding
13.66
10.11
-
31.61
-
35.30
-
11.
Turnover
30.76
22.08
0.09
160.45
69.31
5.43
7.22
159.09
12.
Profit / (Loss) before tax
29.68
1.79
0.01
14.94
(35.60)
(40.38)
0.73
1.53
13.
(0.38)
(0.44)

(3.94)
2.71
6.90
-
0.10
14.
Profit / (Loss) after tax
29.30
1.35
0.01
11.00
(32.89)
(33.48)
0.73
1.63
15.
Proposed Dividend@
28.16
-
10.95
-
16.
100.00
76.00
100.00
(` in Crores)

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate companies and Joint Ventures
Part B: Associates and Joint Ventures
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No. : FCS3770)
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
Name of Associates / Joint
Ventures
Logix
Developers
Limited #
ITC
Filtrona
Russell
Investments
Divya
Management
Antrang
Finance
ATC
Ample
Foods
Mother
Sparsh Baby
Care Private
Sproutlife
Foods
ITC Hotels
1.
Latest audited Balance
Sheet Date
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
31-Mar-
2.
Date on which the
Associate or Joint Venture
was associated or acquired
27-Sep-
30-Jun-
14-May-
23-Nov-
21-Jan-
18-Jan-
04-Apr-
27-Oct-
04-May-
01-Jan-
3.
Shares of Associate / Joint
Venture held by the
Company on the year end
Number of Shares
77,66,913
22,50,000
42,75,435
41,82,915
43,24,634
1,94,775
2,62,500
6,732*
13,427&
83,00,00,000
Amount of Investment in
Associate / Joint Venture@@
(` in Crores)
-
159.33
46.13
10.98
7.93
9.36
129.11
86.04
194.09
4645.27
Extent of Holding %
27.90
50.00
25.43
33.33
47.64
43.75
39.47@
47.50@
39.85
4.
Description of how there is
significant influence
Joint Venture Joint Venture
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
5.
Reason why the
Associate / Joint Venture
is not consolidated
Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated
6.
Net worth attributable to
Shareholding as per latest
audited Balance Sheet
(` in Crores)
1.62
158.92
46.73
9.90
7.84
9.17
18.69
20.25
2.31
4645.27
7.
Profit / (Loss) for the year
(` in Crores)
0.23
82.76
12.32
8.14
6.84
(0.48)
(5.20)
(2.18)
(9.84)
816.89
i. Considered in

Consolidation

(` in Crores)
0.07
41.38
3.13
2.71
2.28
(0.23)
(2.28)
(1.26)
(4.67)
335.95
ii. Not considered in

Consolidation

(` in Crores)
0.16
41.38
9.19
5.43
4.56
(0.25)
(2.92)
(0.92)
(5.17)
480.94
# Financial Statements are as certified by the management of Logix Developers Private Limited ( Logix ). The Group has impaired the carrying value of investment
in Logix. [Refer Note 30(viii) to the CFS].
@@ Represent investment value as per CFS.
*
Comprises 694 Equity Shares fully paid-up (investment ` 11.12 Crores) and 6,038 CCPS fully paid-up (investment ` 74.92 Crores) [Refer Note 4 to the CFS]
& Comprises 2,443 Equity Shares fully paid-up (investment ` 27.29 Crores) and 10,984 CCPS fully paid-up (investment ` 166.80 Crores) [Refer Note 4 to the CFS].
@ on a fully diluted basis.
Notes
i) Logix Developers Private Limited is yet to commence commercial operations.
ii) The Company on 13th May, 2025 divested its entire shareholding in Delectable Technologies Private Limited (CIN: U15411KA2014PTC076415), consequent to
which Delectable ceased to be an associate of the Company with effect from the said date.
iii) No other associate or joint venture was liquidated or sold during the year.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 225
Consolidated
Financial Statements
Balance Sheet
Statement of Profit and Loss
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
Independent Auditor s Report

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
Note
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
ASSETS

(a) Property, Plant and Equipment
3A
17471.20
17428.89

(b) Capital work-in-progress
3B
1499.41
1087.60

(c) Investment Property
3C
303.36
322.40

(d) Goodwill
3D
993.29
896.93

(e) Other Intangible assets
3E
3173.66
2724.74

(f) Intangible assets under development
3F
102.47
3.31

(g) Right-of-use assets
3G
501.02
581.89

(h) Investment accounted for using the equity method
5288.24
4711.78

(i) Financial Assets

(i) Investments
12089.55
13720.54

(ii) Loans
4.87
7.60

(iii) Others
343.22
12437.64
1611.13
15339.27

(j) Deferred tax assets (Net)
155.18
87.98

(k) Income Tax Assets (Net)
22A
70.05
50.24

(l) Other non-current assets
1088.45
43083.97
962.37
44197.40
Current assets

(a) Inventories
18622.96
15637.56

(b) Biological assets other than bearer plants
249.69
198.58

(c) Financial Assets

(i) Investments
20750.64
16287.50

(ii) Trade receivables
3922.86
4719.67

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents
643.46
620.00

(iv) Bank Balances other than (iii) above
2365.33
3392.36

(v) Loans
8.52
9.51

(vi) Others
2361.34
30052.15
1662.32
26691.36

(d) Other current assets
1783.61
50708.41
1365.78
43893.28
TOTAL ASSETS
93792.38
88090.68
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity

(a) Equity Share capital
1252.95
1251.41

(b) Other Equity
71254.35
68778.64
Attributable to owners of the parent
72507.30
70030.05
365.72
72873.02
367.89
70397.94
Liabilities

(a) Financial Liabilities

(i) Borrowings
60.00
-

140.86
137.21

(iii) Other financial liabilities
510.40
711.26
301.34
438.55

(b) Provisions
389.43
303.11

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
3089.62
2582.46

(d) Other non-current liabilities
41.78
4232.09
34.51
3358.63
Current liabilities

(a) Financial Liabilities

(i) Borrowings
2126.22
91.26

71.98
56.07

(iii) Trade Payables

(A) total outstanding dues of micro and

small enterprises; and
350.13
180.64

(B) total outstanding dues of creditors

other than micro and small enterprises
5289.42
4626.66

(iv) Other financial liabilities
2099.15
9936.90
1865.98
6820.61

(b) Other current liabilities
5037.64
6203.79

(c) Provisions
423.91
80.06

(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
22B
1288.82
16687.27
1229.65
14334.11
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
93792.38
88090.68

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 227
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
Note
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Continuing Operations

Revenue From Operations
23A,23B
89913.33
81612.78
Other Income
2425.80
2529.69
Total Income (I+II)
92339.13
84142.47
EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed
26272.33
23757.33
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade and Biological Assets
8826.01
8947.04
Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-Trade, work-in-progress,
intermediates and Biological Assets
(2550.46)
(725.65)
Excise duty
11044.93
6289.44
Employee benefits expense
6781.50
6169.78
Finance costs
85.17
45.06
1710.53
1646.32
Other expenses
12221.11
11196.63
Total expenses (IV)
64391.12
57325.95
Share of profit / (loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures
377.08
110.42
Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV+V)
28325.09
26926.94
Exceptional Items
30(i)
(291.70)
-
Profit before tax (VI+VII)
28033.39
26926.94
Tax expense
Current Tax
6412.97
6509.61
Deferred Tax
602.27
380.86
Profit for the year from continuing operations (VIII-IX)
21018.15
20036.47
Profit before exceptional items and tax from discontinued operations
-
525.84
Exceptional Items of discontinued operations
-
15128.81
Tax expense of discontinued operations
-
638.64
Profit for the year from discontinued operations (XI+XII-XIII)
-
15016.01
Profit for the year (X+XIV)
21018.15
35052.48
Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:

- Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans
30(vi)
(22.05)
(26.13)

- Equity instruments through other comprehensive income
(839.64)
(1043.31)

-
Effective portion of gains / (losses) on designated portion of hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge
33.54
0.23

-
Share of other comprehensive income in Associates and

Joint Ventures
(7.12)
(3.41)
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
111.65
59.58
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:

-
Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of

foreign operations
131.48
352.94

-
(61.73)
72.81

-
Effective portion of gains / (losses) on designated portion of hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge
(78.57)
(12.98)

-
Share of other comprehensive income in Associates and

Joint Ventures
53.74
(14.45)
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
35.41
(10.14)
Other Comprehensive Income [A(i+ii)+B(i+ii)]
(643.29)
(624.86)
XVII Total Comprehensive Income for the year (XV+XVI)
20374.86
34427.62
Attributable to

20689.47
34746.63

328.68
305.85
Other Comprehensive Income
Attributable to

(642.20)
(624.87)

(1.09)
0.01
Attributable to

20047.27
34121.76

327.59
305.86
XVIII Earnings per equity share (Face Value ` 1.00 each):
30(ii)
For Continuing Operations

16.52
15.78

16.51
15.76
For Discontinued Operations

-
12.01

-
11.99
For Continuing and Discontinued Operations

16.52
27.79

16.51
27.75

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31st March, 2026
A. Equity Share capital
(` in Crores)
Balance at the beginning
of the reporting year
Changes in equity share
capital during the year
Balance at the end of the
reporting year
For the year ended 31st March, 2026
1251.41
1.54
1252.95
For the year ended 31st March, 2025
1248.47
2.94
1251.41
B. Other Equity
(` in Crores)
Reserves and Surplus
Items of Other Comprehensive Income
Attributable
to owners
of the
parent
Non-
controlling
interests
Total
Capital
Reserve
Securities
Premium
Capital
Reserve on
Consolidation
Special
Reserve
Section
45-IC of the
RBI Act,
Employees
Housing
Reserve
under Nepal
labour laws
Subsidy
Reserve
Share-based
Payment
Reserve
Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Contingency
Reserve
General
Reserve
Retained
Earnings
Debt
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Equity
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Effective
Cash Flow
Hedges
Exchange
differences
on translating
of foreign
Balance as at 1st April, 2025
5.37 15834.70
0.89
185.22
81.45
0.14
422.76
13.98
363.05
83.41 49010.14
49.64
2709.94
(13.89)
31.84 68778.64
367.89 69146.53
-
- 20689.47
-
- 20689.47
328.68 21018.15
-
(28.42)
(46.09)
(719.21)
(33.70)
185.22
(642.20)
(1.09)
(643.29)
-
- 20661.05
(46.09)
(719.21)
(33.70)
185.22 20047.27
327.59 20374.86
Issue of equity shares under ITC Employee Stock
Option Schemes
-
403.31
-
403.31
-
403.31
Dividends
- Final Dividend (2024-25 - ` 7.85 per share)
-
(9823.58)
-
(9823.58)
(303.86) (10127.44)
- Interim Dividend (2025-26 - ` 6.50 per share)
-
(8144.00)
-
(8144.00)
-
(8144.00)
-
(0.58)
-
(0.58)
-
(0.58)
Transfer from Share-based Payment Reserve on
exercise and lapse
-
106.49
-
(109.98)
-
3.49
-
(13.72)
-
(13.72)
-
(13.72)
Transfer from / to Retained Earnings
-
10.23
-
(0.14)
-
(10.09)
-
Recognition of Share-based Payment
-
135.33
-
135.33
-
135.33
Acquisition of Non-controlling interests
[Refer Note 30(iii)(a)]
-
(83.41)
(44.91)
-
(128.32)
(25.90)
(154.22)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026
5.37 16344.50
0.89
195.45
81.45
-
448.11
13.98
363.05
- 51651.52
3.55
1990.73
(61.31)
217.06 71254.35
365.72 71620.07
Balance as at 1st April, 2024
5.46 14813.95
72.67
175.72
81.45
0.23
507.59
13.90
363.05 17672.57 36172.49
(9.76)
3700.36
(4.50)
(306.65) 73258.53
382.97 73641.50
-
- 34746.63
-
- 34746.63
305.85 35052.48
-
(22.47)
59.40
(990.75)
(9.54)
338.49
(624.87)
0.01
(624.86)
-
- 34724.16
59.40
(990.75)
(9.54)
338.49 34121.76
305.86 34427.62
Issue of equity shares under ITC Employee Stock
Option Schemes
-
794.39
-
794.39
-
794.39
Dividends
- Final Dividend (2023-24 - ` 7.50 per share)
-
(9363.54)
-
(9363.54)
(285.57)
(9649.11)
- Interim Dividend (2024-25 - ` 6.50 per share)
-
(8133.11)
-
(8133.11)
-
(8133.11)
-
19.45
-
19.45
-
19.45

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 229
B. Other Equity (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31st March, 2026
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Capital Reserve and Capital Reserve on Consolidation: These Reserves represent the difference between value of the net assets transferred
to the Group in the course of business combinations and the consideration paid for such combinations.
Securities Premium: This Reserve represents the premium on issue of shares and can be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013.
Special Reserve under Section 45-IC of the RBI Act, 1934: This Reserve represents profits transferred before declaration of dividend by a
Company which is registered as NBFC (Non-Banking Financial Company) with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
Employees Housing Reserve under Nepal labour laws: This Reserve represents the amounts set aside for providing employees housing as
per the provisions of the erstwhile Labour Act, 2048 of Nepal, which has since been replaced by the Labour Act, 2074 of Nepal.
Subsidy Reserve: This Reserve represents amounts taken over by the Group in the course of business combinations.
Share-based Payment Reserve: This Reserve relates to Stock Options / Equity Settled Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs) granted by the
Company to employees under the ITC Employee Stock Option Schemes and ITC Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme. This Reserve is
transferred to Securities Premium or Retained Earnings on exercise or lapse of vested Options / ESARs.
Capital Redemption Reserve: This Reserve has been transferred to the Group in the course of business combinations and can be utilized in
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Contingency Reserve: This Reserve has been created out of Retained Earnings, as a matter of prudence, to take care of any unforeseen
adverse developments in pending legal disputes.
General Reserve: This Reserve was created by an appropriation from one component of equity (generally Retained Earnings) to another, not
being an item of Other Comprehensive Income. The same can be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Retained Earnings: This Reserve represents the cumulative profits of the Group and effects of remeasurement of defined benefit obligations.
This Reserve can be utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Debt Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income: This Reserve represents the cumulative gains (net of losses) arising on revaluation
of Debt Instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income, net of amounts reclassified, if any, to profit or loss when those
instruments are disposed of.
Equity Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income: This Reserve represents the cumulative gains (net of losses) arising on revaluation
of Equity Instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income, net of amounts reclassified, if any, to Retained Earnings
when those instruments are disposed of.
Effective portion of Cash Flow Hedges: This Reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of changes in Fair Value of hedging instrument
that are designated as Cash Flow Hedges. IT will be reclassified to profit or loss or included in the carrying amount of the non-financial asset in
accordance with the Group s accounting policy.
Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations: This Reserve represents (a) accumulated balance of
foreign exchange differences from translation of the financial statements of the Group s foreign operations arising at the time of consolidation
of such entities and (b) accumulated foreign exchange differences arising on monetary items that, in substance, form part of the Group s net
investment in a foreign operation. Such foreign exchange differences are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income. Exchange differences
previously accumulated in this Reserve are reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the concerned foreign operation.
The Board of Directors of the Company have recommended Final Dividend of ` 8.00 per Ordinary Share of ` 1/- each for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 (previous year: Final Dividend ` 7.85 per Ordinary Share) amounting to ` 10023.57 Crores. The said Final Dividend is subject to the approval
of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and has not been included as a liability in these financial statements.
Together with the Interim Dividend of ` 6.50 per Ordinary Share (previous year: ` 6.50 per Ordinary Share) paid on 27th February, 2026, the total Equity Dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 is ` 14.50 per Ordinary Share (previous year: ` 14.35 per Ordinary Share).
Reserves and Surplus
Items of Other Comprehensive Income
Attributable
to owners
of the
parent
Non-
controlling
interests
Total
Capital
Reserve
Securities
Premium
Capital
Reserve on
Consolidation
Special
Reserve
Section
45-IC of the
RBI Act,
Employees
Housing
Reserve
under Nepal
labour laws
Subsidy
Reserve
Share-based
Payment
Reserve
Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Contingency
Reserve
General
Reserve
Retained
Earnings
Debt
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Equity
Instruments
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Effective
Cash Flow
Hedges
Exchange
differences
on translating
of foreign
Transfer from Equity Instruments through Other
Comprehensive Income on sale of equity shares
-
(0.33)
-
0.33
-
Transfer from Share-based Payment Reserve on
exercise and lapse
-
197.53
-
(199.21)
-
1.68
-
0.15
-
0.15
-
0.15
Recognition of Share-based Payment
-
137.27
-
137.27
-
137.27
Fair value of Demerged Undertaking distributed to
the shareholders of the Company
-
- (22033.37)
-
- (22033.37)
-
(22033.37)
Transfer from Retained Earnings
-
9.50
-
4448.06
(4457.56)
-
Derecognised pursuant to Scheme of Demerger of
Hotels business
(0.09)
28.83
(71.78)
-
(0.09)
(22.89)
0.08
-
(3.85)
46.90
-
(22.89)
(35.37)
(58.26)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025
5.37 15834.70
0.89
185.22
81.45
0.14
422.76
13.98
363.05
83.41 49010.14
49.64
2709.94
(13.89)
31.84 68778.64
367.89 69146.53

31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
A. Cash Flow from Operating Activities
PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
28033.39
26926.94
PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
-
15654.65
ADJUSTMENTS FOR

1710.53
1950.58

Share based payments to employees
128.00
133.79

Finance costs
85.17
50.01

Interest Income
(1462.23)
(1510.46)

Dividend Income
(15.16)
(12.14)

Net gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, lease termination
(11.56)
(135.69)

Inventory write-offs / write-downs (net of reversals)
362.93
235.05

30.12
11.64

0.62
1.95

Impairment of investment in joint venture and associate
0.07
7.87

Loss recognised on disposal of subsidiary
0.99
-

(0.01)
-

Share of (profit) / loss of associates and joint ventures
(377.08)
(121.77)

Gain recognised on fair valuation of net assets distributed pursuant to

Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-
(15583.12)

Net gain arising on financial instruments measured at amortised

cost / fair value through profit or loss / fair value through other

comprehensive income
(860.01)
(896.84)

Foreign currency translations and transactions - Net
(25.57)
(433.19)
6.78
(15862.35)
OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES
27600.20
26719.24
ADJUSTMENTS FOR

Trade receivables, advances and other assets
468.08
(1022.80)

Inventories and biological assets other than bearer plants
(3306.25)
(2975.38)

Trade payables, other liabilities and provisions
75.89
(2762.28)
1256.18
(2742.00)
CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS
24837.92
23977.24

Income tax paid (net of refunds)
(6373.61)
(6350.20)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
18464.31
17627.04
B. Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment, Intangibles, ROU asset etc.
(2182.89)
(2278.70)

Sale of property, plant and equipment
50.45
175.42

Purchase of current investments
(65566.51)
(65999.55)

Sale / redemption of current investments
62370.47
66919.64

Investment in associates
(183.09)
(29.99)

Divestment of shares held in associate
0.01
-

Purchase of non-current investments
(2606.33)
(373.69)

Sale / redemption of non-current investments
3366.19
390.91

Payment towards business combination, including cash and cash

equivalents assumed / acquired [Refer Note 30(ix)]
(279.47)
(248.73)

Dividend received from associates and joint venture
30.27
25.53

Dividend received from others
15.16
12.14

Interest received
917.01
1072.28

Investment in bank deposits (original maturity more than 3 months)
(1449.33)
(6256.85)

Redemption / maturity of bank deposits

(original maturity more than 3 months)
3762.04
6931.16

Investment in deposit with financial institution
(1768.50)
(1200.00)

Maturity of deposit with financial institution
1200.00
500.00

Loans given to employees
(9.53)
(17.55)

Loans realised from employees
13.31
13.88
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(2320.74)
(364.10)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31st March, 2026

31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
C. Cash Flow from Financing Activities

Proceeds from issue of share capital
404.85
797.33

Proceeds from current borrowings
2060.50
89.50

Repayment of current borrowings
(96.44)
(52.50)

Proceeds from non-current borrowings
60.00
-

Repayment of non-current borrowings
(8.87)
(1.52)

Principal payment of lease liabilities
(68.24)
(65.52)

Interest paid
(81.70)
(50.01)

Acquisition of non-controlling interest
(154.22)
-

Net increase in statutory restricted accounts balances
9.02
8.09

Dividend paid
(18271.44)
(17782.22)

Dividend distribution tax (paid) / refund received
(0.58)
19.45
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES
(16147.12)
(17037.40)
NET (DECREASE) / INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
(3.55)
225.54
OPENING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
622.38
596.58
LESS: ON DEMERGER OF HOTELS BUSINESS
-
199.74
CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
618.83
622.38
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 231
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31st March, 2026
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
Notes
1.
The above Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the Indirect Method as set out in Ind AS 7 - Statement of Cash Flows.
2.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
As at
31st March, 2026
As at
31st March, 2025

Cash and cash equivalents (Note 13)
643.46
620.00

Less: Cash credit facilities (Note 16)
25.22
-

Less: Unrealised gain / (loss) on foreign currency cash and cash equivalents
(0.59)
(2.38)

Cash and cash equivalents as per Statement of Cash Flows
618.83
622.38
3.
Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities includes an amount of ` 503.21 Crores (2025 - ` 456.51 Crores) spent towards Corporate
Social Responsibility.
4.
Disclosure of non-cash movement arising from financing activities in respect of lease liabilities - Refer Note 17.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Material Accounting Policies
Statement of Compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
amendments thereto. The financial statements have also
been prepared in accordance with the relevant presentation
requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. The Group
adopted Ind AS from 1st April, 2016.
Basis of Preparation
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with
the historical cost convention, except for certain items that
are measured at amortised cost or fair value, as explained
in the accounting policies.
Fair Value is the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date,
regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating
the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into
account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
participants would take those characteristics into account
when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
Fair value for measurement and / or disclosure purposes in
these consolidated financial statements is determined on
such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions
that are within the scope of Ind AS 102 - Share-based
Payment, leasing transactions that are within the scope of
Ind AS 116 - Leases, and measurements that have some
similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
realisable value in Ind AS 2 - Inventories or value in use in
Ind AS 36 - Impairment of Assets.
with Ind AS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the
accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The estimates
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
affects only that period; they are recognised in the period
of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
Basis of Consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements (CFS) include the
financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
together with the share of the total comprehensive income
of joint ventures and associates.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. Associates
are entities over which the Group exercise significant
influence but does not control. Joint Ventures ( JV ) are
entities in which the Group has the ability to exercise control
jointly with one or more uncontrolled entities and the parties
have proportionate interests in the assets and liabilities of
the JV entity.
Control, significant influence and joint control is assessed
annually with reference to the voting power (usually arising
from equity shareholdings and potential voting rights) and
other rights (usually contractual) enjoyed by the Group in
its capacity as an investor that provides IT the power and
consequential ability to direct the investee s activities and
significantly affect the Group s returns from its investment.
Such assessment requires the exercise of judgement and is
disclosed by way of a note to the Financial Statements. The
Group is considered not to be in control of entities where
IT is unclear as to whether IT enjoys such power over the
investee.
The assets, liabilities, income and expenses of subsidiaries
are aggregated and consolidated, line by line, from the date
control is acquired by any Group entity to the date IT ceases.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive
income are attributed to the Group as owners and to
the non-controlling interests. The Group presents the
non-controlling interests in the Balance Sheet within
equity, separately from the equity of the Group as owners.
The excess of the Group s investment in a subsidiary over
its share in the net worth of such subsidiary on the date
control is acquired is treated as goodwill while a deficit is
considered as a capital reserve in the CFS.
An investment in an associate or a JV is initially recognised
at cost on the date of the investment, and inclusive of
any goodwill / capital reserve embedded in the cost, in the
Balance Sheet. The proportionate share of the Group in
the net profits / losses as also in the other comprehensive
income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
and the carrying value of the investment is adjusted by a
like amount (referred as equity method ).
Group Information
ITC Limited (the Holding Company ) [CIN: L16005WB1910PLC001985]
is a public limited company domiciled in India with its
registered office located at Virginia House, 37 Jawaharlal
Nehru Road, Kolkata 700 071. The Holding Company s
shares are listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited and BSE Limited. The Holding Company and its
subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group ) has
presence in multiple businesses spanning Fast-Moving
Consumer Goods (Cigarettes & Cigars, Foods, Personal
Care Products, Education & Stationery Products, Safety
Matches and Agarbattis), Paperboards, Paper and
Packaging, Agri Business and Information Technology.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 233
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
and cash flows relating to transactions between members
of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation. While
preparing CFS, appropriate adjustments are made to
subsidiaries / associates / JVs financial statements to ensure
conformity with the Group s accounting policies.
Operating Cycle
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or
non-current as per the Group s normal operating cycle and
other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act,
2013 and Ind AS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements
based on the nature of products and the time between the
acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation
in cash and cash equivalents. The Group has identified
twelve months as its operating cycle.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment (PP&E) are stated at cost of
and accumulated impairment, if any. For this purpose, cost
includes deemed cost which represents the carrying value of
PP&E recognised as at 1st April, 2015 measured as per the
previous Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
Cost is inclusive of inward freight, import duties &
non-refundable taxes and incidental expenses related
to acquisition. In respect of major projects involving
construction, related pre-operational expenses form part of
the value of assets capitalised. Expenses capitalised also
include applicable borrowing costs for qualifying assets,
if any. All upgradation / enhancements are charged off as
revenue expenditure unless they bring similar significant
additional benefits.
An item of PP&E is derecognised upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to arise from
the continued use of asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
disposal or retirement of an item of PP&E is determined as
the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the asset and is recognised in the Statement of
Depreciation of these assets commences when the assets
are ready for their intended use, which is generally on
commissioning. Items of PP&E are depreciated in a manner
that amortizes the cost (or other amount substituted for
cost) of the assets after commissioning, less its residual
value, over their useful lives as specified in Schedule II of
the Companies Act, 2013 on a straight-line basis. Land is
not depreciated.
The estimated useful lives of PP&E of the Group are
Buildings
30-60 Years
Leasehold Improvements
Shorter of lease period or
estimated useful lives
Plant and Equipment
3-25 Years
Furniture and Fixtures
8-10 Years
Vehicles
8-10 Years
Office Equipment
5. Years
PP&E s residual values, useful lives and method of
depreciation are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date
and changes, if any, are treated as changes in accounting
estimate.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill arising on Business Combination is carried at
cost less any accumulated impairment losses. The Group
also presents the excess of the Group s investment in a
subsidiary over its share in the net worth of such subsidiary
on the date control is acquired as goodwill arising on
consolidation.
Goodwill is annually tested for impairment. Impairment
loss, if any, to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the
recoverable amount is charged off to the Statement of Profit
and Loss as IT arises and is not reversed. For impairment
testing, goodwill is allocated to Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
or group of CGUs to which IT relates, which is not larger
than an operating segment, and is monitored for internal
management purposes.
On disposal of the CGU or group of CGUs, attributable
amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
profit or loss recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Other Intangible Assets
Other Intangible Assets that the Group controls and from
which IT expects future economic benefits are capitalised
upon acquisition and measured initially:
a. for assets acquired in a business combination, at fair
value on the date of acquisition.
b. for separately acquired assets, at cost comprising
the purchase price (including import duties and
non-refundable taxes) and directly attributable costs to
prepare the asset for its intended use.
Internally generated assets for which the cost is clearly
identifiable are capitalised at cost. Research expenditure is
recognised as an expense when IT is incurred. Development
costs are capitalised only after the technical and commercial
feasibility of the asset for sale or use has been established.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Thereafter, all directly attributable expenditure incurred to
prepare the asset for its intended use are recognised as the
cost of such assets. Internally generated brands, websites
and customer lists are not recognised as intangible assets.
The carrying value of intangible assets includes deemed
cost which represents the carrying value of intangible
assets recognised as at 1st April, 2015 measured as per
the previous GAAP.
After initial recognition, an intangible asset is carried at
its cost less accumulated amortization and / or impairment
losses.
The useful life of an intangible asset is considered finite
where the rights to such assets are limited to a specified
period of time by contract or law (e.g. patents, licences,
trademarks, franchise and servicing rights) or the likelihood
of technical, technological obsolescence (e.g. computer
software, design, prototypes) or commercial obsolescence
(e.g. lesser known brands to which adequate marketing
support may not be provided). If, there are no such
limitations, the useful life is taken to be indefinite.
Intangible assets that have finite lives are amortized over
their estimated useful lives by the straight-line method
unless IT is practical to reliably determine the pattern of
benefits arising from the asset. An intangible asset with
an indefinite useful life is not amortized. However, IT is
annually tested for impairment. Amortization expenses and
impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses are
included in the Depreciation and amortization expense
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
The estimated useful lives of intangible assets of the Group
with finite lives are as follows:
Trademarks / Know How,
Business and Commercial
Rights
10-30 Years (unless shorter
useful life is required based
on contractual or legal
terms)
Computer Software
3-5 Years
Customer Relationships /
Contracts
5-8 Years
Business Alliances /
Partnerships
7. Years
Software Tools
6. Years
Sourcing Network
7. Years
The useful lives of intangible assets are reviewed annually to
determine if a reset of such useful life is required for assets
with finite lives and to confirm that business circumstances
continue to support an indefinite useful life assessment for
assets so classified. Based on such review, the useful life
may change or the useful life assessment may change from
indefinite to finite. The impact of such changes is accounted
for as a change in accounting estimate.
Investment Property
Properties that are held for long-term rental yields and / or
for capital appreciation are classified as investment
properties. Investment properties are stated at cost of
and accumulated impairment, if any. Depreciation is
recognised using the straight-line method so as to amortize
the cost of investment properties over their useful lives as
specified in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Freehold
land and properties under construction are not depreciated.
The estimated useful lives of investment properties are
same as those disclosed for PP&E.
Transfers to, or from, investment properties are made at
the carrying amount when and only when there is a change
in use.
An item of investment property is derecognised upon
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
to arise from the continued use of asset. Any gain or loss
arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of investment
property is determined as the difference between the sales
proceeds and the carrying amount of the property and is
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Income received from investment property is recognised
in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease.
Impairment of Assets
Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent, the carrying
amount of assets or CGU exceeds their recoverable
amount.
Recoverable amount is higher of an asset s fair value less
costs of disposal and its value in use. Value in use is the
present value of estimated future cash flows expected to
arise from the continuing use of an asset or CGU and from
its disposal at the end of its useful life.
Impairment losses recognised in prior years are reversed
when there is an indication that the impairment losses
recognised no longer exist or have decreased. Such
reversals are recognised as an increase in carrying
amounts of assets to the extent that IT does not exceed the
carrying amounts that would have been determined (net of
amortization or depreciation) had no impairment loss been
recognised in previous years.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable
value. The cost is calculated on weighted average method.
Cost comprises expenditure incurred in the normal course
of business in bringing such inventories to their present
location and condition and includes, where applicable,
appropriate overheads based on normal level of activity.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price less
estimated costs for completion and sale.
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 235
Obsolete, slow moving and defective inventories are
identified from time to time and, where necessary,
a provision is made for such inventories.
Foreign Currency Transactions
The presentation currency of the Group is Indian Rupee.
Transactions in foreign currency are accounted for at
the exchange rate prevailing on the transaction date.
Gains / losses arising on settlement, as also on translation
of monetary items are recognised in the Statement of
Exchange differences arising on monetary items that, in
substance, form part of the Group s net investment in a
foreign operation (having a functional currency other than
Indian Rupee) are recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in Foreign Currency Translation
Reserve.
For the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:
(a) assets and liabilities of foreign operations, together
with goodwill and fair value adjustments assumed on
acquisition thereof, are translated to Indian Rupees at
exchange rates prevailing at the reporting period end;
(b) income and expense items are translated at the
average exchange rates prevailing during the period;
when exchange rates fluctuate significantly the rates
prevailing on the transaction date are used instead.
Differences arising on such translation are recognised
in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve and attributed to
non-controlling interests proportionately.
On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange
differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation
attributable to the owners of the Group is reclassified to the
Statement of Profit and Loss. In relation to a partial disposal,
the proportionate exchange differences accumulated in
equity is reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Derivatives and Hedge Accounting
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end
of each reporting period. The resulting gains / losses are
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss immediately
unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
hedging instrument, in which case the resulting gain / loss
is recognised as per the hedge accounting principles
stated below.
The Group complies with the principles of hedge accounting
where derivative contracts and / or non-derivative financial
assets / liabilities that are permitted under applicable
accounting standards are designated as hedging
instruments. At the inception of the hedge relationship, the
Group documents the relationship between the hedging
instrument and the hedged item, along with the risk
management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
hedge transaction, which can be a fair value hedge or a
cash flow hedge.
(i) Fair value hedges

Changes in fair value of the designated portion of
hedging instruments that qualify as fair value hedges
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
immediately, together with any changes in the fair value
of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the
hedged risk. Such fair value changes are recognised in
the line item relating to the hedged item in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.

for hedge accounting. The fair value adjustment to the
carrying amount of the hedged item arising from the
hedged risk is included in the Statement of Profit and
Loss from that date.
(ii) Cash flow hedges

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of
hedging instruments that are designated and qualify
as cash flow hedges is recognised in the other
comprehensive income and accumulated as Cash
Flow Hedge Reserve . The gains / losses relating to the
ineffective portion are recognised immediately in the

Amounts previously recognised and accumulated in
other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
or loss when the hedged item affects the Statement
of Profit and Loss. However, when the hedged item
results in the recognition of a non-financial asset, such
gains / losses are transferred from equity (but not as
reclassification adjustment) and included in the initial
measurement cost of the non-financial asset.

for hedge accounting. Any gains / losses recognised in
other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
at that time remain in equity and is reclassified when the
underlying transaction is ultimately recognised. When
an underlying transaction is no longer expected to occur,
the gains / losses accumulated in equity are recognised
immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures
Investment in associates and joint ventures are accounted
for using the equity method less accumulated impairment,
if any.
Financial instruments, Financial assets, Financial
liabilities and Equity instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when
the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
the relevant instrument and are initially measured at fair
value except for trade receivables that do not contain a
significant financing component, which are measured at
transaction price.
Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities
(other than financial assets and financial liabilities measured
at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted
from the fair value on initial recognition of financial assets or
financial liabilities. Purchase or sale of financial assets that
require delivery of assets within a time frame established by
regulation or convention in the market place (regular way
trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date when
the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Financial Assets
Recognition: Financial assets include Investments, Trade
receivables, Advances, Security deposits, Cash and cash
equivalents. Such assets are initially recognised at fair
value or transaction price, as applicable, when the Group
becomes party to contractual obligations. The transaction
price includes transaction costs unless the asset is being
fair valued through the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Classification: Management determines the classification
of an asset at initial recognition depending on the purpose
for which the assets were acquired. The subsequent
measurement of financial assets depends on such
classification.
Financial assets are classified as those measured at:
(a) amortised cost, where the financial assets are held
solely for collection of cash flows arising from payments
of principal and / or interest.
(b) fair value through other comprehensive income
(FVTOCI), where the financial assets are held not only
for collection of cash flows arising from payments of
principal and interest but also from the sale of such
assets. Such assets are subsequently measured at fair
value, with unrealised gains and losses arising from
changes in the fair value being recognised in other
(c) fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), where the
assets are managed in accordance with an approved
investment strategy that triggers purchase and sale
decisions based on the fair value of such assets.
Such assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
Unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in the
fair value, including interest income and dividend income,
if any, are recognised in other income in the Statement
of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.
Trade receivables, Advances, Security deposits, Cash
and cash equivalents etc. are classified for measurement
at amortised cost while investments may fall under any of
the aforesaid classes. However, in respect of particular
investments in equity instruments that would otherwise
be measured at fair value through profit or loss, an
irrevocable election at initial recognition may be made to
present subsequent changes in fair value through other
Impairment: The Group assesses at each reporting date
whether a financial asset (or a group of financial assets)
such as Investments, Trade receivables, Advances and
Security deposits held at amortised cost and financial
assets that are measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income are tested for impairment based
on evidence or information that is available without undue
cost or effort. Expected credit losses are assessed and loss
allowances recognised if the credit quality of the financial
asset has deteriorated significantly since initial recognition.
Reclassification: When and only when the business
model is changed, the Group shall reclassify all affected
financial assets prospectively from the reclassification date
as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair value through
profit or loss without restating the previously recognised
gains, losses or interest and in terms of the reclassification
principles laid down in the Ind AS relating to Financial
Instruments.
Derecognition: Financial assets are derecognised when
the right to receive cash flows from the assets has expired,
or has been transferred, and the Group has transferred
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership.
Concomitantly, if the asset is one that is measured at:
(a) amortised cost, the gain or loss is recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss;
(b) fair value through other comprehensive income, the
cumulative fair value adjustments previously taken to
reserves are reclassified to the Statement of Profit and
Loss unless the asset represents an equity investment,
in which case the cumulative fair value adjustments
previously taken to reserves are reclassified within
equity.
Income Recognition: Interest income is recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest
method. Dividend income is recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss when the right to receive dividend is
established.
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 237
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities
are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently
measured at amortised cost (other than those mandatorily
measured at fair value). Any discount or premium on
redemption / settlement is recognised in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as finance cost over the life of the liability
using the effective interest method and adjusted to the
liability figure disclosed in the Balance Sheet.
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is
extinguished, that is, when the contractual obligation
is discharged, cancelled or on expiry.
Offsetting Financial Instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount
is included in the Balance Sheet where there is a legally
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and
there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Equity Instruments
Equity instruments are recognised at the value of the
proceeds, net of direct costs of the capital issue.
Revenue
Revenue is measured at the transaction price that the
Company receives or expects to receive as consideration
for goods supplied and services rendered, net of returns
and estimates of variable consideration such as discounts
to customers. Revenue from the sale of goods is shown
to include Excise Duties and National Calamity Contingent
Duty which are payable on manufacture of goods but
excludes taxes such as VAT and Goods and Services Tax
which are payable in respect of sale of goods and services.
Revenue from the sale of goods and services is recognised
when the Group performs its obligations to its customers
and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably
and recovery of the consideration is probable. The timing
of such recognition in case of sale of goods is when the
control over the same is transferred to the customer, which
is mainly upon delivery and in case of services, in the period
in which such services are rendered.
Government Grant
Group entities may receive government grants that require
compliance with certain conditions related to the entity s
operating activities or are provided to the entity by way
of financial assistance on the basis of certain qualifying
criteria.
Government grants are recognised when there is
reasonable assurance that the grant will be received upon
the Group entity complying with the conditions attached to
the grant. Accordingly, government grants:
(a) related to or used for assets, are deducted from the
carrying amount of the asset.
(b) related to incurring specific expenditures are taken to
the Statement of Profit and Loss on the same basis and
in the same periods as the expenditures incurred.
(c) by way of financial assistance on the basis of certain
qualifying criteria are recognised in the Statement of
Profit and Loss as they become receivable.
In the unlikely event that a grant previously recognised is
ultimately not received, IT is treated as a change in estimate
and the amount cumulatively recognised is expensed in the
Dividend Distribution
Dividends paid (including income tax thereon, if any) are
recognised in the period in which the interim dividends are
approved by the Board of Directors, or in respect of the final
dividend when approved by the shareholders.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits are expensed in the period
in which the employee renders the related service on an
undiscounted basis. A liability is recognised for the amount
expected to be paid within twelve months, if the Company
has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay the
same as a result of past service provided by the employee
and the obligation can be reliably estimated.
The Group makes contributions to both defined benefit
and defined contribution schemes which are mainly
administered through duly constituted and approved Trusts.
Provident Fund contributions are in the nature of defined
contribution scheme. In respect of employees who are
members of constituted and approved trusts, the Group
recognises contribution payable to such trusts as an expense
including any shortfall in interest between the amount of
interest realised by the investment and the interest payable
to members at the rate declared by the Government of
India. In respect of other employees, provident funds are
deposited with the Government administered funds and
recognised as expense.
The Group makes contribution to defined contribution
pension plan. The contribution payable is recognised as an
expense, when an employee renders the related service.
The Group also makes contribution to defined benefit
pension and gratuity plan. The cost of providing benefits
under the defined benefit obligation is calculated by
independent actuary using the projected unit credit method.
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Service costs and net interest expense or income is
reflected in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Gain or Loss
on account of remeasurements are recognised immediately
through other comprehensive income in the period in which
they occur.
The employees of the Group are entitled to compensated
leave for which the Group records the liability based on
actuarial valuation computed using projected unit credit
method. These benefits are unfunded.
Actual disbursements made under the Workers Voluntary
Retirement Scheme are accounted as revenue expenses.
Employee Share Based Compensation
Equity Settled Share Based Payment Plans
Equity settled Stock Options / Stock Appreciation Rights
( ESARs ) are granted to eligible employees under
the ITC Employee Stock Option Schemes ( ITC ESOS ) and
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme
( ITC ESAR ), as may be decided by the Nomination &
Compensation Committee / Board. Further, eligible
employees of the Company have been granted equity
settled Stock Options under the ITC Hotels Special Purpose
Employee Stock Option Scheme ( ITCHL SP ESOS ),
in terms of the Scheme of Arrangement between the
Company and ITC Hotels Limited, and their respective
shareholders and creditors .
Under Ind AS, the cost of equity settled Stock Options /
ESARs is recognised based on the fair value of Stock
Options / ESARs as on the grant date.
The fair value of Stock Options / ESARs granted to the
employees of the Group is recognised as employee benefits
expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss over the
period in which the performance and / or service conditions
are fulfilled with a corresponding credit in equity for
ITC ESOS / ITC ESAR and recognised as a financial liability
for ITCHL SP ESOS. The fair value of Stock Options / ESARs,
net of recoveries, granted to employees on deputation or
secondment and to employees of the group companies is
considered as capital contribution / investment.
The Group generally recovers the fair value of Stock
Options / ESARs from such group companies, as applicable.
IT may, if recommended by the Corporate Management
Committee and approved by the Audit Committee, decide
not to seek such recovery in respect of value of Stock Options
from such companies, who need to conserve financial
capacity to sustain their business and growth plans and
where the quantum of reimbursement is not material - the
materiality threshold being ` 5 Crores for each entity for
a financial year.
Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward (SAR)
Plan
Cash Settled SAR units have been granted to eligible
employees under the ITC Employee Cash Settled Stock
Appreciation Linked Reward Plan, as may be decided by the
CMC / Nomination & Compensation Committee / Board.
For such cash settled SAR units, a liability is initially
measured at fair value on the grant date and is subsequently
remeasured at each reporting period, until settled. The fair
value of Cash Settled SAR units granted is recognised
as employee benefits expense in the Statement of Profit
service conditions are fulfilled for employees of the Group.
In case of Cash Settled SAR units granted to employees
on deputation or secondment and to employees of the
group companies, the Group generally recovers the fair
value of Cash Settled SAR units from the concerned group
companies.
Stock options granted by a subsidiary
The Board of Directors of a subsidiary have approved an
Equity Based Long Term Incentive Plan for certain eligible
employees of the Group under the ITC Infotech India Limited
Employee Stock Option Plan 2024. The eligible employees
for this purpose shall be such permanent employees, as
may be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee of the subsidiary.
These Options have been recognised as cash-settled
options and accordingly, a liability is initially measured at
fair value on the grant date and is subsequently remeasured
at each reporting period, until settled. The fair value of the
Options granted is recognised in the Statement of Profit
service conditions are fulfilled for employees of the Group.
Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a
contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
a lease if IT conveys the right to control the use of an identified
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Group as a Lessee
Right-of-Use (ROU) assets are recognised at inception of
a contract or arrangement for significant lease components
at cost less lease incentives, if any. ROU assets are
subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
The cost of ROU assets includes the amount of lease
liabilities recognised, initial direct cost incurred and lease
payments made at or before the lease commencement date.
ROU assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of
the lease term and estimated useful lives of the underlying
assets on a straight-line basis. Lease term is determined
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 239
1. Material Accounting Policies (Contd.)
based on consideration of facts and circumstances that
create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
option, or not to exercise a termination option. Lease
payments associated with short-term leases (i.e., those
leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from
the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
option) and low value leases (i.e., where the value of the
underlying asset, when new, in order of magnitude is
` 5 lakhs or less) are charged to the Statement of
Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis over the term of
the relevant lease.
The Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the
present value of lease payments to be made on the date
of recognition of the lease. Such lease liabilities do not
include variable lease payments (that do not depend on an
index or a rate), which are recognised as expense in the
periods in which they are incurred. Interest on lease liability
is recognised using the effective interest method. Lease
liabilities are subsequently increased to reflect the accretion
of interest and reduced for the lease payments made.
The carrying amount of lease liabilities is also remeasured
upon modification of lease arrangement or upon change
in the assessment of the lease term. The effect of such
remeasurements is adjusted to the value of the ROU assets.
Group as a Lessor
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially
all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset are
classified as operating leases. Where the Group is a lessor
under an operating lease, the asset is capitalised within
property, plant and equipment or investment property
and depreciated over its useful economic life. Payments
received under operating leases are recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis over
the term of the lease.
Taxes on Income
Taxes on income comprise current taxes and deferred
taxes. Current tax in the Statement of Profit and Loss
is provided as the amount of tax payable in respect of
taxable income for the period using tax rates and tax laws
enacted during the period, together with any adjustment to
tax payable in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and
the amounts used for taxation purposes (tax base), at the
tax rates and tax laws enacted or substantively enacted by
the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for the future tax
consequences to the extent IT is probable that future
taxable profits will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences can be utilised.
Income tax, insofar as IT relates to items disclosed under
other comprehensive income or equity, is disclosed
separately under other comprehensive income or equity,
as applicable.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is
legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the
same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities
are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to
offset and intends either to settle on net basis, or to realise
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Claims
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts are
disclosed after a careful evaluation of the facts and legal
aspects of the matter involved.
Provisions
Provisions are recognised when, as a result of a past
event, the Group has a legal or constructive obligation; IT
is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation; and the amount can be reliably
estimated. The amount so recognised is a best estimate
of the consideration required to settle the obligation at the
reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
surrounding the obligation.
In an event when the time value of money is material, the
provision is carried at the present value of the cash flows
estimated to settle the obligation.
Operating Segments
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent
with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
decision-maker (CODM). The CODM, who is responsible
for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
operating segments, has been identified as the Corporate
Management Committee.
Segments are organised based on businesses which
have similar economic characteristics as well as exhibit
similarities in nature of products and services offered,
the nature of production processes, the type and class of
customer and distribution methods.
Segment revenue arising from third party customers is
reported on the same basis as revenue in the financial
statements. Inter-segment revenue is reported on the basis
of transactions which are primarily market led. Segment
results represent profits before finance costs, unallocated
corporate expenses and taxes.
Unallocated Corporate Expenses include revenue and
expenses that relate to initiatives / costs attributable to the
Group as a whole.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
with generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the results of operations during
the reporting period end. Although these estimates are
based upon management s best knowledge of current
events and actions, actual results could differ from these
estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised
if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
A. Judgements in applying accounting policies
The following are the judgements, apart from those involving
estimations (see note B below), that the Group has made
in the process of applying the accounting policies and that
have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
consolidated financial statements:
1. Control

The Group assessed whether or not IT has control on its
investees based on whether, as an investor, IT has the
power / rights and consequently the practical ability to
direct the relevant activities of its investees unilaterally.
In making this judgement, the Group considered the
absolute size of its holding, the relative size of and
dispersion of other shareholders, and whether any
contractual arrangements exist between the Company
(and its subsidiaries) and other shareholders of the
investees. Based on this, and in accordance with its
Accounting Policy, the Group has determined that the
entities listed in the notes to the financial statements are
the only entities over which Group has control.

The
settlor
certain
trusts,
i.e., ITC Sangeet Research Academy, ITC Education
and Health Care Trust and ITC Rural Development
Trust. The Group while considering the nature and
insignificant variability of its return has concluded that IT
does not control these trusts.
2. Significant influence

The Group assessed whether or not IT has significant
influence on its investees based on its practical ability to
participate in the financial and operating policy decisions
of the investee, though IT is not in control or in joint
control of these policies. Based on such assessment,
the Group determined that the entities listed in the
notes to the financial statements are the only entities
over which the Group has significant influence, and
accordingly recognised as associates.
3. Joint Control

(i) The Group holds 27.90% of the equity share capital
of Logix Developers Private Limited, a company
intended for the purpose of developing a luxury
hotel-cum-service apartment complex. The Group
has concluded that the key decisions about relevant
activities of such company are made jointly between
the Group and the co-venturer (who holds 72.10% of
the equity share capital) and both the parties have
rights to the net assets of such arrangement.

(ii) The Group holds 50% of the equity share capital
of ITC Filtrona Limited, a company involved in
manufacture and sale of filter rods. The Group has
concluded that the key decisions about relevant
activities of such company are made jointly between
the Group and the co-venturer (who holds 50% of the
equity share capital) and both the parties have rights
to the net assets of such arrangement.
4. Useful life of Intangible Assets

The Group is required to determine whether its intangible
assets have indefinite or finite life which is a subject
matter of judgement. Certain trademarks have been
considered as having an indefinite useful life taking into
account that there are no technical, technological or
commercial risks of obsolescence or limitations under
contract or law. Other intangible assets have been
amortised over their useful economic life. Refer notes to
the financial statements.
2. Use of estimates and judgements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 241
2. Use of estimates and judgements (Contd.)
B. Key sources of estimation uncertainty
The following are the key assumptions concerning the
future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk
of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
1. Useful lives of property, plant and equipment,
investment property and intangible assets:

As described in the material accounting policies, the
Group reviews the estimated useful lives of property,
plant and equipment, investment property and intangible
assets at the end of each reporting period and the impact
of changes in the estimated useful life is considered in
the period in which the estimate is revised.
2. Fair value measurements and valuation processes:

Some of the Group s assets and liabilities are measured
at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In
estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the
Group uses market-observable data to the extent IT is
available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the
Group engages third party valuers, where required, to
perform the valuation. Information about the valuation
techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value
of various assets, liabilities and share based payments
are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
3. Actuarial Valuation

The determination of Group s liability towards defined
benefit obligation to employees is made through
independent actuarial valuation including determination
of amounts to be recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss and in other comprehensive income. Such
valuation depends upon assumptions determined after
taking into account inflation, seniority, promotion and
other relevant factors such as supply and demand
factors in the employment market. Information about
such valuation is provided in the notes to the financial
statements.
4. Claims, Provisions and Contingent Liabilities

The Group has ongoing litigations with various regulatory
authorities and third parties. Where an outflow of funds
is believed to be probable and a reliable estimate of
the outcome of the dispute can be made based on
management s assessment of specific circumstances of
each dispute and relevant external advice, management
provides for its best estimate of the liability.
Such accruals are by nature complex and can take
number of years to resolve and can involve estimation
uncertainty. Information about such litigations is
provided in the notes to the financial statements.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
(` in Crores)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Gross Block
As at
Acquired
Business
Combination
Additions
Withdrawals
Transferred
Scheme
of Demerger
of Hotels
Foreign
Currency
Translation
Reserve
As at
Acquired
Business
Combination@
Additions
Withdrawals
Foreign
Currency
Translation
Reserve
As at
3A. Property, Plant and Equipment 1

Land 2
2113.34
-
74.34
3.92
1012.21
-
1171.55
6.12
141.94
7.08
-
1312.53

Buildings
10561.94
-
1191.57
2.71
4527.11
18.38
7242.07
0.14
194.14
(2.38)
0.01
7438.74

Leasehold Improvements
31.34
-
3.13
0.16
7.56
-
26.75
-
6.30
2.51
0.03
30.57

Plant and Equipment
20676.51
0.32
1879.75
205.73
2972.00
11.83
19390.68
9.79
1115.62
125.70
1.85
20392.24

Furniture and Fixtures
1068.08
-
551.84
7.37
1342.80
12.61
282.36
0.77
23.18
2.00
0.16
304.47

Vehicles
189.19
-
28.68
19.63
62.74
0.07
135.57
0.44
12.20
11.06
0.11
137.26

Office Equipment
53.09
-
13.33
2.23
1.42
0.11
62.88
-
13.57
2.10
0.18
74.53

Railway Sidings
1.73
-
1.73
-
0.01
-
1.72

TOTAL
34695.22
0.32
3742.64
241.75
9925.84
43.00
28313.59
17.26
1506.95
148.08
2.34
29692.06
2851.14
-
2157.40
3669.20
301.65
49.91
1087.60
-
1856.59
1444.78
-
1499.41
3C. Investment Property 3
411.58
-
1.75
4.79
-
408.54
-
8.81
-
399.73
3D. Goodwill

Goodwill on Consolidation
201.85
144.66
-
27.46
-
319.05
59.51
-
6.48
385.04

Goodwill acquired through business

combinations 4
577.88
-
577.88
30.37
-
608.25

TOTAL
779.73
144.66
-
27.46
-
896.93
89.88
-
6.48
993.29
3E. Other Intangible assets (acquired)

Trademarks
1889.78
-
1889.78
161.00
-
0.04
2050.82

Trademarks
30.82
-
30.82
-
365.41
-
396.23

Computer Software
394.49
-
27.44
6.15
59.79
0.03
356.02
-
12.66
1.02
-
367.66

Know How, Business and
Commercial Rights
804.80
-
3.77
-
3.77
-
804.80
-
3.03
-
807.83

Customer
Relationships / Contracts etc.
35.21
32.20
-
67.41
17.00
-
1.85
86.26

Business Alliances / Partnerships
-
59.69
-
59.69
-
59.69

Software Tools
-
75.71
-
75.71
-
75.71

Sourcing Network
-
52.00
-
52.00

TOTAL
3155.10
167.60
31.21
6.15
63.56
0.03
3284.23
230.00
381.10
1.02
1.89
3896.20
9.64
-
21.41
26.09
1.65
-
3.31
-
111.08
11.92
-
102.47

Land
752.08
-
0.16
0.32
347.99
12.13
416.06
-
15.73
111.62
-
320.17

Buildings
350.23
6.92
78.11
105.31
49.17
0.57
281.35
18.09
54.46
35.67
3.16
321.39

Plant and Equipment
41.83
-
9.86
-
31.97
-
31.97

Vehicles
2.89
-
3.99
1.75
-
0.09
5.22
-
11.08
0.18
1.54
17.66

TOTAL
1147.03
6.92
82.26
117.24
397.16
12.79
734.60
18.09
81.27
147.47
4.70
691.19
# Includes amounts transferred to / from Investment Property on change in use.
@ Refer Note 30(ix)

& includes Nil (2025 - ` 304.98 Crores) relating to discontinued operations.
^ Also refer Note 30(xv)

(` in Crores)
Notes
1. a) The above includes following assets given on operating lease:

b) The amount of expenditure recognised in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment in the course of construction is ` 31.74 Crores (2025 - ` 206.69 Crores).
2.
Land includes certain lands at Munger with Gross Block ` 1.16 Crores (2025 - ` 1.16 Crores) which stood vested with the State of Bihar under the Bihar Land Reforms Act, 1950 for which compensation has not yet been determined.
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2025
As at 31st March, 2026
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation
Net Block
Depreciation
Charge
Gross Block
Accumulated
Depreciation
Net Block
Depreciation
Charge
Buildings
0.94
0.28
0.66
0.03
2.78
0.76
2.02
0.06
Plant and Equipment
281.04
193.23
87.81
12.59
303.55
201.42
102.13
12.60
TOTAL
281.98
193.51
88.47
12.62
306.33
202.18
104.15
12.66

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 243
(` in Crores)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
3.
The fair value of the investment property is ` 1357.96 Crores (2025 - ` 1352.64 Crores). The fair value has been determined on the basis of valuation carried out at the reporting date by registered valuer as defined under Rule 2 of
Companies (Registered Valuers and Valuation) Rules, 2017 and the same has been categorised as Level 2 based on the valuation techniques used and inputs applied. The main inputs considered by the valuer are government rates,
property location, market research & trends, contracted rentals, terminal yields, discount rates and comparable values, as appropriate.

Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of the investment property is as under:
4.
Assets with indefinite life pertain to the FMCG - Others Segment and are related to the Branded Packaged Foods and Personal Care Products businesses of the Company.

Impairment testing for goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives has been carried out considering their recoverable amounts which, inter-alia, includes estimation of their value-in-use based on management projections.
These projections have been made for a period of five years, or longer, as applicable and consider various factors, such as market scenario, growth trends, growth and margin projections, and terminal growth rates specific to the business.
For such projections, discount rate of 10% (2025 - 10%) and long-term growth rates ranging between 5% to 6% (2025 - 5% to 6%) have been considered. Discount rate has been determined considering the Weighted Average Cost of
Capital (WACC) of market benchmarks.
Based on the above assessment, no impairment has been recognised during the year. Further, the Company has also performed sensitivity analysis around the base assumptions and has concluded that there are no reasonably possible
changes to key assumptions that would cause the carrying amount of the aforesaid assets to exceed their recoverable values.
$As per the contractual arrangements, the Company is responsible for the maintenance of common area at its own cost. The expenses arising out of such arrangements are not material.
Particulars
Depreciation and Amortization
Net Book Value
Upto
Acquired
Business
Combination
For
the year&
On
Withdrawals
Transferred
Scheme of
Demerger
of Hotels
Foreign
Currency
Translation
Reserve
Upto
Acquired
Business
Combination
For
the year&
On
Withdrawals
Foreign
Currency
Translation
Reserve
Upto
31st
March,
As at
As at
3A. Property, Plant and Equipment 1

Land 2
-
1312.53
1171.55

Buildings
1700.64
-
268.82
2.57
458.24
0.21
1508.86
-
214.91
2.01
0.01 1721.77
5716.97
5733.21

Leasehold Improvements
9.94
-
1.92
0.14
5.14
-
6.58
-
2.58
0.58
0.01
8.59
21.98
20.17

Plant and Equipment
9143.57
0.19 1313.53
186.40
1175.87
0.70
9095.72
- 1197.41
107.90
1.19 10186.42 10205.82 10294.96

Furniture and Fixtures
629.92
-
111.12
5.83
566.84
0.96
169.33
-
20.31
3.27
0.04
186.41
118.06
113.03

Vehicles
93.71
-
19.44
12.17
34.45
0.05
66.58
-
14.86
7.59
0.05
73.90
63.36
68.99

Office Equipment
33.94
-
5.63
1.98
1.29
0.03
36.33
-
6.98
1.04
0.07
42.34
32.19
26.55

Railway Sidings
1.17
-
0.13
-
1.30
-
0.13
-
1.43
0.29
0.43

TOTAL
11612.89
0.19 1720.59
209.09
2241.83
1.95 10884.70
- 1457.18
122.39
1.37 12220.86 17471.20 17428.89
-
1499.41
1087.60
3C. Investment Property 3
70.65
-
12.57
(2.92)
-
86.14
-
12.31
2.08
-
96.37
303.36
322.40
3D. Goodwill

Goodwill on Consolidation
-
385.04
319.05

Goodwill acquired through business

combinations 4
-
608.25
577.88

TOTAL
-
993.29
896.93
3E. Other Intangible assets (acquired)

Trademarks
-
2050.82
1889.78

Trademarks
26.91
-
2.29
-
29.20
-
11.99
-
0.04
41.23
355.00
1.62

Computer Software
265.89
-
38.72
6.15
48.34
-
250.12
-
36.15
1.04
-
285.23
82.43
105.90

Know How, Business and
Commercial Rights
168.00
-
79.13
-
0.13
-
247.00
-
78.50
-
325.50
482.33
557.80

Customer
Relationships / Contracts etc.
16.19
-
6.41
-
22.60
-
10.22
-
0.10
32.92
53.34
44.81

Business Alliances / Partnerships
-
4.26
-
4.26
-
8.53
-
12.79
46.90
55.43

Software Tools
-
6.31
-
6.31
-
12.62
-
18.93
56.78
69.40

Sourcing Network
-
5.94
-
5.94
46.06
-

TOTAL
476.99
-
137.12
6.15
48.47
-
559.49
-
163.95
1.04
0.14
722.54
3173.66
2724.74
-
102.47
3.31

Land
47.39
-
8.97
0.03
28.54
0.71
28.50
-
4.67
6.84
-
26.33
293.84
387.56

Buildings
138.56
6.56
66.78
100.51
2.88
0.19
108.70
-
67.30
34.08
1.13
143.05
178.34
172.65

Plant and Equipment
20.56
-
3.69
9.86
-
14.39
-
2.40
-
16.79
15.18
17.58

Vehicles
1.40
-
1.59
1.88
-
0.01
1.12
-
2.72
0.17
0.33
4.00
13.66
4.10

TOTAL
207.91
6.56
81.03
112.28
31.42
0.91
152.71
-
77.09
41.09
1.46
190.17
501.02
581.89
@
Particulars
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Rental Income etc. from investment property
160.39
134.91
Direct Operating Expenses arising from investment property that generated
rental income during the year$
16.39
14.67
Direct Operating Expenses arising from investment property that did not
generate rental income during the year
-
(` in Crores)

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note: There are no projects in CWIP and IAUD, which are overdue or have exceeded their cost compared to their original plan as at 31st March, 2026 and
31st March, 2025.
(` in Crores)
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2025
As at 31st March, 2026
Less than
More than
Total
Less than
More than
Total
Projects in Progress
816.26
172.86
61.78
36.70
1087.60
935.22
356.52
132.08
75.59
1499.41
-
TOTAL
816.26
172.86
61.78
36.70
1087.60
935.22
356.52
132.08
75.59
1499.41
Capital work-in-progress (CWIP) ageing schedule
(` in Crores)
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2025
As at 31st March, 2026
Less than
More than
Total
Less than
More than
Total
Projects in Progress
2.34
0.97
-
3.31
100.49
1.58
0.40
-
102.47
-
TOTAL
2.34
0.97
-
3.31
100.49
1.58
0.40
-
102.47
Intangible assets under development (IAUD) ageing schedule

Carried over
4887.19
4358.61
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

In Associates (carrying amount determined using
the equity method of accounting)

Quoted

Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

83,00,00,000

4174.04
471.23 4645.27
83,00,00,000

4174.04
88.69 4262.73

Unquoted

[Refer Note 30(xii)]
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)
Add / (Less) : Provision for Impairment

-

-

-
2,386

3.60
(0.43)
(3.17) -

[Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

11.54
(0.42) 11.12

0.96
(0.23) 0.73

Sproutlife Foods Private Limited [Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

2,443

40.33
(13.04) 27.29
2,443

40.33
(12.16) 28.17

Ample Foods Private Limited [Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

2,62,500

131.25
(2.14) 129.11
-

-

ATC Limited [Refer Note 30(xiii)]
Fully paid
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

` 70.00 per share paid
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

1,94,775

-

5.00
4.36

-

9.36

-

55,650

1,39,125

0.83
2.11

2.92
2.42

2.94

5.34

Russell Investments Limited
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

42,75,435

4.27
41.86

46.13
42,75,435

4.27
40.64 44.91

Divya Management Limited
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

41,82,915

6.93
4.05 10.98
41,82,915

6.93
1.34
8.27

Antrang Finance Limited
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

43,24,634

4.40
3.53
7.93
43,24,634

4.40
1.12
5.52
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 245

Carried over
7342.87
8141.02
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
4887.19
4358.61
INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Contd.)

In Joint Ventures (carrying amount determined
using the equity method of accounting)

Unquoted

Logix Developers Private Limited
[Refer Note 30(viii)]
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)
Add / (Less) : Provision for Impairment

77,66,913

42.07
(40.45)
(1.62) -
77,66,913

42.07
(40.52)
(1.55) -

Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

22,50,000

38.85
120.48 159.33
22,50,000

38.85
107.57 146.42

In Others (at fair value through other
comprehensive income unless stated otherwise)

Quoted

VST Industries Limited
5,236
0.10
5,236

0.14

HLV Limited
5,34,13,884
30.55 5,34,13,884

64.20

EIH Limited
10,08,53,602
2758.85 10,08,53,602
3565.17

Tourism Finance Corporation of India Limited
(2025 - ` 10)
1,25,000
0.79
25,000

0.42

Unquoted

Adyar Property Holding Company Private Limited
0.03

0.03

Andhra Pradesh Gas Power Corporation Limited
8,04,000
-
8,04,000

-

Bihar Hotels Limited
8,00,000
0.04
8,00,000

0.04

Lotus Court Limited (Class G Shares)
48,000
2.34

2.34

3.64

3.64

Woodlands Multispeciality Hospital Limited
13,605
0.01
13,605

0.01

INVESTMENT IN PREFERENCE SHARES

In Associates (carrying amount determined using
the equity method of accounting)

Unquoted

[Refer Note 30(xii)]
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative
Preference Shares)
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)
Add / (Less) : Provision for Impairment

-

-
7,759

7.40
(2.75)
(4.65) -
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Carried over
8217.24
8557.69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
7342.87
8141.02
INVESTMENT IN PREFERENCE SHARES (Contd.)

[Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative
Preference Shares)
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

6,038

84.04
(9.12) 74.92
3,837

44.04
(8.06) 35.98

[Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative
Preference Shares)
Add / (Less) : Group Share of Profits / (Losses)

10,984

214.68
(47.88) 166.80
10,984

214.68
(43.91) 170.77

In Others (at fair value through profit or loss)

Unquoted

(Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative
Preference Shares)
3,399
30.75
3,232

29.33

INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST

Quoted

Government of India Zero Coupon Government Stock

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2026
-
10,20,000

9.47

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2026
-
63,54,400

58.14

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Dec-2026
-
10,20,000

9.15

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Feb-2027
-
40,11,000

35.44

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2027
31,17,000
28.84
31,17,000

27.01

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2027
48,54,400
44.23
48,54,400

41.37

Unquoted

Government Securities - cost ` 70000.00

0.01

0.01

National Savings Certificates (pledged with
various Mandi Samitis) (cost ` 6000.00)

INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST
SECURITIES (at fair value through other

Quoted

Government of India Stock

6.33% - Government Stock - 05-May-2035
25,00,000
24.01
-

-

6.48% - Government Stock - 06-Oct-2035
5,00,000
4.81
-

-
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 247

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Carried over
9751.28
10155.99
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
8217.24
8557.69

INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF

Quoted

Tax Free Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

7.39% - Series 2A - 08-Feb-2031
1,000
7,00,696
70.07
7,00,696

70.07

8.20% - Series 2 - 05-Mar-2027
1,000
-
5,00,000

51.77

India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited

7.36% - Series II - 22-Jan-2028
1,000
3,00,000
30.69
3,00,000

31.04

8.26% - Series V B - 23-Aug-2028
10,00,000
1,175
120.05
1,175
121.05

8.46% - Series VI B - 30-Aug-2028
10,00,000
1,300
134.19
1,300
135.79

8.48% - Series VII B - 05-Sep-2028
10,00,000
1,780
182.52
1,780
184.24

7.34% - Series 86A - 19-Feb-2028
1,000
1,00,000
10.26
1,00,000

10.39

8.48% - Series 89A - 21-Nov-2028
10,00,000
1,250
128.17
1,250
129.22

8.55% - Series 94A - 12-Feb-2029
10,00,000
13.37

13.49

National Highways Authority of India

7.28% - Series NHAI - II B - 18-Sep-2030
10,00,000
2,500
250.00
2,500
250.00

7.35% - Series II A - 11-Jan-2031
1,000
17,49,943
179.79
17,49,943
180.62

8.50% - Series II A - 05-Feb-2029
1,000
5,00,000
52.94
5,00,000

53.87

8.75% - Series II B - 05-Feb-2029
1,000
2,50,000
26.72
2,50,000

27.26

National Housing Bank

8.46% - Series V - 30-Aug-2028
10,00,000
81.76

82.44

8.46% - Series 107B - 30-Aug-2028
10,00,000
51.10

51.53

8.54% - Series 2A - 16-Nov-2028
1,000
3,50,000

37.22
3,50,000

38.00

8.46% - Series 3B - 29-Aug-2028
10,00,000
1,190
123.01
1,190
124.54

8.46% - Series 2A - 24-Sep-2028
1,000
3,50,000
37.06
3,50,000

37.81

8.54% - Series 4B - 11-Oct-2028
10,00,000
5.12

5.17
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Carried over
12056.26
12964.44
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
9751.28
10155.99

INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF

Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

7.49% - Series 24 B - 15-Oct-2026
1,00,000
-
10,000

99.36

7.62% - Series 23 I - 31-Jan-2028
1,00,000
19,000
189.31
19,000
189.02

7.62% - Series 24 H - 10-May-2029
1,00,000
20,000
199.88
20,000
199.89

7.53% - Series 25 E - 24-Mar-2028
1,00,000
2,000

20.01
2,000

20.03

7.80% - Series 24 E - 15-Mar-2027
1,00,000
-

-
5,000

50.17

8.22% - Series PMAYG-PB-2 - 13-Dec-2028
10,00,000
1,550
157.12
1,550
157.83

7.64% - Series 225 - 30-Jun-2026
1,00,000
-

-
2,500

25.00

Small Industries Development Bank of India

7.43% - Series I - 31-Aug-2026
1,00,000
-

-
5,000

49.68

7.44% - Series II - 04-Sep-2026
1,00,000
-

-
5,000

49.69

7.68% - Series IX - 10-Aug-2027
1,00,000
30,000
299.83
30,000
299.92

7.79% - Series IV - 19-Apr-2027
1,00,000
30,000
299.85
30,000
300.15

7.79% - Series VI - 14-May-2027
1,00,000
25,000
249.74
25,000
249.82

7.83% - Series V - 24-Nov-2028
1,00,000
40,500
404.80
40,500
404.89

Perpetual Bonds - Unsecured, Subordinated &
Non-Convertible#

State Bank of India

7.72% - Series I (with first Call option 03-Sep-2026)
1,00,00,000
-

-
313.00

7.72% - Series II (with first Call option 18-Oct-2026)
1,00,00,000
-

-
400.00

INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF

Quoted

Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

6.44% - Series 1 - 27-Sep-2028
10,00,000
1,500
147.18
-

-

7.70% - Series US003 - 16-May-2028
1,00,000
13,000
131.10
-

-

8.44% - Series 1/ 2018-19 - 28-Dec-2028
10,00,000
1,500
154.16
-

-

9.05% - Series U001 - 16-Oct-2028
10,00,000

52.00
-

-
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 249

Carried over
15019.30
15622.75
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
12056.26
12964.44
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
comprehensive income) (Contd.)

National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

6.85% - Series 26 B - 19-Jan-2029
1,00,000
5,000

49.58
-

-

7.40% - Series 25 D - 29-Apr-2030
1,00,000
5,000

50.09
-

-

7.48% - Series 25 G - 15-Sep-2028
1,00,000
37,500
365.98
-

-

7.53% - Series 25 E - 24-Mar-2028
1,00,000
20,000
196.34
-

-

7.62% - Series 23 I - 31-Jan-2028
1,00,000
10,000
100.80
-

-

7.62% - Series 24 H - 10-May-2029
1,00,000
4,000

39.74
-

-

7.68% - Series F 24 - 30-Apr-2029
1,00,000
5,000

49.76
-

-

6.64% - Series 250 B - 15-Jul-2030
1,00,000
5,000

48.96
-

-

7.60% - Series 237 A - 13-Apr-2029
1,00,000
7,500

75.83
-

-

Small Industries Development Bank of India

6.66% - Series I - 25-Oct-2028
1,00,000
15,000
147.96
-

-

7.34% - Series III - 26-Feb-2029
1,00,000
10,000
100.39
-

-

7.48% - Series VI - 24-May-2029
1,00,000
2,500

24.74
-

-

7.49% - Series VIII - 11-Jun-2029
1,00,000
20,000
201.65
-

-

INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS

Quoted

Fixed Maturity Plans (at amortised cost)*

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
2,19,98,900
28.02
2,19,98,900

26.37

DSP Mutual Fund
-

- 4,99,97,500

58.99

Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,49,99,250
19.40
1,49,99,250

18.20

SBI Mutual Fund
5,49,97,250
70.08 21,19,89,401
255.96

Exchange Traded Funds (at fair value through

Axis Mutual Fund
-

- 11,25,00,000
140.81

Edelweiss Mutual Fund
1,000
28,65,706
447.56
-

-

Nippon India Mutual Fund
6,34,26,359
81.07 12,94,26,359
927.92

Unquoted

Target Maturity Index Funds (at fair value
through other comprehensive income) **

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
51,29,42,310
665.75 87,97,85,691
1067.65

Axis Mutual Fund
15,46,34,944
199.34 13,50,74,285
162.41
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
4. Non-current investments (Contd.)
Brought forward
15019.30
15622.75
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS (Contd.)

Bandhan Mutual Fund
-
- 4,24,53,511

54.21

DSP Mutual Fund
2,49,40,887
32.45
4,76,41,228

58.00

HDFC Mutual Fund
7,61,50,000
96.21
2,24,75,231

27.62

ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
54,91,10,334
714.11
64,66,52,376
786.80

Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
42,65,69,184
596.80
59,85,34,837
728.62

Nippon India Mutual Fund
31,14,04,896
397.73
28,00,48,239
334.51

SBI Mutual Fund
26,72,22,501
347.01
56,98,58,756
687.00

INVESTMENT IN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS

Unquoted

Avaana Sustainability Fund
1,000
60,115
6.23
41,178

3.85

Chiratae Ventures India Fund IV
1,00,000
1,430
17.36
1,421

20.53

Fireside Ventures Investments Fund I
1,00,000
1,060
31.67
1,182

37.61

Fireside Ventures Investments Fund II
1,000
1,81,050
37.95
1,87,606

31.10

Fireside Ventures Investments Fund III
1,00,000
1,455
17.85
1,000

9.49

India Foundation Fund Series I
9,00,000
8.82
8,39,020

8.37

Roots Ventures I
8,44,147
27.59
9,36,923

21.86

Stride Ventures Debt Fund 4
1,00,000
1,500
15.00
-

-

Together Fund II IFSC
$1000
11.71
-

-

13474.42

13908.24

3903.37

4524.08

TOTAL

17377.79

18432.32
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Aggregate market value of quoted investments ` 20345.52 Crores (2025 - ` 26104.35 Crores).
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments ` 1.62 Crores (2025 - ` 9.37 Crores)

# Additional Tier 1 bonds, which are perpetual in nature, are issued by commercial banks under Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
These have been classified as debt instruments by the Group based on the substantive characteristics of the contract.

* Investments in Fixed Maturity Plans (FMPs) that are intended to be held by the Company till maturity are classified as amortised
cost. The underlying instruments in the portfolio of these FMPs have minimal churn and are held to receive contractual cashflows.

** Exchange Traded / Target Maturity Index Funds follow a passive buy and hold investment strategy to receive contractual cashflows
except for meeting redemption and rebalancing requirements. Investment in such funds are classified as FVTOCI as cash flows
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 251

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
5.
Loans

Others Loans - Employees

- Unsecured, considered good
8.52
4.87
9.51
7.60

TOTAL
8.52
4.87
9.51
7.60
6. Other financial assets

Security Deposits*
31.18
85.94
31.31
84.08

Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity
-
5.72
-
1276.54

Others

Advances
6.49
-
9.36
-

Deposits other than Security Deposits
1020.20
251.56
451.93
250.51

Interest accrued on Loans, Deposits, Investments etc.
368.67
-
293.98
-

Other Receivables**
934.80
-
875.74
-

TOTAL
2361.34
343.22
1662.32
1611.13
* Include deposits to Directors and Key Management Personnel ` 0.01 Crore (2025 - ` 0.01 Crore) (Refer Note 32).
** Comprise receivables on account of government grants, claims, rentals, derivatives, unbilled revenue etc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 253
Movement in deferred tax liabilities / assets balances
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
7.
Deferred tax

Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
3089.62
2582.46

Less : Deferred tax assets (Net)
155.18
87.98

TOTAL
2934.44
2494.48
Opening
Balance
Recognised
loss *
Recognised
in OCI
Recognised
Equity
Reclassified
Acquired
combination#
Transferred
Scheme of
demerger
of Hotels
Effect of
foreign
Closing
Balance
Deferred tax liabilities / assets in
relation to:
equipment, investment property etc.
1556.24
79.77
-
0.28
-
0.01
1636.30
On Excise Duty / National Calamity Contingent
Duty on closing stock
92.70
634.91
-
727.61
1548.45
65.23
(135.71)
-
1.69
-
0.09
1479.75
3197.39
779.91
(135.71)
-
1.97
-
0.10
3843.66
equipment etc.
17.53
5.61
-
(0.01)
23.13
124.47
112.05
0.02
-
1.47
-
5.67
243.68
59.56
5.43
-
0.11
65.10
78.90
15.00
-
1.01
-
94.91
On unabsorbed tax losses and depreciation
35.69
9.17
-
1.49
46.35
4.68
-
28.95
4.61
(17.62)
-
20.62
367.26
32.60
-
1.94
-
1.03
402.83
Total deferred tax assets before MAT credit
entitlement
688.09
179.86
28.97
4.61
(17.62)
4.42
-
8.29
896.62
Total deferred tax liabilities before MAT
credit entitlement (Net)
2509.30
600.05
(164.68)
(4.61)
17.62
(2.45)
-
(8.19)
2947.04
Less: MAT credit entitlement
14.82
(2.22)
-
12.60
Total deferred tax liabilities (Net)
2494.48
602.27
(164.68)
(4.61)
17.62
(2.45)
-
(8.19)
2934.44

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
7.
Deferred tax (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
Opening
Balance
Recognised
loss *
Recognised
in OCI
Recognised
Equity
Reclassified
Acquired
combination
Transferred
Scheme of
Demerger
of Hotels
Effect of
foreign
Closing
Balance
Deferred tax liabilities / assets in
relation to:
equipment, investment property etc.
1886.62
114.33
-
(444.71)
-
1556.24
On Excise Duty / National Calamity Contingent
Duty on closing stock
100.61
(7.91)
-
92.70
790.46
831.75
(42.06)
-
(0.75)
-
(31.02)
0.07
1548.45
2777.69
938.17
(42.06)
-
(0.75)
-
(475.73)
0.07
3197.39
equipment etc.
5.46
12.07
-
17.53
156.93
(19.17)
3.42
-
(16.83)
0.12
124.47
64.52
(2.31)
-
(2.68)
0.03
59.56
73.25
15.81
-
(10.16)
-
78.90
On unabsorbed tax losses and depreciation
22.78
12.97
-
(0.06)
35.69
1.52
-
6.05
(0.05)
(2.84)
-
4.68
371.13
25.20
-
3.12
(32.69)
0.50
367.26
Total deferred tax assets before MAT credit
entitlement
695.59
44.57
9.47
(0.05)
(2.84)
3.12
(62.36)
0.59
688.09
Total deferred tax liabilities before MAT
credit entitlement (Net)
2082.10
893.60
(51.53)
0.05
2.09
(3.12)
(413.37)
(0.52)
2509.30
Less: MAT Credit Entitlement
12.85
1.97
-
14.82
Total deferred tax liabilities (Net)
2069.25
891.63
(51.53)
0.05
2.09
(3.12)
(413.37)
(0.52)
2494.48
The Group has losses of ` 47.57 Crores (2025 - ` 46.46 Crores) for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised. A part of
these losses will expire between financial years 2026-27 to 2045-46.
* includes Nil (2025 - ` 510.77 Crores) relating to discontinued operations.
# Refer Note 30(ix)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
8.
Other assets

Capital Advances
-
175.26
-
73.49

Advances other than capital advances

Security Deposits

- With Statutory Authorities
0.97
741.69
0.50
725.53

- Others
0.19
65.50
0.19
65.43

Advances to related parties (Refer Note 32)
-
6.48
-
8.62

Other Advances (including advances with statutory authorities,

prepaid expenses, employees etc.)
1485.83
96.41
1100.54
79.23

Other Receivables*
296.62
3.11
264.55
10.07

TOTAL
1783.61
1088.45
1365.78
962.37
* Comprise receivables on account of government grants, withholding taxes etc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 255
* Represents aggregate gain / (loss) arising on account of change in fair value less costs to sell during the year.
The Group had 4,01,39,064 numbers of TECHNITUBER seed potatoes (2025 - 2,87,54,144 numbers).
There were 151165 MT of field generated seed potatoes (2025 - 132187 MT). During the year, output of agricultural produce
(potatoes) is 11461 MT (2025 - 13633 MT).
In October 2025 - 30037 MT (October 2024 - 23917 MT) of seed potatoes were planted and in February / March 2026 - 176674 MT
(February / March 2025 - 148918 MT) of seed potatoes were harvested as a result of quantitative biological transformation.
Estimated
amount
contracts
executed
acquisition / development
biological
assets
` 0.40 Crore (2025 - ` 1.95 Crores).
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
9.
Inventories

(At lower of cost and net realisable value)

10949.78
10511.11

423.93
414.60

5209.71
2580.62

1269.31
1348.07

658.86
678.84

Intermediates - Tissue paper and Paperboards
111.37
104.32

TOTAL
18622.96
15637.56

The above includes goods in transit as under:

244.76
255.30

Finished Goods (manufactured)
3.41
3.01

8.12
8.36

1.78
3.68

TOTAL
258.07
270.35
The cost of inventories recognised as an expense includes ` 368.01 Crores (2025 - ` 236.36 Crores) in respect of write-offs / write-downs
of inventory to net realisable value. During the year, reversal of previous write-downs of ` 5.08 Crores (2025 - ` 1.31 Crores) have
been made owing to subsequent increase in net realisable value.

Inventories of ` 1315.29 Crores (2025 - ` 886.65 Crores) are expected to be recovered more than twelve months after the
reporting period.
10. Biological assets other than bearer plants
Balance at the beginning of the year
198.58
150.00
Biological assets acquired during the year
6.60
12.39
Cost incurred during the year
275.65
208.87
Changes in fair value *
93.33
112.14
Transfer of Biological assets to Inventories
(5.68)
(8.74)
Biological assets sold during the year
(319.08)
(276.12)
Effect of foreign exchange translation
0.29
0.04
Balance at the end of the year
249.69
198.58

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INSTRUMENTS

In Others

Quoted

UltraTech Cement Limited

Unquoted

SKH Metals Limited
40,000

40,000

Patheja Brothers Forgings and Stampings Limited
50,000

50,000

Jind Textiles Limited
5,00,000

5,00,000

Taib Capital Corporation Limited
2,45,000

2,45,000

INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST
SECURITIES

Quoted

Government of India Stock

6.01% - Government Stock - 21-Jul-2030
40,00,000
38.93
-
6.33% - Government Stock - 05-May-2035
55,00,000
52.83
-
6.48% - Government Stock - 06-Oct-2035
3,93,92,700
379.45
-
6.68% - Government Stock - 07-Jul-2040
1,25,00,000
116.71
-
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
DEBENTURES

Quoted

Tax Free Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

National Highways Authority of India

8.50% - Series II A - 05-Feb-2029
1,000
1,04,000
10.75
1,04,000
10.86

8.12% - Series 2 - 27-Mar-2027
1,000
60,000
6.05
60,000
6.10
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

5.70% - Series 22 D - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
2,800
275.19
7.25% - Series 23 C - 01-Aug-2025
10,00,000
-
1,000
98.75
7.35% - Series 23 B - 08-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
14.85
7.48% - Series 25 G - 15-Sep-2028
10,00,000
25,000
243.99
-
7.53% - Series 25 E - 24-Mar-2028
10,00,000
20,000
196.34
-
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Carried over
1045.05
405.75
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
1045.05
405.75
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
DEBENTURES (Contd.)

7.75% - Series 248A - 15-Apr-2026
1,00,000
20,000
199.99
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India

7.15% - Series II - 21-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
24.71
7.25% - Series III - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
74.07
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF

Quoted

Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

7.95% - Series I - 21-Sep-2026
10,00,000
4,313
432.27
-
8.46% - Series P016 - 15-Jun-2026
1,00,00,000
50.08
-
8.46% - Series P019 - 24-Jun-2026
1,00,00,000
50.07
-
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

7.58% - Series 23 H - 31-Jul-2026
1,00,000
25,000
249.94
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India

7.43% - Series I - 31-Aug-2026
1,00,000
10,000
99.78
-
7.44% - Series II - 04-Sep-2026
1,00,000
25,000
250.00
-
INVESTMENT IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT

Unquoted

Axis Bank Limited - 16-Jul-2025
5,00,000
-
10,000
484.63
Axis Bank Limited - 17-Oct-2025
5,00,000
-
5,000
235.90
Axis Bank Limited - 18-Nov-2025
5,00,000
-
5,000
233.82
Axis Bank Limited - 30-Apr-2026
5,00,000
1,000
49.68
-
Axis Bank Limited - 15-May-2026
5,00,000
2,000
99.03
-
Canara Bank - 08-May-2026
5,00,000
20,000
991.80
-
Canara Bank - 15-May-2026
5,00,000
1,000
49.52
-
Canara Bank - 26-May-2026
5,00,000
1,500
74.10
-
HDFC Bank Limited - 25-Jul-2025
5,00,000
-
3,000
145.04

Carried over
3641.31
1603.92
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 257

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
3641.31
1603.92
INVESTMENT IN CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT (Contd.)
HDFC Bank Limited - 18-Dec-2025
5,00,000
-
1,000
47.39
HDFC Bank Limited - 07-May-2026
5,00,000
6,500
322.42
-
Small Industries Development Bank of India - 20-May-2026
5,00,000
12,000
593.55
-
INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST

Unquoted

Treasury Bill issued by Nepal Rastra Bank

0.06
11.09
National Savings Certificates (pledged with Mandi
Samiti) (cost ` 2000.00)

-

National Savings Certificate (cost ` 10000.00)

-

INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS

Unquoted

Liquid / Overnight Funds

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
1,67,521
7.37
22,485
0.94
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
35,753
10.96
3,93,385
95.97
DSP Mutual Fund
1,000
14,944
5.82
5,267
1.93
Edelweiss Mutual Fund
1,000
3,599
1.25
-
HDFC Mutual Fund
-
3,198
1.61
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
80,595
3.26
-
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
-
10,976
5.75
Nippon India Mutual Fund
0.21
8,39,206
11.51
SBI Mutual Fund
1,000
-
16,616
6.67
UTI Mutual Fund
1,000
2,36,398
105.81
26,505
11.26
Ultra Short Term Funds

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
2,34,66,054
1366.90
2,02,77,140
1103.49
Axis Mutual Fund
2,35,94,615
36.56
9,61,441
1.47
HDFC Mutual Fund
10,90,41,032
175.83
-
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
4,48,44,111
140.83
1,74,13,815
51.09
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
26,25,58,620
1224.83
26,25,58,620
1146.73
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,000
3,23,856
150.96
-
SBI Mutual Fund
1,000
2,62,799
167.00
3,05,559
182.05
UTI Mutual Fund
1,000
68,764
30.35
-
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Carried over
7985.28
4282.87
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Carried over
15848.38
11227.79
Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
7985.28
4282.87
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS (Contd.)
Low Duration Funds

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
87,701
6.67
87,701
6.24
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
14,17,525
481.21
14,17,525
449.84
Bandhan Mutual Fund
7,34,11,386
302.78
7,34,11,386
284.06
DSP Mutual Fund
17,22,63,805
355.48
17,22,63,805
334.81
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
1,44,38,457
833.60
1,44,38,457
778.70
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
-
1,44,778
51.61
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,000
6,121
2.54
2,65,846
103.23
SBI Mutual Fund
1,000
20,06,438
761.11
21,51,415
765.01
Money Market Funds

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
84,42,181
331.05
40,95,539
150.50
Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
20,92,690
316.40
24,20,455
342.13
Bandhan Mutual Fund
5,32,80,805
243.61
5,51,82,275
231.89
DSP Mutual Fund
9,16,45,945
519.85
28,79,974
15.33
HDFC Mutual Fund
1,000
7,64,367
466.45
7,64,367
436.74
HSBC Mutual Fund
61,83,192
17.90
-
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
1,000
-
1,26,050
4.75
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
13,41,688
636.59
7,11,902
316.31
LIC Mutual Fund
1,000
3,98,844
50.26
-
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,000
6,60,345
290.55
6,60,345
272.04
SBI Mutual Fund
6,65,47,323
309.49
6,65,47,323
290.02
UTI Mutual Fund
1,000
-
1,20,014
30.81
Floating Rate Funds

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
1,95,98,885
732.68
1,95,98,885
685.24
HDFC Mutual Fund
10,07,90,662
536.66
10,07,90,662
501.54
Nippon India Mutual Fund
6,22,64,756
307.99
6,22,64,756
288.73
Short Duration Funds

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
1,57,835
12.01
1,32,84,152
66.77
DSP Mutual Fund
-
2,31,36,440
114.32
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
86,00,718
68.81
-
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
-
1,94,81,292
109.13
Nippon India Mutual Fund
1,27,65,848
88.00
2,41,72,593
135.21
SBI Mutual Fund
5,40,50,081
191.41
5,40,50,081
179.96
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 259

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
15848.38
11227.79
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS (Contd.)
Banking & PSU Debt Funds

Axis Mutual Fund
1,000
31,86,227
881.71
31,86,227
833.77
Bandhan Mutual Fund
14,17,61,931
360.66
14,17,61,931
341.56
Corporate Bond Funds

HDFC Mutual Fund
-
1,58,86,798
51.67
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund
2,42,40,779
78.68
4,30,40,789
131.43
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund
1,000
0.32
2,99,599
115.22
SBI Mutual Fund
-
8,30,72,281
128.86
Current Portion of Non-Current Investments

INVESTMENT IN GOVERNMENT OR TRUST

Quoted

Government of India Zero Coupon Government Stock

Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2025
-
10,20,000
10.08
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2025
-
25,35,000
24.75
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Dec-2025
-
36,34,800
34.84
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 17-Dec-2025
-
6,02,300
5.77
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Feb-2026
-
25,35,000
23.97
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Jun-2026
10,20,000
10.07
-
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Aug-2026
63,54,400
61.97
-
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 15-Dec-2026
10,20,000
9.75
-
Zero Coupon Government Stock - 22-Feb-2027
40,11,000
37.83
-
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF

Quoted

Tax Free Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

7.07% - Series B - 01-Oct-2025
10,00,000
-
4,300
430.54
7.19% - Series A - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
15.04
8.20% - Series 2 - 05-Mar-2027
1,000
5,00,000
50.87
-

7.07% - Series 102 - 21-Dec-2025
1,000
-
70,498
7.08
7.15% - Series 100 - 21-Aug-2025
10,00,000
-
25.09
7.19% - Series 99 - 31-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
2,250
225.11
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Carried over
17340.24
13632.57
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
17340.24
13632.57
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF
Small Industries Development Bank of India

7.11% - Series IV - 27-Feb-2026
10,00,000
-
24.87
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

7.07% - Series 1A - 25-Feb-2026
10,00,000
-
2,000
201.52
National Highways Authority of India

7.11% - Series NHAI - II A - 18-Sep-2025
10,00,000
-
2,600
260.14
7.14% - Series I A - 11-Jan-2026
1,000
-
8,06,381
80.90

7.16% - Series 136 - 17-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
60.12

7.17% - Series 5A - 23-Jul-2025
10,00,000
-
85.21
Zero Coupon Bonds - Secured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

LIC Housing Finance Limited

Tranche 416 - 25-Apr-2025
10,00,000
-
11,250
1363.35
Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

7.80% - Series US005 - 02-Jun-2025
1,00,000
-
10,000
99.93
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

7.49% - Series 24 B - 15-Oct-2026
1,00,000
10,000
99.72
-
7.80% - Series 24 E - 15-Mar-2027
1,00,000
5,000
50.08
-
Small Industries Development Bank

7.43% - Series I - 31-Aug-2026
1,00,000
5,000
49.87
-
7.44% - Series II - 04-Sep-2026
1,00,000
5,000
49.87
-
Perpetual Bonds - Unsecured, Subordinated &
Non-Convertible#

State Bank of India

7.72% - Series I (with first Call option 03-Sep-2026)
1,00,00,000
313.00
-
7.72% - Series II (with first Call option 18-Oct-2026)
1,00,00,000
400.00
-
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Carried over
18302.78
15808.61
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 261

Face Value `
(Fully Paid
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Number
Crores)
Number
Crores)
Brought forward
18302.78
15808.61
INVESTMENT IN BONDS IN THE NATURE OF DEBENTURES

Quoted

Taxable Bonds - Unsecured, Redeemable &
Non-Convertible

National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development

7.80% - Series 24 E - 15-Mar-2027
1,00,000
10,000
100.57
-
INVESTMENT IN DEBT MUTUAL FUNDS

Quoted

Fixed Maturity Plans (at amortised cost)*

DSP Mutual Fund
4,99,97,500
63.27
-
SBI Mutual Fund
15,69,92,150
201.02
2,49,98,750
29.58
Exchange Traded Funds (at fair value through

Axis Mutual Fund
11,25,00,000
149.93
-
Edelweiss Mutual Fund
1,000
-
33,03,209
425.60
Nippon India Mutual Fund
6,60,00,000
905.54
-
Unquoted

Target Maturity Index Funds (at fair value through

Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund
34,45,85,668
446.92
-
Axis Mutual Fund
-
1,98,53,868
23.71
SBI Mutual Fund
45,10,57,343
580.61
-

4930.54

3938.02

15820.10

12349.48
TOTAL

20750.64

16287.50
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Aggregate market value of quoted investments ` 4933.92 Crores (2025 - ` 3941.75 Crores).
#
Additional Tier 1 bonds, which are perpetual in nature, are issued by commercial banks under Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
These have been classified as debt instruments by the Group based on the substantive characteristics of the contract.
*
Investments in Fixed Maturity Plans (FMPs) that are intended to be held by the Company till maturity are classified as amortised cost.
The underlying instruments in the portfolio of these FMPs have minimal churn and are held to receive contractual cashflows.
** Exchange Traded / Target Maturity Index Funds follow a passive buy and hold investment strategy to receive contractual cashflows
except for meeting redemption and rebalancing requirements. Investment in such funds are classified as FVTOCI as cash flows from
these investments are realised on maturity or upon sale.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 263
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
12. Trade receivables (Current)

Considered good - Secured
7.85
49.71

Considered good - Unsecured
3915.01
4669.96

Which have significant increase in Credit Risk
-

Credit impaired
188.74
176.13

Less: Allowance for credit impairment [Refer Note 33]
188.74
176.13

TOTAL
3922.86
4719.67
Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment as at 31st March, 2026
Total
Less than
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than
Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered
2156.34
1589.52
113.04
63.63
0.33
-
3922.86
Undisputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Undisputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
2.37
0.51
13.94
30.21
7.72
40.01
94.76
Disputed Trade Receivables - considered good
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
0.03
1.52
8.07
1.39
82.97
93.98
SUB-TOTAL
2158.71
1590.06
128.50
101.91
9.44
122.98
4111.60
188.74
TOTAL
3922.86
Trade receivables ageing schedule
(` in Crores)
Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment as at 31st March, 2025
Total
Less than
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than
Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered
2189.06
2449.38
45.92
35.35

0.27
4719.98
Undisputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Undisputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
1.12
5.07
20.22
1.00
39.06
66.47
Disputed Trade Receivables - considered good
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - which have
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
0.38
4.05
3.95
1.13
99.84
109.35
SUB-TOTAL
2189.06
2450.88
55.04
59.52
2.13
139.17
4895.80
176.13
TOTAL
4719.67
(` in Crores)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
13. Cash and cash equivalents@

Balances with Banks

Current accounts
396.94
414.99

Deposit accounts
239.04
202.60

Cheques, drafts on hand
6.37
1.08

Cash on hand
1.11
1.33

TOTAL
643.46
620.00
@ Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cheques, drafts on hand, cash at bank and deposits with banks with original
maturity of 3 months or less.

The Group does not have any cash and cash equivalents that are not available for use.
* includes balances towards unpaid dividend and unspent corporate social responsibility.
** Represents deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months having remaining maturity of less than 12 months from the
Balance Sheet date.
14. Bank Balances other than cash and cash equivalents

Earmarked balances*
268.66
264.84

In deposit accounts**
2096.67
3127.52

TOTAL
2365.33
3392.36

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 265
As at
31st March, 2026
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
15. Equity Share capital

Authorised

Ordinary Shares of ` 1.00 each
20,00,00,00,000
2000.00
20,00,00,00,000
2000.00

Issued and Subscribed

Ordinary Shares of ` 1.00 each, fully paid
12,52,94,68,231
1252.95
12,51,41,19,781
1251.41

A) Reconciliation of number of

Ordinary Shares outstanding

As at beginning of the year
12,51,41,19,781
1251.41
12,48,47,21,471
1248.47

Add: Issue of Shares on exercise

of Stock Options
1,53,48,450
1.54
2,93,98,310
2.94

As at end of the year
12,52,94,68,231
1252.95
12,51,41,19,781
1251.41

B) Shareholders holding more than 5% of the Ordinary Shares in the Company
As at
31st March, 2026
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2026
(%)
As at
31st March, 2025
(No. of Shares)
As at
31st March, 2025
(%)

2,22,84,95,863
17.79
2,54,14,95,863
20.31

Life Insurance Corporation of India
1,98,32,05,253
15.83
1,94,17,50,542
15.52

Specified Undertaking of the

Unit Trust of India
97,45,31,427
7.78
97,45,31,427
7.79

C) Shareholding of Promoters : Nil

D) Ordinary Shares allotted as fully paid pursuant to contract(s) without payment being received in cash or as fully paid up
Bonus Shares during the period of five years immediately preceding 31st March : Nil

E) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to the Ordinary Shares

The Ordinary Shares of the Company, having par value of ` 1.00 per share, rank pari passu in all respects including voting rights and
entitlement to dividend.

F). Shares reserved for issue under Stock Options / Employee Stock Appreciation Rights ( ESARs )

Refer Note 30(xvi) for details on number of Stock Options / ESARs (including terms and conditions) against which Ordinary Shares may
be issued by the Company upon vesting and exercise of such Stock Options / ESARs, in accordance with the relevant Schemes.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
16. Borrowings

Secured

Loans repayable on demand

Cash credit facilities from banks*
1.97
-

Unsecured

Loan from Banks

Term Loans#
-
60.00
-

Working Capital Demand Loan
2100.00
-
89.50
-

Cash credit facilities
23.25
-

Deferred payment liabilities

Sales tax deferment loans^
-
1.76
-

Other Loans
1.00
-

TOTAL
2126.22
60.00
91.26
-

* Cash credit facilities are secured by hypothecation of inventories of the Company, both present and future.

Terms of borrowings are as under:

# Term Loans from Banks

Unsecured term loan with a sanctioned limit of ` 60.00 Crores, bearing interest at 7.75% p.a. linked to RBI Repo rate prevailing on
the date of first disbursement payable at monthly rests. The interest rate will be reset at quarterly frequency.

The repayment schedule is summarised as under:

^ Sales tax deferment loans:

Interest free deferral period of 14 years and fully paid during the year.
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)

In the second year

12.00
-

In the third year
24.00
-

In the fourth year

24.00
-

Non-current borrowings

60.00
-
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
17. Lease liabilities *

Lease liabilities

71.98
140.86
56.07
137.21

TOTAL

71.98
140.86
56.07
137.21
* Refer Note 30(xv)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 267
Movement of Lease liabilities during the year
Particulars
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Opening Lease liabilities
193.28
292.15
New Leases recognised
65.54
43.36
Remeasurements and withdrawals
(1.31)
(4.28)
Interest expense on Lease liabilities
16.38
21.26
Payment of Lease liabilities (including interest)
(84.62)
(86.78)
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve adjustment
3.40
0.47
Assumed on Business Combination [Refer Note 30(ix)]
20.17
0.45
Transferred pursuant to Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-
(73.35)
Closing Lease liabilities
212.84
193.28
* Represents dividend amounts either not claimed or kept in abeyance in accordance with Section 126 of the Companies Act, 2013
or such amounts in respect of which Prohibitory / Attachment Orders are on record with the Company.
** Represents amounts which are subject matter of a pending legal dispute with a bank for which the Company has filed a suit.
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
18. Other financial liabilities

Non-current

Others

(Includes payable towards employee benefits, property, plant and

equipment, intangibles, contingent consideration on business

combination / asset acquisition etc.)

510.40
301.34

TOTAL
510.40
301.34

Current

Interest accrued
2.06
1.92

Unpaid dividend*
268.30
259.28

Unpaid matured deposits and interest accrued thereon
...

Unpaid matured debentures / bonds and interest accrued thereon**
0.30

Others

(Includes payable towards employee benefits, property, plant and

equipment, intangibles, derivatives, contingent consideration on business

combination / asset acquisition etc.)
1828.49
1604.48

TOTAL
2099.15
1865.98
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Current
Non-Current
Current
Non-Current
19. Provisions

Provision for employee benefits

Retirement benefits [Refer Note 30(vi)]
396.95
259.69
62.51
206.83

Other benefits
26.96
129.45
17.55
95.99

Provision for standard assets
-
0.29
-
0.29

TOTAL
423.91
389.43
80.06
303.11
17. Lease liabilities * (Contd.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
* Includes revenue received in advance.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Trade Payables ageing schedule
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
20. Other liabilities

Non-current

Advances received from customers *
41.78
34.51

TOTAL
41.78
34.51

Current

Statutory liabilities
3663.73
4906.89

Advances received from customers*
1341.77
1264.18

Others (includes deferred revenue, accruals etc.)
32.14
32.72

TOTAL
5037.64
6203.79
21. Trade Payables (Current)

Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
350.13
180.64

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and Small Enterprises
5289.42
4626.66

TOTAL
5639.55
4807.30
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
205.28
-
205.28
Undisputed Dues - Others
1141.09
133.81
0.32
-
1.61
1276.83
Disputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
-
Disputed Dues - Others
-
0.28
SUB-TOTAL
1346.37
133.81
0.32
-
1.89
1482.39
Accrued Payables (not due)
- Micro and Small Enterprises
144.85
- Others
4012.31
TOTAL
5639.55

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 269
Trade Payables ageing schedule (Contd.)
(` in Crores)
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
59.77
-
59.77
Undisputed Dues - Others
917.86
191.76
0.05
1.61
0.01
1111.29
Disputed Dues - Micro and Small
Enterprises
-
Disputed Dues - Others
-
0.28
SUB-TOTAL
977.63
191.76
0.05
1.61
0.29
1171.34
Accrued Payables (not due)
- Micro and Small Enterprises
120.87
- Others
3515.09
TOTAL
4807.30
22B. Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

Current taxation (net of advance payment)
1288.82
1229.65

TOTAL
1288.82
1229.65
As at
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
As at
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
22A. Income Tax Assets (Net)

Income Tax Assets (net of provisions)
70.05
50.24

TOTAL
70.05
50.24

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
# Includes Government grants of ` 243.97 Crores (2025 - ` 306.47 Crores) on account of Fiscal and Exports incentives etc.
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
23A. Revenue from operations

Sale of Products
84598.59
76827.15

Sale of Services
4659.62
4115.61

Gross Revenue from sale of products and services*
[including Excise Duty / National Calamity Contingent Duty / Health Risk Tax
of ` 8520.36 Crores (2025 - ` 6304.37 Crores)]
89258.21
80942.76

Other Operating Revenues#
655.12
670.02

TOTAL
89913.33
81612.78
23B. Gross Revenue from sale of products and services*

FMCG

- Cigarettes etc.
40601.00
35893.57

- Branded Packaged Food Products
20504.39
18282.42

- Others (Education and Stationery Products, Personal Care Products,

Safety Matches, Agarbattis etc.)
3810.56
3722.85

Agri Business

- Unmanufactured Tobacco
3378.01
3380.76

- Other Agri Products and Commodities

(Wheat, Rice, Spices, Coffee, Soya, Potato etc.)
9108.12
8863.24

Paperboards, Paper and Packaging

- Paperboards and Paper
6212.96
5957.90

- Packaging and Printed Materials
676.94
617.98

Others

- Others (Information Technology services, ITC Grand Central Hotel,

Mumbai, Fresh Food etc.)
4966.23
4224.04

TOTAL
89258.21
80942.76

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
* Includes ` 181.91 Crores (2025 - ` 131.30 Crores) being net gain / (loss) on sale of investments.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 271
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
24. Other income

Interest income
1462.23
1488.76

Dividend income
15.16
10.91

Other non-operating income
948.41
1030.02

TOTAL
2425.80
2529.69

Interest income

a) Deposits with banks etc. - carried at amortised cost
384.64
439.81

b) Financial assets measured:

- at FVTPL
157.25
132.56

- at amortised cost
449.62
560.61

-- at FVTOCI
453.42
342.32

c) Others (from statutory authorities etc.)
17.30
13.46

TOTAL
1462.23
1488.76

Dividend income

Equity instruments measured at FVTOCI held at the end of reporting period
15.16
10.91

TOTAL
15.16
10.91

Other non-operating income:

Net foreign exchange gain / (loss)
82.07
(6.88)

Net gain / (loss) arising on financial instruments measured at

amortised cost / fair value through profit or loss / fair value through

other comprehensive income*
681.41
893.56

0.01
-

Loss recognised on disposal of subsidiary
(0.99)

Impairment of investment in joint venture and associate
(0.07)
(7.87)

Others (including income from leases etc.)
185.98
151.21

TOTAL
948.41
1030.02

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
25. Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-Trade,

work-in-progress, intermediates and Biological Assets

Opening inventories and Biological Assets

2580.62
2297.12

414.60
1334.72

1348.07
1048.58

Intermediates - Tissue paper and Paperboards
104.32
95.73

Biological Assets
198.58
150.00

Less: Closing inventories and Biological Assets

5209.71
2580.62

423.93
414.60

1269.31
1348.07

Intermediates - Tissue paper and Paperboards
111.37
104.32

Biological Assets
249.69
198.58

Less: Effects of foreign exchange fluctuation taken to Foreign Currency
Translation Reserve
(2.49)
(0.03)

Add: Inventory acquired through Business Combination [Refer Note 30(ix)]
64.87
-

Less: Inventory on account of discontinued operations
-
1005.64

TOTAL
(2550.46)
(725.65)
* Refer Note 30(xvi), 30(xvii) and 30(xviii)
26. Employee benefits expense

Salaries and wages
5955.56
5377.96

Contribution to Provident and other funds
369.76
344.12

Share based payments to employees [Includes cash-settled share based
payments ` 14.80 Crores (2025 - ` 15.54 Crores)]*
148.10
150.16

Staff welfare expenses
329.34
305.22
6802.76
6177.46

Less: Recoveries made / reimbursements received
21.26
7.68

TOTAL
6781.50
6169.78

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 273
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
27. Finance costs

Interest expense

-
On Lease liabilities
16.38
16.31

-
On financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
52.72
16.10

-
Others (to statutory authorities etc.)
16.07
12.65

TOTAL
85.17
45.06
28. Other expenses
Power and fuel
947.71
975.35
Consumption of stores and spare parts
453.58
397.38
Contract processing charges
1429.58
1312.94
Rent
342.71
307.20
Rates and taxes
158.34
180.89
Insurance
204.97
188.55
Repairs
439.44
411.90
Maintenance and upkeep
259.88
223.14
Outward freight and handling charges
1988.97
1928.59
Warehousing charges
352.12
315.10
Advertising / Sales promotion
1492.86
1331.69
Corporate Social Responsibility [Refer Note 30(xix)]
495.04
457.51
Commission to selling agents etc.
86.55
56.66
30.12
11.70
0.62
1.95
Information technology services
267.80
262.87
Travelling and conveyance
452.89
463.96
Training and development
38.36
33.97
Legal and professional fees
992.38
723.81
(Gain) / Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment - Net
(11.84)
(138.76)
Miscellaneous expenses
1799.03
1750.23
TOTAL
12221.11
11196.63

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
29. Income tax expenses

A (i). Amount recognised in profit or loss relating to continuing

Current tax

Income tax for the year
6466.78
6522.46

(53.81)
(12.85)

Total current tax
6412.97
6509.61

Deferred tax

608.41
378.07

(8.36)
4.76

MAT credit entitlement
2.22
(1.97)

Total deferred tax
602.27
380.86

TOTAL
7015.24
6890.47

(ii). Amount recognised in profit or loss relating to discontinued

Current tax for the year
-
127.87

-
510.77

TOTAL
-
638.64

B. Amount recognised in other comprehensive income

The tax (charge) / credit arising on income and expenses recognised in other comprehensive income is as follows:

On items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurement gains / (losses) on defined benefit plans
0.02
3.42

Related to designated portion of hedging instruments in

cash flow hedges
(8.44)
(0.06)

Equity instruments through other comprehensive income
120.07
56.22
111.65
59.58

On items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Related to designated portion of hedging instruments in

cash flow hedges
19.77
3.27

15.64
(13.41)
35.41
(10.14)

TOTAL
147.06
49.44

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
29. Income tax expenses (Contd.)

C. Amount recognised directly in equity

The income tax (charged) / credited directly to equity during the year is as follows:

Deferred tax

Arising on gains / (losses) of hedging instruments in cash flow hedges

transferred to the initial carrying amounts of hedged items
(4.61)
0.05

TOTAL
(4.61)
0.05

D. Reconciliation of effective tax rate

The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:

Profit before tax from continuing operations
28033.39
26926.94

Income tax expense calculated @ 25.168% (2025: 25.168%)
7055.44
6776.97

Effect of tax relating to uncertain tax positions
39.06
41.27

Effect of different tax rate on certain items
(116.36)
(59.72)

Difference in tax rates of subsidiary companies
66.17
56.73

Effect of income not taxable
(57.00)
(65.69)

Other differences
90.10
150.75

TOTAL
7077.41
6900.31

Adjustments recognised during the year in relation to the current tax

of prior years
(62.17)
(9.84)

Income tax recognised in profit or loss relating to continuing

7015.24
6890.47

Profit before tax from discontinued operations
-
15654.65

Income tax expense calculated @ 25.168% (2025: 25.168%)
-
3939.96

Effect of excess of fair value over carrying value of net assets distributed

(non-cash), pursuant to the Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-
(3921.97)

Effect of addition to the value of investment in ITC Hotels Limited
-
602.79

Difference in tax rates of subsidiary companies
-
(4.63)

Other differences
-
22.49

Income tax recognised in profit or loss relating to discontinued

-
638.64
The tax rate of 25.168% (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) used for the years 2025-26 and 2024-25 is the corporate tax rate applicable on
taxable profits under the Income-tax Act, 1961.

International Tax Reform (OECD Pillar Two Model Rules)

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) / G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) aims
to address the tax challenges arising from the digitalisation of the global economy. The Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two model rules)
under BEPS apply to multinational enterprises (MNEs) with annual revenue in excess of EUR 750 million as per their consolidated financial statements.
The Group is considered a multinational enterprise to which the Pillar Two rules shall be applied. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively
enacted in many jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
The Group has reviewed its potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on financial information for FY 2024-25 and FY 2025-26 for the
constituent entities in the Group. The Pillar Two effective tax rates in most of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are above prescribed minimum
effective tax rate. Accordingly, no Pillar Two top-up tax exposure is expected to arise for the Group.
The Group continues to follow Pillar Two legislative developments to evaluate the potential future impact on its consolidated financial statements,
as more countries enact the Pillar Two model rules.

30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(i) Exceptional Items of Continuing Operations for the year ended 31st March, 2026 of ` 291.70 Crores represents:

a) estimated one-time impact on recognition of past service cost of ` 379.78 Crores with respect to increase in liability of gratuity
and compensated absences, primarily arising due to change in definition of wages pursuant to notifications issued by the
Ministry of Labour & Employment dated 21st November, 2025 bringing into force the provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019,
the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working
Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively referred to as the New Labour Codes ). The Company continues to monitor the finalisation
of rules by the Central and State Governments and clarifications from the Government on other aspects of the New Labour
Codes and will account for such developments as needed.

b) receipt of ` 88.08 Crores on final settlement of the insurance claim towards leaf tobacco stocks, which were destroyed due to
fire at a third party owned warehouse in an earlier year.
(ii) Earnings per share:
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Earnings per share has been computed as under:
(a) i) Profit for the year from continuing operations attributable to owners of the
parent (` in Crores)
20689.47
19732.74
ii) Profit for the year from discontinued operations attributable to owners of the
parent (` in Crores)
-
15013.89
iii) Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent (` in Crores)
20689.47
34746.63
(b) Weighted average number of Ordinary shares outstanding for the purpose of
basic earnings per share
12,52,40,54,306
12,50,23,78,226
(c) Effect of potential Ordinary shares on Employee Stock Options outstanding
and Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs) outstanding
84,98,428
1,86,64,293
(d) Weighted average number of Ordinary shares in computing diluted earnings
per share [(b) + (c)]
12,53,25,52,734
12,52,10,42,519
(e) Earnings per share (Face Value ` 1.00 per share)
For Continuing Operations
- Basic [(AI)/(b)]
16.52
15.78
- Diluted [(AI)/(d)]
16.51
15.76
For Discontinued Operations
- Basic [(aii)/(b)]
-
12.01
- Diluted [(aii)/(d)]
-
11.99
For Continuing and Discontinued Operations
- Basic [(aiii)/(b)]
16.52
27.79
- Diluted [(aiii)/(d)]
16.51
27.75

(iii) (a) The subsidiaries (which along with ITC Limited, the parent, constitute the Group) considered in the preparation of these
Consolidated Financial Statements are
Name
Country of
Incorporation
Percentage
31st March, 2026
Percentage
31st March, 2025
India
ITC Infotech Limited@
UK
ITC Infotech (USA), Inc.@
USA
[a subsidiary of ITC Infotech (USA), Inc.]
USA
ITC Infotech Do Brasil LTDA.@
Brazil
ITC Infotech Malaysia SDN. BHD.@
Malaysia
ITC Infotech France SAS@
France
ITC Infotech GmbH@
Germany
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Name
Country of
Incorporation
Percentage
31st March, 2026
Percentage
31st March, 2025
ITC Infotech de México, S.A. de C.V.@
[including shareholding by ITC Infotech (USA), Inc.]
Mexico
ITC Infotech Arabia Limited@
Saudi Arabia
ITC Infotech Italia s.r.l.@
Italy
Blazeclan Technologies Private Limited@
India
Cloudlytics Technologies Private Limited*
India
Blazeclan Technologies Pty. Ltd.*
Australia
Blazeclan Technologies Limited*
(a 100% subsidiary of Blazeclan Technologies Pty. Ltd.)
New Zealand
Blazeclan Americas Inc. (upto 23.03.2026)*
USA
Blazeclan Technologies Pte. Ltd.*
Singapore
Blazeclan Technologies SDN. BHD.*
Malaysia
Blazeclan Technologies Corporation (BTC)*
[including shareholding by two Directors of BTC]
Philippines
Blazeclan Europe SRL.*
Belgium
Blazeclan Technologies LLC*
USA
Blazeclan Technologies Inc.*
Canada
Nepal
Surya Nepal Ventures Private Limited
(a 100% subsidiary of Surya Nepal Private Limited)
Nepal
India
Technico Pty Limited
Australia
Technico Technologies Inc.
(a 100% subsidiary of Technico Pty Limited)
Canada
Technico Asia Holdings Pty Limited
(a 100% subsidiary of Technico Pty Limited)
Australia
Technico Horticultural (Kunming) Co. Limited
(a 100% subsidiary of Technico Asia Holdings Pty Limited)
China
India
India
India
India
(a 100% subsidiary of ITC Integrated Business Services Limited)
India
India
Prag Agro Farm Limited (upto 09.12.2025)
India
Pavan Poplar Limited
India
India
India
Fyve Elements LLC (w.e.f. 13.06.2025)#
USA
-
Sresta Global FZE (w.e.f. 13.06.2025)#
UAE
-

@ subsidiaries of ITC Infotech India Limited

* subsidiaries of Blazeclan Technologies Private Limited

# Refer Note 30(ix)

The financial statements of all subsidiaries, considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements, are drawn upto 31st March, other than
for Surya Nepal Private Limited and Surya Nepal Ventures Private Limited where IT is upto 14th March, based on the local laws of Nepal.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 277

30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(b) Interests in Joint Ventures

The Group s interests in jointly controlled entities (incorporated Joint Ventures) are:
Name
Country of
Incorporation
Percentage of
31st March, 2026
Percentage of
31st March, 2025
Logix Developers Private Limited [Refer Note 30(viii)]
India
27.90
(a joint venture of Gold Flake Corporation Limited)
India

The financial statements of all Joint Ventures, considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements, are drawn upto 31st March.

(c) Investments in Associates

The Group s Associates are
Name
Country of
Incorporation
Percentage of
31st March, 2026
Percentage of
31st March, 2025
Russell Investments Limited*
India
25.43
Divya Management Limited*
India
33.33
Antrang Finance Limited*
India
33.33
ATC Limited [Refer Note 30(xiii)]
(an associate of Gold Flake Corporation Limited)
India
47.64
47.50
[Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
India
39.47@
26.50@
Sproutlife Foods Private Limited [Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
India
47.50@
India
39.85
39.88
Ample Foods Private Limited (w.e.f. 04.04.2025)
[Refer Note 30(iv)(b)]
India
43.75
-
(upto 12.05.2025) [Refer Note 30(xii)
India
-
39.32@

*associates of Russell Credit Limited

@ on a fully diluted basis

The financial statements of all Associates, considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements, are drawn upto 31st March.

(d) These Consolidated Financial Statements are based, insofar as they relate to amounts included in respect of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures on the audited financial statements prepared for consolidation in accordance with the requirements
of Ind AS 110 - Consolidated Financial Statements and Ind AS 28 - Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures by each of
the included entities other than in respect of Logix Developers Private Limited which has been considered on the basis
of financial statements as certified by the management of the said company and provided to the Group.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(iv) Contingent liabilities and commitments:

(a) Contingent liabilities:

Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts, are ` 1235.64 Crores (2025 - ` 1112.76 Crores), including interest
on claims, where applicable, estimated to be ` 357.48 Crores (2025 - ` 332.02 Crores), including share of associates
` 113.31 Crores (2025 - ` 105.82 Crores). These comprise

Excise duty, VAT / sales taxes, GST and other indirect taxes claims disputed by the Group relating to issues of applicability and
classification aggregating ` 711.53 Crores (2025 - ` 680.90 Crores), including interest on claims, where applicable, estimated
to be ` 300.11 Crores (2025 - ` 292.10 Crores), including share of associates ` 36.42 Crores (2025 - ` 40.82 Crores).

Local Authority taxes / cess / royalty on property, utilities etc. claims disputed by the Group relating to issues of
applicability and determination aggregating ` 326.76 Crores (2025 - ` 252.47 Crores), including interest on claims,
where applicable, estimated to be ` 25.22 Crores (2025 - ` 21.29 Crores), including share of associates ` 19.86 Crores
(2025 - ` 15.26 Crores).

Third party claims arising from disputes relating to contracts aggregating ` 97.22 Crores (2025 - ` 85.87 Crores), including
interest on claims, where applicable, estimated to be ` 9.80 Crores (2025 - ` 0.46 Crore), including share of associates
` 56.73 Crores (2025 - ` 46.47 Crores).

Other matters aggregating ` 100.13 Crores (2025 - ` 93.52 Crores), including interest on other matters, where applicable,
estimated to be ` 22.35 Crores (2025 - ` 18.17 Crores), including share of associates ` 0.30 Crore (2025 - ` 3.27 Crores).

In respect of Surya Nepal Private Limited (SNPL), certain cases involving demands related to Excise Duty, Income Tax, and
Value Added Tax, raised on the basis of alleged theoretical production of cigarettes, were pending for disposal before the
Inland Revenue Department (IRD) pursuant to the directions of the Hon ble Supreme Court. All such demands amounting to
` 41.76 Crores [Nepalese Rupee (NRs.) 66.82 Crores] have been set aside by the IRD in favour of the Company vide order
dated 14th July, 2025.

IT is not practicable for the Group to estimate the closure of these issues and the consequential timings of cash flows, if any,
in respect of the above.

(b) Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital accounts and not provided for are ` 1634.40 Crores
(2025 - ` 1048.96 Crores) for the Group, which includes share of associates ` 92.75 Crores (2025 - ` 70.00 Crores) and
share of joint ventures ` 2.10 Crores (2025 - ` 1.63 Crores).

Uncalled liability on partly paid-up shares and other investments is ` 25.18 Crores (2025 - ` 25.35 Crores).

The Group on 19th April, 2023, executed transaction documents for acquisition of 100% of the share capital (on a fully
diluted basis) of Sproutlife Foods Private Limited ( Sproutlife ) over a time period of about three to four years. The Group
held 47.50% of the share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of Sproutlife as on 31st March, 2026 (Refer Note 4). The
consideration for acquisition of the balance stake of 52.50% will be determined based on pre-agreed valuation criteria
and fulfilment of applicable terms and conditions. Further, the Company on 1st April, 2026 acquired the right to nominate
majority of the Directors on the Board of Sproutlife. Consequently, Sproutlife has become a subsidiary of the Company with
effect from the said date.

The Group on 6th February, 2025, executed transaction documents for acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Ample
Foods Private Limited ( Ample Foods ) over a time period of about three years. Consequently, the Group acquired 43.75%
stake in Ample Foods on 4th April, 2025 for a consideration of ` 131.25 Crores (Refer Note 4). The Group s stake in
Ample Foods will increase to 62.50% by April, 2027 through secondary purchase of ` 56.00 Crores. The consideration
for acquisition of balance stake of 37.50% will be determined based on pre-agreed valuation criteria and fulfilment of
applicable terms and conditions.

The Group on 31st March, 2025, entered into a Business Transfer Agreement (BTA) with Aditya Birla Real Estate Limited
for acquisition of the Undertaking pertaining to manufacture, distribution and sale of pulp and paper products operated
under the name of Century Pulp and Paper , as a going concern on a slump sale basis for a lumpsum consideration of
up to ` 3500.00 Crores on a cash-free debt-free basis, payable as per the terms and conditions laid down in the BTA.
The transaction will be consummated upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent as laid down in the BTA.
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 279

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Group on 17th April, 2025, executed Transaction Documents i.e., Share Subscription and Share Purchase Agreement
and Shareholders Agreement, to acquire the balance 73.50% of the share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of Mother
Sparsh Baby Care Private Limited ( Mother Sparsh ), an associate company, in one or more tranches over a time period
of about two to three years, based on pre-agreed valuation criteria and fulfilment of applicable terms and conditions.

The Group on 21st May, 2025, acquired 12.97% stake in Mother Sparsh for a consideration of ` 50.58 Crores. Consequently,
the Group held 39.47% of the share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of Mother Sparsh as at 31st March, 2026 (Refer Note 4).

(v) Research and Development expenses for the year amount to ` 194.50 Crores (2025 - ` 187.87 Crores).

(vi) Employee Benefit Plans

The Group has adopted Indian Accounting Standard-19 (Ind AS 19) on Employee Benefits . These Consolidated Financial
Statements include the obligations as per requirement of this standard except for those subsidiaries which are incorporated outside
India who have determined the valuation / provision for employee benefits as per requirements of their respective countries. In the
opinion of the management, the impact of this deviation is not considered material.

Description of Plans

The Group makes contributions to both Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Plans for qualifying employees. These Plans
are administered through approved Trusts, which operate in accordance with the Trust Deeds, Rules and applicable Statutes. The
concerned Trusts are managed by Trustees who provide strategic guidance with regard to the management of their investments
and liabilities and also periodically review their performance. In respect of other employees, contribution towards provident fund
are deposited with the Government administered funds.

Provident Fund is funded, Pension Benefits and Gratuity Benefits are both funded as well unfunded; and Leave Encashment
Benefits are unfunded in nature. The Defined Benefit Pension Plans are based on employees pensionable remuneration and
length of service. Under the Provident Fund, Gratuity and Leave Encashment Schemes, employees are entitled to receive lump
sum benefits.

(a) Defined Benefit Plans

The liabilities arising in the Defined Benefit Schemes are determined in accordance with the advice of independent,
professionally qualified actuaries, using the projected unit credit method as at year end. The Group makes regular contributions
to these Defined Benefit Plans. Additional contributions are made to these Plans as and when required based on actuarial
valuation.

Risk Management

The Defined Benefit Plans expose the Group to risk of actuarial deficit arising out of investment risk, interest rate risk and
salary cost inflation risk.

Investment Risk: This may arise from volatility in asset values due to market fluctuations and impairment of assets due to
credit losses. These Plans primarily invest in debt instruments such as Government securities and highly rated corporate
bonds, the valuation of which is inversely proportional to the interest rate movements, and also in insurer managed funds, the
investments in which are also subject to equity market risk.

Interest Rate Risk: The present value of Defined Benefit Plans liability is determined using the discount rate based on the
market yields prevailing at the end of reporting period on Government securities. A decrease in yields will increase the fund
liabilities and vice-versa.

Salary Cost Inflation Risk: The present value of the Defined Benefit Plan liability is calculated with reference to the future
salaries of participants under the Plan. Increase in salary might lead to higher liabilities.

These Plans have a relatively balanced mix of investments in order to manage the above risks. The investment strategy is
designed based on the interest rate scenario, liquidity needs of the Plans and pattern of investment as prescribed under
various Statutes.

The Trustees regularly monitor the funding and investments of these Plans. Risk mitigation systems are in place to ensure
that the health of the portfolio is regularly reviewed and investments do not pose any significant risk of impairment. Periodic
audits are conducted to ensure adequacy of internal controls. Pension obligation of the employees is secured by purchasing
annuities thereby de-risking the Plans from future payment obligation.
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded Unfunded
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded
Unfunded
Components of Employer Expense
-
Recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss
Current Service Cost
30.61
45.72
2.76
22.29
35.39
43.31
1.09
20.63
Past Service Cost
(6.44)
298.98
1.77
55.17
-
0.38 (0.37)
1.16
Net Interest Cost
(0.61)
3.88
0.94
12.06
(3.87)
(1.19)
0.75
12.61
Total expense recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss
23.56
348.58
5.47
89.52
31.52
42.50
1.47
34.40
-
Remeasurements recognised in
Other Comprehensive Income
Return on plan assets (excluding
amounts included in net interest cost)
19.39
1.45
-
(9.50)
(3.47)
-
0.01
0.61
0.02
-
(0.07)
0.21
(0.14)
(2.76)
(4.36)
(1.11)
(2.41)
8.63
9.26
1.08
3.16
-
7.26
3.86
0.07
0.02
13.51
3.41
1.96
(1.91)
Total remeasurements included in
Other Comprehensive Income
23.90
1.56
(1.02)
(2.39)
12.64
9.13
3.25
1.11
Total defined benefit cost
recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income (4+10)
47.46
350.14
4.45
87.13
44.16
51.63
4.72
35.51
The current service cost, past service cost and net interest cost for the year, as applicable, pertaining to Pension and
Gratuity expenses have been recognised in Contribution to Provident and other funds and Leave Encashment in
Salaries and wages under Note 26. Further, the past service cost representing one-time impact of New Labour Codes
has been recognised in Exceptional Items [Refer Note 30(i)]. The remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability are
included in Other Comprehensive Income.
Actual Returns
34.73
34.49
-
73.27
41.11
-
Net Asset / (Liability) recognised
in Balance Sheet
Present Value of Defined Benefit
Obligation
842.78
877.75
19.00
255.07
848.86
533.90
15.44
191.25
Fair Value of Plan Assets
784.38
560.06
-
820.23
508.50
-
Status [Surplus / (Deficit)]
(58.40)
(317.69) (19.00)
(255.07)
(28.63)
(25.40) (15.44)
(191.25)
Restrictions on Asset Recognised
-
Net (Liability) recognised in Balance Sheet
(64.88)
(317.69) (19.00)
(255.07)
(37.25)
(25.40) (15.44)
(191.25)
a. Current
(44.02)
(316.74)
(2.26)
(33.93)
(15.28)
(25.03)
(0.99)
(21.21)
b. Non-Current
(20.86)
(0.95) (16.74)
(221.14)
(21.97)
(0.37) (14.45)
(170.04)
Net Asset recognised in Balance Sheet
6.48
-
8.62
-
a. Current
-
b. Non-Current
6.48
-
8.62
-
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 281
(` in Crores)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2026
(` in Crores)
31st March, 2025
(` in Crores)
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded Unfunded
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded
Unfunded
Change in Defined Benefit
Obligation (DBO)
Present Value of DBO at the beginning
848.86
533.90
15.44
191.25
947.48
576.05
7.70
197.25
Current Service Cost
30.61
45.72
2.76
22.29
35.39
43.31
1.09
20.63
Past Service Cost
(6.44)
298.98
1.77
55.17
-
0.38
(0.37)
1.16
Interest Cost
53.51
39.82
0.94
12.06
59.90
36.46
0.75
12.61
Remeasurement gains / (losses):
0.01
0.61
0.02
-
(0.07)
0.21
(0.14)
(2.76)
(4.36)
(1.11)
(2.41)
8.63
9.26
1.08
3.16
c.
-
d.
7.26
3.86
0.07
0.02
13.51
3.41
1.96
(1.91)
Curtailment Cost / (Credits)
-
Settlement Cost / (Credits)
-
Liabilities assumed on Business
Combination [Refer Note 30(ix)]
-
3.79
-
4.60
2.23
Liabilities transferred pursuant to Scheme
-
(106.95)
(73.69)
(1.30)
(21.76)
Effects of transfer In/(Out)
3.53
0.01
0.35
-
0.51
-
0.08
-
Benefits Paid
(91.80) (44.58)*
(1.24)
(23.31)
(109.61)
(61.21)
(0.36)
(21.98)
Present Value of DBO at the end of
842.78
877.75
19.00
255.07
848.86
533.90
15.44
191.25

*includes Benefits paid by the Group of ` 1.18 Crores.
As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Best Estimate of Employers Expected
Contribution for the next year
- Pension
90.08
56.91
- Gratuity
356.68
82.52
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
(` in Crores)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded Unfunded
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded
Unfunded
Change in Fair Value of Assets
Plan Assets at the
820.23
508.50
-
955.52
525.06
-
Assets transferred pursuant to Scheme
-
(121.03)
(72.77)
-
Interest Income
54.12
35.94
-
63.77
37.65
-
Remeasurement Gains / (Losses) on
plan assets
(19.39)
(1.45)
-
9.50
3.47
-
Actual Group Contributions
19.56
60.64
-
22.10
76.30
-
Benefits Paid
(89.64)
(43.40)
-
(109.61)
(61.21)
-
Effects of transfer In/(Out)
(0.50)
(0.17)
-
(0.02)
-
Plan Assets at the end of the year
784.38
560.06
-
820.23
508.50
-
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Discount Rate
(%)
Discount Rate
(%)
Actuarial Assumptions
Pension
6.75
Gratuity
6.75
Leave Encashment
6.75
The estimates of future salary increases, generally between 4% to 6% for the Holding Company (being the largest
component of the Group), considered in actuarial valuations take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other
relevant factors such as supply and demand factors in the employment market.
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Major Category of Plan Assets as a %
of the Total Plan Assets
Government Securities / Special Deposit with RBI
11.55%
13.87%
High Quality Corporate Bonds
10.81%
11.26%
Insurer / Citizen Investment Trust Managed Funds*
66.35%
62.87%
Mutual Funds
7.24%
7.59%
Cash and Cash Equivalents
4.05%
4.41%
Term Deposits
-

*
In the absence of detailed information regarding plan assets which is funded with Insurance Companies, the composition of each
major category of plan assets, the percentage or amount for each category to the fair value of plan assets has not been disclosed.

The fair value of Government Securities, Corporate Bonds and Mutual Funds are determined based on quoted market prices
in active markets. The employee benefit plans do not hold any securities issued by the participating companies.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 283
(` in Crores)

Basis used to determine the Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets is based on the current portfolio of assets, investment strategy and market scenario.
In order to protect the capital and optimise returns within acceptable risk parameters, the plan assets are well diversified.
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Pension
Gratuity
Leave
Encashment
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded Unfunded
Partially
Funded
Funded Unfunded
Unfunded
Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in
Balance Sheet (including experience
adjustment impact)
Present Value of Defined Benefit
Obligation
842.78 877.75
19.00
255.07
848.86 533.90
15.44
191.25
Fair Value of Plan Assets
784.38 560.06
-
820.23 508.50
-
Status [Surplus/(Deficit)]
(58.40)(317.69) (19.00)
(255.07)
(28.63) (25.40) (15.44)
(191.25)
Experience Adjustment of Plan Assets
[Gain/ (Loss)]
(19.39)
(1.45)
-
9.50
3.47
-
Experience Adjustment of obligation
[(Gain)/ Loss]
7.26
3.86
0.07
0.02
13.51
3.41
1.96
(1.91)
XI.
Sensitivity Analysis
The Sensitivity Analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible change of the respective assumptions
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. These sensitivities show the
hypothetical impact of a change in each of the listed assumptions in isolation. While each of these sensitivities holds all
other assumptions constant, in practice such assumptions rarely change in isolation and the asset value changes may
partially offset this impact. For presenting the sensitivities, the present value of the Defined Benefit Obligation has been
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied in
calculating the Defined Benefit Obligation presented above. There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in
the preparation of the Sensitivity Analysis from previous year.

DBO as at 31st March, 2026
DBO as at 31st March, 2025
Discount Rate + 100 basis points
1872.26
1507.49
Discount Rate - 100 basis points
2116.46
1695.17
Salary Increase Rate + 1%
2097.59
1690.15
Salary Increase Rate - 1%
1884.40
1514.17

Maturity Analysis of the Benefit Payments
Year 1
286.35
236.97
Year 2
276.11
234.66
Year 3
216.96
168.65
Year 4
207.42
132.61
Year 5
162.07
163.36
Next 5 Years
668.59
538.85

(b) Amounts towards Defined Contribution Plans have been recognised under Contribution to Provident and other funds
in Note 26: ` 296.60 Crores [2025 - ` 301.95 Crores (including amounts recognized in discontinued operations)].
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
(` in Crores)
(` in Crores)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)

(vii) Additional information as required by Paragraph 2 of the General Instructions for Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
to Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
Name of the Entity
Net Assets
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Share in Other
Comprehensive Income
Share in Total
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated
Net Assets
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Profit or
(Loss)
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Total
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
Parent
85.51%
62,309.57
91.94%
19325.60
125.89%
(809.95)
90.88%
18,515.65
Subsidiary
Indian
Russell Credit
1.31%
954.54
0.23%
48.99
0.69%
(4.46)
0.22%
44.53
Greenacre
Holdings Limited
0.11%
80.17
0.02%
3.61
( )
0.02
0.02%
3.63
Prag Agro Farm
Limited*
-

0.01
-

0.01
Pavan Poplar
Limited*
-
( )
(0.09)
-
( )
(0.09)
Technico Agri
Sciences Limited
0.58%
426.18
0.38%
79.89
(0.02%)
0.12
0.39%
80.01
ITC Infotech India
2.08%
1513.29
1.59%
333.65
(1.58%)
10.18
1.69%
343.83
Blazeclan
Technologies
0.03%
25.40
(0.15%)
(31.49)
(0.53%)
3.42
(0.14%)
(28.07)
Cloudlytics
Technologies
( )
(1.32)

0.01
-

0.01
Gold Flake
0.04%
26.29
0.01%
1.18
-
0.01%
1.18
ITC Integrated
Business Services
0.02%
11.54
0.01%
1.34
(0.01%)
0.05
0.01%
1.39
MRR Trading
& Investment
Company Limited

0.04

0.01
-

0.01
North East
Nutrients Private
0.11%
78.96
0.04%
8.36
( )
0.01
0.04%
8.37
ITC IndiVision
0.39%
287.58
(0.15%)
(32.40)
0.01%
(0.08)
(0.16%)
(32.48)
ITC Fibre
Innovations Limited
0.38%
278.01
(0.16%)
(33.45)
( )
0.01
(0.16%)
(33.44)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 285

Name of the Entity
Net Assets
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Share in Other
Comprehensive Income
Share in Total
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated
Net Assets
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Profit or
(Loss)
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Total
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
Foreign
Technico Pty
0.06%
45.84
0.04%
7.47
(2.32%)
14.90
0.11%
22.37
Technico
Technologies Inc.

1.15
-
(0.12%)
0.80
0.00%
0.80
Technico Asia
Holdings Pty

0.15
( )
(0.01)
(0.02%)
0.10
0.00%
0.09
Technico
Horticulture
(Kunming) Co.
0.03%
19.63
0.01%
2.18
0.50%
(3.22)
(0.01%)
(1.04)
Fyve Elements
LLC#
0.20%
143.84

0.91
(1.74%)
11.22
0.06%
12.13
Sresta Global
FZE#
( )
(0.21)

0.70
(0.02%)
0.14

0.84
ITC Infotech
0.16%
114.38
0.09%
19.01
(2.33%)
15.00
0.17%
34.01
ITC Infotech
(USA), Inc.
0.39%
284.14
0.14%
28.96
(5.60%)
36.00
0.32%
64.96
0.01%
6.36
0.16%
33.54
-
0.16%
33.54
ITC Infotech Do
Brasil LTDA.
0.01%
9.05
0.01%
1.59
(0.31%)
2.00
0.02%
3.59
ITC Infotech
France SAS
0.06%
41.23
0.02%
4.16
(0.94%)
6.02
0.05%
10.18
ITC Infotech
GmbH
0.11%
77.89
0.03%
6.44
(1.99%)
12.82
0.09%
19.26
ITC Infotech
Malaysia SDN.
BHD.
0.04%
26.85
0.02%
3.66
(0.62%)
4.00
0.04%
7.66
ITC Infotech de
México, S.A. de C.V.
0.03%
22.31
0.01%
1.27
(0.62%)
4.00
0.03%
5.27
ITC Infotech
Arabia Limited
0.07%
54.15
0.05%
9.70
(0.77%)
4.97
0.07%
14.67
ITC Infotech
Italia s.r.l.
0.01%
10.35
0.01%
1.12
(0.31%)
2.00
0.02%
3.12
Blazeclan
Technologies Pty.
Ltd.
0.01%
5.14

0.82
(0.13%)
0.81
0.01%
1.63
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Name of the Entity
Net Assets
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Share in Other
Comprehensive Income
Share in Total
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated
Net Assets
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Profit or
(Loss)
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Total
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
Foreign
Blazeclan
Technologies

0.70

0.02
(0.01%)
0.07
0.00%
0.09
Blazeclan
Americas Inc.

0.94

0.23
(0.01%)
0.08
0.00%
0.31
Blazeclan
Technologies Pte.
Ltd.
0.01%
8.40
0.02%
4.77
(0.23%)
1.47
0.03%
6.24
Blazeclan
Technologies

2.13

0.31
(0.05%)
0.35

0.66
Blazeclan
Technologies

1.81

0.04
(0.01%)
0.08

0.12
Blazeclan
Europe SRL.

0.36

0.99
0.01%
(0.05)

0.94
Blazeclan
Technologies LLC

0.55
( )
(0.14)
(0.01%)
0.06

(0.08)
Blazeclan
Technologies Inc.
( )
(1.64)

0.10
0.03%
(0.21)
( )
(0.11)
Surya Nepal
0.46%
336.53
2.28%
478.55
0.24%
(1.55)
2.34%
477.00
Surya Nepal
Ventures Private
0.02%
16.78

0.78
-

0.78
Non-Controlling
Interest in all
subsidiaries
0.50%
365.72
1.56%
328.68
0.17%
(1.09)
1.61%
327.59
Associates
Indian
Russell
Investments
0.06%
46.13
0.01%
3.13
(0.03%)
0.22
0.02%
3.35
Divya
Management
0.02%
10.98
0.01%
2.71
-
0.01%
2.71
Antrang Finance
0.01%
7.93
0.01%
2.28
(0.02%)
0.13
0.01%
2.41
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 287

Name of the Entity
Net Assets
Share in Profit or (Loss)
Share in Other
Comprehensive Income
Share in Total
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated
Net Assets
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Profit or
(Loss)
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
As % of
Consolidated
Total
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
(` in Crores)
Associates
Indian
0.01%
9.36
( )
(0.23)
(0.01%)
0.06
( )
(0.17)
Delectable
Technologies
-
Mother Sparsh
Baby Care Private
0.12%
86.04
(0.01%)
(1.26)
( )
0.01
(0.01%)
(1.25)
Sproutlife Foods
0.27%
194.09
(0.02%)
(4.67)
0.03%
(0.18)
(0.02%)
(4.85)
6.37%
4,645.27
1.60%
335.95
(7.24%)
46.59
1.88%
382.54
Ample Foods
0.18%
129.11
(0.01%)
(2.28)
(0.02%)
0.14
(0.01%)
(2.14)
Joint Ventures
Indian
ITC Filtrona
0.22%
159.33
0.20%
41.38
0.05%
(0.35)
0.20%
41.03
Logix Developers
-

0.07
-

0.07
Total
100.00%
72873.02
100.00%
21018.15
100.00%
(643.29)
100.00%
20374.86

# Refer Note 30(ix)

* Refer Note 30(xiv)

(viii) Under
terms
Joint
Venture
Agreement
(JVA),
Logix
Developers
( LDPL )
(CIN: U70101DL2010PTC207640) was to develop a luxury hotel-cum-service apartment complex. However, Logix Estates
Private Limited, Noida, the JV partner communicated its intention to explore alternative development plans to which the
Company reiterated that IT was committed only to the project as envisaged in the JVA. The JV partner refused to progress
the project and instead expressed its intent to exit the JV by selling its stake to the Company and subsequently proposed that
both parties should find a third party to sell the entire shareholding in LDPL. The resultant deadlock has stalled the project.
The Company s petition that the affairs of the JV are being conducted in a manner that is prejudicial to the interest of the
Company and the JV entity, as also a petition for winding up of LDPL filed by Logix Estates, are currently before the Hon ble
National Company Law Tribunal, Delhi Bench.

New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (NOIDA), vide letter dated 6th July, 2022, cancelled the sub-lease for the
land on which the project was to be constructed on account of non-payment of lease instalments and non-fulfilment of
the conditions of the sub-lease, including forfeiture of the amount deposited. Upon cancellation of the sub-lease, LDPL is
evaluating all options to pursue its rights.

The financial statements of LDPL for the year ended 31st March, 2026 are yet to be approved by its Board of Directors.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)

(ix) The Group on 13th June, 2025, acquired, in an all-cash deal, 100% of the equity share capital of Sresta Natural Bioproducts
Private Limited ( Sresta ), an Indian company primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling of organic food
products (staples, spices, processed foods etc.) under the brand name 24 Mantra Organic . This acquisition is expected to
fortify ITC s presence and market standing in the high growth organic products segment in both Indian and overseas markets.

Subsequently, the Board of Directors of the Company at the meeting held on 1st August, 2025 approved the Scheme
of Amalgamation of Sresta and Wimco Limited ( Wimco ), wholly owned subsidiaries, with the Company under Sections
230 and 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Scheme ). The Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ), Kolkata
Bench vide Order dated 20th March, 2026 and NCLT, Hyderabad Bench, vide Order dated 16th April, 2026 have approved
the said amalgamation and certified copies of the Orders have been filed with the Registrar of Companies, West Bengal
and Telangana, respectively, on 7th May, 2026. Since all the requisite formalities have been completed, the aforesaid
amalgamation has been given effect to in these Financial Statements from the respective Appointed Dates i.e. 1st April, 2025
for Wimco and 13th June, 2025 for Sresta. Accordingly, the two subsidiaries of Sresta viz., Sresta Global FZE, UAE and Fyve
Elements LLC, USA, have become direct wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company.

The acquisition of Sresta and its subsidiaries has been accounted for using the acquisition method prescribed under Ind AS 103 -
Business Combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets (both tangible and intangible) acquired and liabilities
assumed have been recorded at their provisional acquisition date fair values as determined by an independent valuer. Excess
of purchase consideration over the fair value of identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been recognized as
Goodwill.

The fair value of total purchase consideration (including contingent consideration of ` 9.33 Crores) is ` 328.13 Crores. The
fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on acquisition are as follows:
Particulars
Amount
(` in Crores)
Property, Plant and Equipment
17.26
Other intangible assets
230.00
Right-of-use assets
18.01
Trade receivables
37.73
Other assets (net)
28.16
Borrowings (including cash credit facilities)
(92.91)
Sub Total
238.25
Goodwill#
89.88
Total
328.13

# Goodwill is attributed to the potential of growing the business internationally, assembled workforce, expected operating
synergies etc. Goodwill has not been considered as a depreciable asset for income tax purpose.

As part of the acquisition, contingent consideration of an amount not exceeding ` 11.50 Crores (undiscounted value) is
payable to the erstwhile promoters of Sresta after 2 years on the business achieving mutually agreed financial milestones.
The fair value of contingent consideration as on 31st March, 2026 is ` 10.20 Crores.

The acquired business has contributed revenue of ` 263.69 Crores and loss of ` 22.45 Crores for the year ended
March 31, 2026.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 289

(x) In FY 22-23, I3L had entered into an agreement with PTC Inc., a global technology company headquartered in Boston, USA,
to acquire a part of PTC s PLM implementation services business and create a new service line focused on the adoption of
PTC s industry-leading Windchill PLM software as a service (SaaS).

The consideration against the above agreement was payable to PTC over a period of time by way of cash consideration and
also involved contingent consideration which was subject to achievement of revenue and business targets. In the current
year contingent consideration has been finalised based on the actual performance against the said targets. The movement
of the amount payable to PTC is as below:

(` in Crores)
Particulars
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Opening Balance
295.21
400.11
Referral Fees
-
(71.24)
Settlement of consideration by offset of trade receivables*
(104.60)
(74.85)
Changes in fair value recognised in Other Income (Refer Note 24)
(34.04)
36.43
Change in fair value transferred to Hedge Reserve (Refer Note 33)
10.44
4.76
Closing Balance**
167.01
295.21

* Represents settlement of consideration for Business and Commercial Rights through standardisation projects and service
credits.

** The amount carried in the Balance Sheet as a non - current financial liability is ` 79.80 Crores (2025 - ` 198.39 Crores)
and as current financial liability is ` 87.21 Crores (2025 - ` 96.82 Crores) [Refer Note 18].

(xi) Discontinued Operations represents operations of the Hotels Business of the Company (excluding ITC Grand Central,
Mumbai) which was demerged pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement amongst the Company and ITC Hotels Limited
and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 read with the other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 w.e.f. 1st January, 2025, being the Appointed Date and the Effective Date.

The exceptional items of discontinued operations for the year ended 31st March, 2025 represent the excess of fair value of
the net assets distributed to the shareholders of the Company over its carrying value amounting to ` 15128.81 Crores (net of
demerger related expenses).

(xii) During the year, the Group divested its entire shareholding of 7,759 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of ` 10/-
each and 2,386 Equity Shares of ` 10/- each held in Delectable Technologies Private Limited ( DTPL ), consequent to which
DTPL ceased to be an associate company.

(xiii) During the year, ATC Limited ( ATC ), an associate company of the Group made the fourth and final call of ` 30.00 per share
towards face value and ` 60.00 per share towards securities premium on the partly paid shares held by the Group in ATC.
Pursuant to the payment of the said call money, the Group s shareholding in ATC increased from 47.50% to 47.64%. ATC
continues to be classified as an associate of the Group.

(xiv) Prag Agro Farm Limited has ceased to be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company with effect from 10th December,
2025, consequent to its voluntary liquidation by the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench. Further,
Pavan Poplar Limited has filed for voluntary liquidation and the same is pending with the said Tribunal.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)

(xv) Leases

As a Lessee

The Group s significant leasing arrangements are in respect of land, buildings (comprising licensed properties, residential
premises, office premises, stores, warehouses etc.), vehicles and plant & equipment. These arrangements generally range
between 2 years and 10 years, except for certain land and building leases where the lease term ranges up to 99 years.
The lease arrangements have extension / termination options exercisable by either parties which may make the assessment
of lease term uncertain. While determining the lease term, all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to
exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option are considered.

The amount of ROU Assets and Lease Liabilities recognised in the Balance Sheet are disclosed in Note 3G and Note 17
respectively. The total cash outflow for leases for the year is ` 485.47 Crores (2025 - ` 480.74 Crores) [including payments
of ` 400.84 Crores (2025 - ` 391.81 Crores) in respect of short-term/low-value leases and variable lease payments of Nil
(2025 - ` 1.31 Crore)].

The sensitivity of variable lease payments and effect of extension/termination options not included in measurement of lease
liabilities is not material.

The undiscounted maturities of lease liabilities over the remaining lease term is as follows:

(` in Crores)
Term
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Not later than three years
177.80
157.83
Later than three years and not later than ten years
58.26
68.12
Later than ten years and not later than twenty-five years
12.60
15.27
Later than twenty-five years and not later than fifty years
14.44
17.02
Later than fifty years
21.23
19.24

As a Lessor

The Group has leased out its investment properties etc. under operating lease for periods ranging upto 5 years. Lease
payments are structured with periodic escalations consistent with the prevailing market conditions. There are no variable
lease payments. The details of income from such leases are disclosed under Note 3C and Note 24. The Group does not
have any risk relating to recovery of residual value of investment properties etc. at the end of leases considering the business
requirements and other alternatives.

The undiscounted minimum lease payments to be received over the remaining non-cancellable term on an annual basis are

(` in Crores)
Term
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
1st year
23.96
17.78
2nd year
19.64
16.75
3rd year
3.82
12.17
Beyond 3 Years
Nil
Nil
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 291

(xvi) Employee Stock Option Schemes and Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme

A. Information in respect of Equity Settled Stock Options / Stock Appreciation Rights (ESARs) granted under the Company s
Employee Stock Option Schemes / Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme ( Schemes )
Particulars
ITC Employee
Stock Option
Scheme - 2006
ITC Employee
Stock Option
Scheme - 2010
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation
Rights Scheme 2025
1.
Date of Shareholders
approval
:
22-01-2007
23-07-2010
10-04-2025
2.
Total number of Options / ESARs
approved under the Schemes
(Adjusted for Bonus Shares issued
in terms of Shareholders approval)
:
Options equivalent
to 37,89,18,503
Ordinary Shares of
`1/- each
Options equivalent
to 55,60,44,823
Ordinary Shares of
`1/- each
ESARs not exceeding 25,02,34,207
Ordinary Shares of ` 1/- each
3.
Vesting Schedule
:
The vesting period for conversion of Options / ESARs is as follows:

On completion of 12 months from the date of grant: 30% vests

On completion of 24 months from the date of grant: 30% vests

On completion of 36 months from the date of grant: 40% vests
4.
Pricing Formula
:
The Pricing Formula, as approved by the Shareholders of the Company, is such price,
as determined by the Nomination & Compensation Committee, which is not lower than
the closing price of the Company s Share on National Stock Exchange of India Limited
( the NSE ) on the date of grant, or the average price of the Company s Share in the
six months preceding the date of grant based on the daily closing price on the NSE,
or the market price as defined from time to time under the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021
(SEBI SBEB Regulations).
The Options / ESARs have been granted at market price as defined under the
SEBI SBEB Regulations.
5.
Maximum term of
Options / ESARs granted
:
Five years - the exercise period commences from the date of vesting of the Options /
ESARs granted and expires at the end of five years from the date of vesting.
6.
Source of Shares
:
Primary
7.
Variation in terms of
Options / ESARs
:
None
8.
Method used for accounting
of share-based payment plans
and effect of employee share
based plans on the entity s
profit or loss for the period and
on its financial position
:
The employee compensation cost has been calculated using the fair value method of
accounting for Options / ESARs issued under the Company s Schemes. The employee
compensation cost as per fair value method for the financial year 2025-26 is ` 135.33
Crores (2025 - ` 137.27 Crores), out of which ` 128.00 Crores (2025 - ` 132.62 Crores)
relate to employee benefits expense (Refer Note 26), Nil (2025 - ` 1.17 Crores) to
discontinued operations, Nil (2025 - ` 0.20 Crore) to property, plant and equipment
and ` 7.33 Crores (2025 - ` 3.28 Crores) for group entities.
9.
Nature and extent of employee
share based payment plans
that existed during the period
including the general terms
and conditions of each plan,
method of settlement (whether
in cash or equity) and choice
of settlement (with the
company or the employee or
combination)
:
(3) to (5) hereinbefore, each Option
entitles the holder thereof to apply for
and be allotted ten Ordinary Shares of
the Company of `1/- each upon payment
of the exercise price during the exercise
period.
(3) to (5) hereinbefore, each ESAR
Grantee is entitled to apply for and be
allotted, upon payment of `1/- per Share,
Ordinary
Shares
appreciation for the total number of
ESARs exercised, computed in the
manner specified in the ITC Employee
Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme 2025.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
12.
Summary of the status of Options / ESARs:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
No. of Options
and ESARs
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices /
ESAR Price (`)
No. of Options
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices (`)
Outstanding at the beginning of
:
74,34,969
3325.29
89,94,612
3040.61
:
16,38,190
4179.00
14,80,700
4835.02
:
99,081
4079.56
1,00,512
3621.31
:
15,34,845
2637.70
29,39,831
2712.16
:
74,39,233
3645.10
74,34,969
3325.29
Exercisable at the end of
:
42,26,078
3129.77
43,99,319
2686.93
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 293
Particulars
ITC Employee
Stock Option
Scheme - 2006
ITC Employee
Stock Option
Scheme - 2010
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation
Rights Scheme 2025
10. Weighted
prices and weighted average
fair values of Options / ESARs
whose exercise price either
equals or exceeds or is less
than the market price of the
stock
:
Weighted
per Option: ` 4179.00
Weighted
per Option : ` 801.63
The above Options have been granted
at Market Price as mentioned in
Serial No. (4) hereinbefore.
Weighted average ESAR price per
ESAR: ` 4179.00
Weighted
per ESAR : ` 801.63
The above ESARs have been granted
at Market Price as mentioned in Serial
No. (4) hereinbefore.
11. Option / ESAR movements
:
a) Outstanding at the
:
1,30,572
73,04,397
-
b) Granted during the year
:
-
12,19,630
4,18,560
c) Cancelled and lapsed
:
96,961
1,800
d) Vested and exercisable
:
3,400
13,98,590
-
e) Exercised during the year
:
39,082
14,95,763
-
Number of Ordinary Shares
of ` 1.00 each arising
as a result of exercise of
Options / ESARs during
:
3,90,820
1,49,57,630
-
g) Outstanding at the end of
the year (a+b-c-e)
:
91,170
69,31,303
4,16,760
h) Exercisable at the end of
:
91,170
41,34,908
-
Money realised by exercise
of the Options / ESARs
during the year (` in Crores)
:
8.82
396.03
-

13.
Weighted average share price
of Shares arising upon exercise
of Options/ ESARs
:
The weighted average share price of Shares, arising upon exercise of Options / ESARs
during the year ended 31st March, 2026 was ` 410.36 (2025 - ` 467.68).
This was based on the closing market price on NSE on the date of exercise of
Options / ESARs (i.e. the date of allotment of shares by the Securityholders
Relationship Committee).
14.
Summary of Options / ESARs outstanding, scheme-wise:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
No. of
Options /
ESARs
Outstanding
Range of
Exercise Prices /
ESAR Price (`)
Weighted
No. of
Options
Outstanding
Range of
Exercise Prices (`)
Weighted
ITC Employee Stock Option
Scheme - 2006
:
91,170
1606.33 - 3276.52
2.29
1,30,572
1606.33 - 3276.52
2.78
ITC Employee Stock Option
Scheme - 2010
:
69,31,303
1606.33 - 4575.39
4.46
73,04,397
1606.33 - 4575.39
4.17
ITC Employee Stock Appreciation
Rights Scheme 2025
:
4,16,760
4179.00
6.69
-
15.
A description of the method
used during the year to
estimate the fair values of
Options / ESARs, the weighted
average exercise prices and
weighted average fair values of
Options / ESARs granted
:
The fair value of each Option is estimated using the
Black Scholes Option Pricing model.
Weighted average exercise price per Option : ` 4179.00
Weighted average fair value per Option : ` 801.63
The fair value of each ESAR
is estimated using the Black
Scholes Option Pricing model.
Weighted average ESAR
price per ESAR : ` 4179.00
Weighted average fair value
per ESAR : ` 801.63
The significant assumptions
used to ascertain the above
:
The fair value of each Option / ESAR is estimated using the Black
Scholes Option Pricing model after applying the following key
assumptions on a weighted average basis:
(i) Risk-free interest rate
6.13%
(ii) Expected life
4.60 years
(iii) Expected volatility
20.09%
(iv) Expected dividends
3.43%
(v) The price of the underlying shares in market at the time of grant
` 4179.00
16.
Methodology for determination
of expected volatility
:
The volatility used in the Black Scholes Option Pricing model is the annualised
standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the stock
over a period of time. The period considered for the working is commensurate with
the expected life of the Options / ESARs and is based on the daily volatility of the
Company s stock price on NSE. There are no market conditions attached to the
grant and vest.
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

B. Information in respect of Options granted by ITC Hotels Limited (ITCHL):

In terms of the Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business, one stock option of ITCHL (including fractional entitlements) has
been granted to the eligible employees of the Group by ITCHL under the ITC Hotels Special Purpose Employee Stock
Option Scheme ( ITCHL SP ESOP Scheme ) for every ten stock options outstanding under the ITC Employee Stock Option
Schemes ( ITC ESOS ) as on the Record Date i.e. 6th January, 2025, on the terms and conditions similar to the ITC ESOS.

Each option entitles the holder thereof to apply for and be allotted ten Equity Shares of ITCHL of ` 1/- each upon payment
of exercise price. These options vest over a period of three years from the date of original grant under the ITC ESOS and
are exercisable within a period of five years from the date of vesting. The exercise prices have been determined basis fair
and reasonable adjustments approved by the respective Nomination & Compensation Committees of the Company and
ITCHL for outstanding stock options under the ITC ESOS Schemes as on the Record Date.

The employee compensation cost as per fair value method for the financial year 2025-26 is ` 5.30 Crores
(2025 - ` 2.00 Crores) [Refer Note 26].

The summary of movement of the aforesaid Stock Options granted by ITCHL and status of the outstanding Options is
as under:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
No. of Options
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices (`)
No. of Options
Weighted Average
Exercise Prices (`)
7,28,678
1871.89
-
7,28,678
1871.89
8,935
2266.30
-
1,74,102
1483.74
-
5,45,640
1989.28
7,28,678
1871.89
98,380
1781.70
4,46,047
1521.77
Options vested and exercisable during the year
1,30,767
2280.78
4,46,047
1521.77

(xvii) Information in respect of Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward ( SAR ) Plan
Particulars
Details
Nature and extent of Cash Settled
Stock Appreciation Linked Reward
Plan that existed during the year
along with general terms and
:
ITC Employee Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward Plan
(ITC ESAR Plan).
Under the ITC ESAR Plan, the eligible employees receive cash on vesting of
SAR units, equivalent to the difference between the grant price and the market
price of the share on vesting of SAR units subject to the terms and conditions
specified in the Plan.
Settlement Method
:
Cash - Settled
Vesting period and maximum term
of SAR granted
:
Over a period of five years from the date of grant in accordance with the Plan.
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 295

Particulars
Details
Method used to estimate the fair
value of SAR granted
:
Black Scholes Option Pricing model. The said model considers inputs such as
Risk-free interest rate, Expected life, Expected volatility, Expected dividend,
Market price etc. The number of SAR units outstanding as at 31st March, 2026
is Nil (2025 - 1,24,850) and the weighted average fair value at measurement
date is Nil (2025 - ` 1513.00) per SAR unit.
Total
Statement of Profit and Loss
:
The cost has been calculated using the fair value method of accounting for
SAR units issued under the ITC ESAR Plan. The employee compensation
cost as per fair value method for the financial year 2025-26 is ` 1.78 Crores
(2025 - ` 8.84 Crores); out of which, ` 1.68 Crores (2025 - ` 8.58 Crores)
relate to employee benefits expense (Refer Note 26), Nil (2025 - ` 0.11 Crore)
to discontinued operations and ` 0.10 Crore (2025 - ` 0.15 Crore) for group
entities. The amount carried in the Balance Sheet as a current financial liability
is Nil (2025 - ` 16.62 Crores) (Refer Note 18).

(xviii) Information in respect of share-based payments by ITC Infotech India Limited ( I3L ):

The eligible employees of the Group have been granted stock options under the ITC Infotech India Limited Employee Stock
Option Plan 2024 (I3L ESOP 2024) in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Plan, key details of which are as under:

1. Time-Based Options: Vesting of Options would be subject to continued employment of the individual

2. Performance-Based Options: The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has specified certain performance criteria for
vesting of the Options.

The Options granted shall vest in accordance with the following vesting schedule:
Date of Vesting
Annual Vesting Percentage
2nd anniversary from date of Grant
35% of Options granted
4th anniversary from the date of Grant
65% of Options granted

In the event I3L gets listed before vesting, the exercise period shall be up to 5 years from the respective date of vesting. In the
event of no listing, there will be mandatory cash settlement within three months from the date of vesting.

The cost of stock options granted under I3L ESOP 2024 have been recognised as cash settled share-based payments in
accordance with Ind AS 102 - Share Based Payment. In terms of the aforesaid arrangement, the Group accounts for the cost of
the fair value of units granted to the eligible employees as Employee Benefits Expense with a corresponding increase in Other
Financial Liabilities.

The fair value of each option is estimated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing model after applying the following key
assumptions on a weighted average basis:

Risk-free interest rate: 5.77% to 6.44% (FY 24-25 - 6.36%)

Expected life: 2.67 to 3.89 years (FY 24-25 - 3.67 years)

Expected volatility: 29.74% to 32.14% (FY 24-25 - 32.24%)

The value of the underlying shares at the time of option grant: INR 1,400 per share
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Options movement during the year:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Time based
Performance
Time based
Performance
6,11,537
3,09,008
-
1,48,103
74,839
6,11,537
3,09,008
(1,86,325)
(94,153)
-
5,73,315
2,89,694
6,11,537
3,09,008
-

Exercise price

Time based options: INR 1,400

Performance based options: INR 10 respectively

In accordance with Ind AS 102 - Shared Based Payment, the Group has recognised an amount of ` 13.12 Crores
(2025 - ` 6.97 Crores) under employee benefits expense (Refer Note 26). The amount carried in the Balance Sheet as a
non-current financial liability is ` 10.81 Crores (2025 - ` 6.97 Crores) and current financial liability is ` 9.28 Crores (2025 - Nil)
(Refer Note 18).

(xix) Amount required to be spent by the Group during the year as per Section 135 read with Section 198 of the Companies Act,
2013 - ` 513.54 Crores (2025 - ` 474.52 Crores) being 2% of the average Net Profits of the respective companies.

Expenditure incurred during the year is ` 513.64 Crores (2025 - ` 475.33 Crores) comprising employee benefits expense
of ` 18.60 Crores (2025 - ` 17.82 Crores) and other expenses of ` 495.04 Crores (2025 - ` 457.51 Crores), of which
` 59.85 Crores (2025 - ` 49.42 Crores) is accrued for payment as on 31st March, 2026. Such CSR expenditure does not include
any spends on construction / acquisition of assets. Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years is ` 1.46 Crores
(2025 - ` 1.97 Crores).

Such CSR expenditure of ` 513.64 Crores (2025 - ` 475.33 Crores) excludes ` 8.44 Crores (2025 - ` 6.98 Crores) being the
excess of expenditure of salaries of CSR personnel and administrative expenses over the limit of 5% of total CSR expenditure
laid down under Rule 7(1) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 as applicable to individual
entities.

CSR activities undertaken during the year pertain to: poverty alleviation; promoting education and skill development; promoting
healthcare including preventive healthcare; providing sanitation and drinking water; ensuring environmental sustainability;
enabling climate resilience; rural development projects; creating livelihoods for people (especially those from disadvantaged
sections of society); protection of national heritage, art and culture; preserving and promoting music; promoting sports;
conducting research in science, technology, engineering and medicine aimed at promoting Sustainable Development Goals
(SDGs) and providing relief and assistance to victims of disasters and calamities.

(xx) As per proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, a company using accounting software for maintaining
its books of account shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every
transaction, that creates an edit log for each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were
made and ensuring that such audit trail cannot be disabled.
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 297

The respective companies in the Group have laid down appropriate policies to govern their Information Technology (IT)
environment, including the aspects of audit trails and have established controls in respect of user access and database
administration. Further, in respect of usage of cloud - based accounting software, where applicable, appropriate contractual
restrictions are in place regulating access management at both application and database levels. Consequently, the Group has
ensured compliance with aforesaid requirements in respect of audit trails with the exception of one associate, which is not
material to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

A company which became an associate of the Group during the year uses an accounting software for maintenance of its books
of accounts in which audit trail has been enabled at application level and the same has operated throughout the year for all
relevant transactions recorded in the software. Direct access to database is provided only to the authorized personnel from
application support team for system administration purposes. While the audit trail feature had not been enabled at database
level in the software during the year, the same has since been enabled.

(xxi) During the year, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notified the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment
Rules, 2025 and the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment Rules, 2025, effective from 1 April 2025,
amending Ind AS 21, Ind AS 1, Ind AS 7, Ind AS 107 and Ind AS 12. These amendments primarily relate to guidance on
exchangeability of currencies, classification of liabilities as current or non current, disclosure of supplier finance arrangements
and a temporary exception for deferred taxes arising from the OECD BEPS Pillar Two model rules.

The amendments do not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

(xxii) Consequent to expiry of the GST Compensation Cess, the Government of India increased GST and Central Excise duty on
cigarettes with effect from 1st February, 2026. In accordance with Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers and
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, GST and GST Compensation Cess are excluded from Gross Revenue from sale of
products, whereas Excise duty is not excluded. Consequently, the Gross Revenue from sale of products and services & Excise
duty for the year ended 31st March, 2026 and value of inventory as at 31st March, 2026 reflect the impact of sharp increase in
Excise duty and are not strictly comparable with those of the previous year.

(xxiii) Figures presented as are below the rounding off norm adopted by the Group.

(xxiv) Figures for the previous year have been re-arranged, wherever necessary, to conform to the figures of the current year. The
same does not have any material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

(xxv) The consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 21st May, 2026. Such financial
statements are required to be placed before the shareholders for adoption in terms of Companies Act, 2013.
30. Additional Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
31. Segment reporting

(` in Crores)
External
Inter Segment
Total
External
Inter Segment
Total
1.
Segment Revenue
FMCG - Cigarettes
40601.00
-
40601.00
35893.57
-
35893.57
FMCG - Others
24314.95
6.60
24321.55
22005.27
9.85
22015.12
FMCG - Total
64915.95
6.60
64922.55
57898.84
9.85
57908.69
Agri Business
12486.13
8301.20
20787.33
12244.00
7919.79
20163.79
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
6889.90
1878.68
8768.58
6575.88
1848.70
8424.58
Others
4966.23
70.00
5036.23
4224.04
64.07
4288.11
Segment Total
89258.21
10256.48
99514.69
80942.76
9842.41
90785.17
Eliminations
(10256.48)
(9842.41)
Gross Revenue from sale of products and services
89258.21
80942.76
2.
Segment Results
FMCG - Cigarettes
22245.62
21091.35
FMCG - Others
1811.82
1590.23
FMCG - Total
24057.44
22681.58
Agri Business
1584.24
1540.30
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
754.06
883.11
Others
670.40
670.73
Segment Total
27066.14
25775.72
Eliminations
(37.56)
1.75
Total
27028.58
25777.47
Unallocated corporate expenses net of unallocated income
(1282.44)
(1332.06)
Profit before interest etc. and taxation
25746.14
24445.41
Finance Costs
(85.17)
(45.06)
Interest earned on loans and deposits, income from current and non-current
investments, profit and loss on sale of investments etc. - Net
2287.04
2416.17
Share of profit / (loss) of Associates & Joint Ventures
377.08
110.42
Exceptional items [Refer Note 30(i)]
(291.70)
-
Profit before tax
28033.39
26926.94
Tax expense
(7015.24)
(6890.47)
Profit for the year from continuing operations
21018.15
20036.47
Profit for the year from discontinued operations
-
15016.01
21018.15
35052.48
3.
Other Information
Segment Assets
Segment Liabilities
Segment Assets
Segment Liabilities
FMCG - Cigarettes
13995.56
5749.63
10584.67
5729.56
FMCG - Others
13359.44
3089.15
13016.19
2432.70
FMCG - Total
27355.00
8838.78
23600.86
8162.26
Agri Business
7792.23
1784.43
7904.83
2176.93
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
10021.21
1395.22
9908.98
1384.96
Others
2997.45
1231.17
2736.44
1101.44
Segment Total
48165.89
13249.60
44151.11
12825.59
Unallocated Corporate Assets / Liabilities
45626.49
7669.76
43939.57
4867.15
Total
93792.38
20919.36
88090.68
17692.74
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 299

31. Segment reporting (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTES

(1)
The Group s corporate strategy aims at creating multiple drivers of growth anchored on its core competencies. The Group is currently focused on three business groups : FMCG, Paperboards,
Paper & Packaging and Agri Business. The Group s organisational structure and governance processes are designed to support effective management of multiple businesses while retaining
focus on each one of them.

The Operating Segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Corporate Management Committee, which is the Chief Operating Decision Maker.

(2)
The business groups comprise the following :

FMCG
:
Cigarettes
- Cigarettes, Cigars etc.

:
Others
- Branded Packaged Foods Businesses (Staples & Meals; Snacks; Dairy & Beverages; Biscuits & Cakes; Chocolates, Coffee & Confectionery);
Education and Stationery Products; Personal Care Products; Safety Matches and Agarbattis.

Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
- Paperboards, Paper including Specialty Paper and Packaging including Flexibles.

Agri Business

- Agri commodities such as wheat, rice, spices, coffee, soya, leaf tobacco and potato.

Others

- Information Technology services, ITC Grand Central Hotel, Mumbai, Fresh Food etc.

(3)
The Group companies have been included in segment classification as follows:

FMCG
:
Cigarettes
- Surya Nepal Private Limited

:
Others
- Surya Nepal Private Limited and its subsidiary, North East Nutrients Private Limited, Fyve Elements LLC and Sresta Global FZE

Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
- ITC Fibre Innovations Limited

Agri Business

- ITC IndiVision Limited, Technico Agri Sciences Limited, Technico Pty Limited and its subsidiaries

Others

- ITC Infotech India Limited and its subsidiaries, Russell Credit Limited, Greenacre Holdings Limited and ITC Integrated Business Services Limited
and its subsidiary

(4)
The geographical information considered for disclosure are :

- Revenue within India.

- Revenue outside India.

(5)
Segment results of FMCG : Others are after considering significant business development, brand building and gestation costs of the Branded Packaged Foods businesses and Personal Care
Products business.

(6)
As stock options and stock appreciation rights are granted to align the interests of employees with those of shareholders and also to attract and retain talent for the Group as a whole, the charge
thereof do not form part of the segment performance reviewed by the Corporate Management Committee.

(7)
The Group is not reliant on revenues from transactions with any single external customer and does not receive 10% or more of its revenues from transactions with any single external customer.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

(` in Crores)
Capital
Depreciation and
amortization
Capital
Depreciation and
amortization
FMCG - Cigarettes
883.88
293.55
330.23
297.55
FMCG - Others
970.22
619.85
530.42
590.28
FMCG - Total
1854.10
913.40
860.65
887.83
Agri Business
121.75
106.21
168.68
91.14
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
407.02
406.56
452.42
400.79
Others
71.33
151.55
336.17
133.49
Segment Total
2454.20
1577.72
1817.92
1513.25
Discontinued Operations
-
432.61
304.26
Unallocated
297.69
132.81
360.10
133.07
Total
2751.89
1710.53
2610.63
1950.58
Non Cash expenditure
Non Cash expenditure
FMCG - Cigarettes
23.32
43.83
FMCG - Others
175.38
131.21
FMCG - Total
198.70
175.04
Agri Business
141.67
50.47
Paperboards, Paper and Packaging
42.75
36.07
Others
18.53
9.56
Segment Total
401.65
271.14
GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
1.
Revenue from external customers
- Within India
73910.06
66439.35
- Outside India
15348.15
14503.41
Total
89258.21
80942.76
2.
Non current assets
- Within India
24811.00
23825.55
- Outside India
385.41
277.23
Total
25196.41
24102.78

32. Related Party Disclosures
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. RELATED PARTIES WITH WHOM THE GROUP HAD
TRANSACTIONS

i) Associates & Joint Ventures

Associates

a) ATC Limited

b) Sproutlife Foods Private Limited

c) ITC Hotels Limited and its subsidiaries

Srinivasa Resorts Limited

Fortune Park Hotels Limited

WelcomHotels Lanka (Private) Limited

Landbase India Limited

d) Ample Foods Private Limited (w.e.f. 04.04.2025)

e) Mother Sparsh Baby Care Private Limited

f) Russell Investments Limited

- being associates of the Group, and

g) Subsidiaries of British American Tobacco p.l.c. - of
which the Group is an associate

Joint Ventures

ii) a) Key Management Personnel (KMP)

S. Puri

Chairman & Managing Director

S. Dutta

Executive Director &
Chief Financial Officer

H. Malik

Executive Director

B. Sumant

Executive Director

H. Bhargava#

Non-Executive Director

A. M. Bharucha#
Non-Executive Director

A. Kant#

Non-Executive Director
(w.e.f 01.01.2026)

C.K. Mishra#

Non-Executive Director

S. Mohanty

Non-Executive Director

S. Mukherjee#

Non-Executive Director

A. Nayak#

Non-Executive Director

A. Pande

Non-Executive Director

S. Panray

Non-Executive Director

N. Rao#

Non-Executive Director

A. K. Seth#

Non-Executive Director

A. Singh

Non-Executive Director

P. Subrahmanyam#
Non-Executive Director

# Independent Directors

Company Secretary

R. K. Singhi

Members - Corporate Management Committee

S. Puri

S. Dutta

S. Kaul

H. Malik

A. Rajput

S. Sivakumar

B. Sumant

b) Related Parties of KMP

I) Close Members of the family of KMP:

N. Singhi (wife of R. K. Singhi)

Y. Singhi (son of R. K. Singhi)

II) Entity in which KMP is interested:

Bharucha & Partners

iii) Employee Trusts

a) IATC Provident Fund

b) ITC Defined Contribution Pension Fund

c) ITC Management Staff Gratuity Fund

d) ITC Employees Gratuity Fund

e) ITC Gratuity Fund C

f) ITC Pension Fund

g) ILTD Seasonal Employees Pension Fund

h) ITC Platinum Jubilee Pension Fund

ITC Bhadrachalam Paperboards Limited Management
Staff Pension Fund

ITC Bhadrachalam Paperboards Limited Gratuity Fund A

k) ITC Bhadrachalam Paperboards Limited Gratuity Fund C

Sunrise Spices Limited Employees Gratuity Fund

m) Greenacre Holdings Limited Provident Fund

n) Greenacre Holdings Limited Gratuity Fund
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 301

2. DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE GROUP AND RELATED PARTIES AND THE STATUS OF OUTSTANDING BALANCES
AS AT 31.03.2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

^ includes transactions with close member of the family of KMP & entities in which KMP is interested.

* Includes rent pertaining to leases classified as Right-of-Use assets.

# The amounts outstanding are unsecured and will be settled in cash (other than advances).

1. Post employment benefits are actuarially determined on overall basis and hence not separately provided.

2. During the year, the Company granted Stock Options / Stock Appreciation Rights to eligible employees, including Executive Directors and KMPs, under its Employee Stock
Option Schemes and Employee Stock Appreciation Rights Scheme at market price [within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share-based
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021]. The Company has also granted Employee Stock Appreciation Linked Reward Units to the aforesaid persons in the
previous years under the ITC Employee Cash Settled Stock Appreciation Linked Reward Plan . Further, in terms of the Scheme of Demerger, ITC Hotels Limited has granted
stock option to the eligible employees of the Company under the ITC Hotels Special Purpose Employee Stock Option Scheme. Since such instruments are not tradeable, no
perquisite or benefit is immediately conferred upon employee on grant, and accordingly the said grants have not been considered as remuneration . However, in accordance
with Ind AS-102, the Group has recorded employee benefits expense by way of share-based payments to employees at ` 134.98 Crores for the year ended 31st March, 2026
(2025 - ` 144.48 Crores), of which ` 37.73 Crores (2025 - 32.69 Crores) is attributable to Executive Directors and KMPs.

3. All Related Party Transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of the business and on arm s length basis.

(` in Crores)
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
SUMMARY
Associates
Joint Ventures
Key Management
Personnel (KMP)
Related Parties
of KMP^
Employee
Trusts
Total
1.
Sale of Goods / Services
2550.15
2142.36
122.13
87.91

0.01

2672.28
2230.28
2.
Purchase of Goods / Services
165.20
196.40
716.74
637.68

1.42
2.67

883.36
836.75
3.
Equipment and Intangible Assets
436.26

436.26

4.
Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment

5.
Investment Purchased
154.22

154.22

6.
Investment in Associates
41.25
29.99

41.25
29.99
7.
Recovery for Share-based Payment
7.77
3.37
0.03
0.08

7.80
3.45
8.
Reimbursement for Share-based Payment
5.34
2.37

5.34
2.37
9.
Rent Received
2.90
1.45

2.90
1.45
10.
Rent Paid*
0.64
3.46

0.81
0.72
0.07

1.52
4.25
11.
Remuneration of Managers on Deputation
10.81
6.54

10.81
6.54
12.
Remuneration of Managers on Deputation
21.18
9.90
1.34
1.61

22.52
11.51
13.
Contribution to Employees Benefit Plans

3.48
176.97
3.48
176.97
14.
Dividend Income
2.14
3.03
28.13
22.50

30.27
25.53
15.
Dividend Payments
4120.68
4469.63

9.00
8.59

4129.68
4478.22
16.
Expenses Recovered
65.46
113.43
0.01
0.20

65.47
113.63
17.
Expenses Reimbursed
28.64
15.30

0.03
0.02

28.66
15.35
18.
1370.31
1690.64

1370.31
1690.64
19.
Adjustment / Payment towards Refund of
Advances
1552.89
1417.65

1552.89
1417.65
20.
Remuneration to KMP

20A.

- Short term benefits

63.63
56.77

63.63
56.77
20B.

- Other long-term incentives

21.70
26.00

21.70
26.00
20C.

- Post employment benefits 1

20D.

- Share-based Payment 2

21.
Outstanding Balances #

i) Receivables
158.47
108.21
11.79
17.10

170.26
125.31

ii) Advances Given

6.48
8.62
6.48
8.62

iii) Deposits Given

0.01
0.03

0.04

iv) Advances Taken
458.17
640.75

458.17
640.75

v) Payables
223.41
30.22
7.22
7.03

359.72
36.40
590.35
73.65
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
32. Related Party Disclosures (Contd.)

3. INFORMATION REGARDING SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS / BALANCES
(Generally in excess of 10% of the total transaction value of the same type)
(` in Crores)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
32. Related Party Disclosures (Contd.)
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS SUMMARY
1.
Sale of Goods / Services

1587.03
1445.27

British American Shared Services (GSD) Limited
739.69
562.41
2.
Purchase of Goods / Services

716.74
637.68
3.
Equipment and Intangible Assets

286.14
-

Dunhill Tobacco of London Limited
73.14
-

Rothmans of Pall Mall Limited
44.33
-
4.
Investment Purchased

British American Tobacco (Investments) Limited
154.22
-
5.
Investment in Associates

40.00
-
6.
Recovery for Share-based Payment

6.98
2.69
7.
Reimbursement for Share-based Payment

5.34
2.37
8.
Rent Received

2.89
0.78
9.
Rent Paid

0.64
0.16

A. Rajput
0.59
0.53
10. Remuneration of Managers on Deputation

10.81
1.64
11. Remuneration of Managers on Deputation

16.30
2.13

3.34
2.92
12. Contribution to Employees Benefit Plans

IATC Provident Fund
41.66
45.10

ITC Management Staff Gratuity Fund
20.74
26.46

ITC Pension Fund
18.28
20.75

ITC Gratuity Fund C
18.23
13.92

ITC Defined Contribution Pension Fund
17.15
34.42

ITC Employees Gratuity Fund
13.00
33.57
13. Dividend Income

28.13
22.50
14. Dividend Payments

3197.89
3558.09

Myddleton Investment Company Limited
697.86
680.84
15. Expenses Recovered

54.94
95.17

9.11
2.89
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS SUMMARY
16. Expenses Reimbursed

28.64
15.10
17. Advances Received during the year

1370.30
1689.92
18. Adjustment / Payment towards Refund of
Advances

1552.80
1417.65
19. Remuneration to KMP #

19A. Short term benefits

S. Puri
15.25
13.94

B. Sumant
6.36
5.73

S. Dutta
5.72
5.12

H. Malik
5.68
5.13
19B. Other long-term incentives

S. Puri
7.00
8.82

B. Sumant
3.48
5.00

S. Dutta
3.50
4.29

H. Malik
3.67
3.37
20. Outstanding Balances

Receivables

British American Shared Services (GSD)
105.33
34.42

13.58
20.87

6.02
17.23

11.79
17.10
Advances Given

Employee Trust - Pension Funds
6.48
8.62
Deposits Given

N. Singhi
0.03

S. Dutta
0.01
Advances taken

457.42
639.92
Payables

Employee Trust - Gratuity Funds
315.79
23.74

Employee Trust - Pension Funds
43.93
12.66

3.81
21.76

7.22
7.03

9.67
6.65
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 303
# In accordance with Ind AS - 102, the Company has recognised employee benefits
expense by way of Share-based payment [refer Note 32.2], of which ` 37.73 Crores
(2025 - ` 32.69 Crores) is attributable to Executive Directors & KMPs:
S. Puri ` 13.17 Crores (2025 - ` 11.71 Crores), B. Sumant ` 6.59 Crores
(2025 - ` 5.91 Crores), S. Dutta ` 6.23 Crores (2025 - ` 5.49 Crores), H. Malik
` 5.06 Crores (2025 - ` 3.22 Crores) and R. K. Singhi ` 1.22 Crores (2025 - ` 1.11 Crores).

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

A. Capital Management

The Group s financial strategy aims to support its strategic priorities and provide adequate capital to its businesses for growth
and creation of sustainable stakeholder value. The Group funds its operations primarily through internal accruals and aims at
maintaining a strong capital base to support the future growth of its businesses.

During the year, the Company issued 1,53,48,450 Ordinary Shares (2025 - 2,93,98,310 Ordinary Shares) of ` 1.00 each amounting
to ` 1.54 Crores (2025 - ` 2.94 Crores) towards its employee stock options. The securities premium stood at ` 16344.50 Crores
as at 31st March, 2026 (2025 - ` 15834.70 Crores).

B. Categories of Financial Instruments
(` in Crores)
Particulars
Note
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
643.46
620.00
Bank Balances other than (i) above
2365.33
3392.36
Investment in Bonds / Debentures &
Government or Trust Securities
4, 11
4560.75
4631.26
7576.74
7615.36
Investment in Mutual Funds
4, 11
381.79
387.87
389.10
392.57
Loans
13.39
12.22
17.11
15.11
vi)
Trade receivables
3922.86
4719.67
vii)
Other financial assets
2666.52
2661.23
3226.53
3219.57
Sub-total
14554.10
14624.23
19941.51
19974.64
Investment in Equity Shares
2792.71
3632.35
Investment in Mutual Funds
4, 11
5661.03
5424.86
Investment in Bonds / Debentures &
Government or Trust Securities
4, 11
3197.79
-
Sub-total
11651.53
9057.21
Profit or Loss
Investment in Mutual Funds
12612.41
11167.90
Certificates of Deposit
3425.14
1651.31
Investment in Venture Capital Funds
174.18
132.81
Investment in Equity & Preference
Shares
34.39
32.97
Sub - total
16246.12
12984.99
16.14
22.33
21.90
24.59
Sub-total
38.04
46.92
42489.79
42559.92
42030.63
42063.76
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(` in Crores)
Particulars
Note
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
2186.22
91.26
Trade payables
5639.55
4807.42
Lease Liabilities
212.84
193.28
Other financial liabilities
2298.99
2273.46
1830.75
1813.33
Sub-total
10337.60
10312.07
6922.71
6905.29
43.29
9.02
62.70
3.16
Contingent Consideration
204.57
324.39
Sub-total
310.56
336.57
10648.16
10622.63
7259.28
7241.86

C. Financial risk management objectives

Entities comprising the Group have put in place risk management systems as applicable to the respective operations.
The following explains the objectives and processes of the Company, being the largest component of the Group: The Company
has a system-based approach to risk management, anchored to policies and procedures and internal financial controls aimed at
ensuring early identification, evaluation and management of key financial risks (such as market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk)
that may arise as a consequence of its business operations as well as its investing and financing activities. Accordingly, the
Company s risk management framework has the objective of ensuring that such risks are managed within acceptable and
approved risk parameters in a disciplined and consistent manner and in compliance with applicable regulation. IT also seeks to
drive accountability in this regard.

Liquidity Risk

The Group s Current assets aggregate ` 50708.41 Crores (2025 - ` 43893.28 Crores) including Current Investments, Cash and
cash equivalents and Bank Balances other than cash and cash equivalents of ` 23759.43 Crores (2025 - ` 20299.86 Crores)
against an aggregate Current liabilities of ` 16687.27 Crores (2025 - ` 14334.11 Crores). As part of its surplus liquidity management
operations, the Group may sell instruments that are held at amortised cost. Such sales may be infrequent (even if significant in
value) or insignificant in value both individually and in aggregate (even if frequent).

Non-current liabilities (other than derivatives and lease liabilities) due between one year to three years amounted to
` 300.26 Crores (2025 - ` 285.71 Crores) and Non-current liabilities (other than derivatives and lease liabilities) due after
three years amounted to ` 210.14 Crores (2025 - ` 15.63 Crores) on the reporting date. Derivative liabilities are current in nature.
The maturity analysis of undiscounted lease liabilities are disclosed under Note 30(xv).

Further, while the Group s total equity stands at ` 72873.02 Crores (2025 - ` 70397.94 Crores), the amount carried in the Balance
Sheet as non-current borrowings is ` 60.00 Crores (2025 - ` Nil). In such circumstances, liquidity risk or the risk that the Group
may not be able to settle or meet its obligations as they become due does not exist.

Market Risk

1. Foreign Currency Risk

The Group undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currency (mainly US Dollar, Pound Sterling, Euro and Japanese Yen)
which are subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Financial assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency,
including the Group s net investments in foreign operations (with a functional currency other than Indian Rupee), are also subject
to reinstatement risks.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 305

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The carrying amounts of foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities including derivative contracts (other than in
functional currency), are as follows:

(` in Crores)
As at 31st March, 2026
USD
Euro
GBP
JPY
Others
Total
Financial Assets
1038.72
358.49
137.67
-
111.27
1646.15
Financial Liabilities*
196.47
83.90
7.97
0.28
89.89
378.51
As at 31st March, 2025
USD
Euro
GBP
JPY
Others
Total
Financial Assets
1580.99
304.25
83.04
0.12
186.54
2154.94
Financial Liabilities*
145.94
43.73
1.74
1.78
137.42
330.61

*The above does not include the consideration payable to PTC Inc. towards acquisition of business and commercial rights
since the same is hedged through cash flow hedge [Refer Note 30(x)].

The Group uses foreign exchange forward, futures and options contracts to hedge its exposures in foreign currency arising
from firm commitments and highly probable forecast transactions.

a. Forward exchange contracts that were outstanding on respective reporting dates:
Designated under Hedge Accounting
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Currency
Cross Currency
Buy
Sell
Buy
Sell
US Dollar
Indian Rupee
48.19
173.01
19.28
222.17
Euro
US Dollar
34.80
-
14.45
-
CHF
US Dollar
3.04
-
0.01
-
GBP
US Dollar
0.03
-
0.01
-
JPY
US Dollar
2.43
-
29.45
-
Not Designated under Hedge Accounting
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Currency
Cross Currency
Buy
Sell
Buy
Sell
US Dollar
Indian Rupee
43.07
215.79
29.56
109.59
Euro
Indian Rupee
-
0.53
-
Euro
US Dollar
13.17
21.64
0.25
23.58
AUD
US Dollar
0.30
-
0.10
-
CAD
US Dollar
0.50
0.07
0.40
0.15
CHF
US Dollar
0.44
-
1.20
-
GBP
US Dollar
8.68
5.79
11.90
5.99
SEK
US Dollar
0.10
0.50
0.86
-
SGD
US Dollar
-
0.11
-
KWD
US Dollar
0.17
-
0.15
-
PLN
US Dollar
1.90
-
0.50
-
JPY
US Dollar
47.12
-
148.75
26.60
ZAR
US Dollar
11.10
-
37.20
US Dollar
Nepalese Rupee
4.90
-
3.51
-
Euro
Nepalese Rupee
0.21
-
1.06
-
GBP
Nepalese Rupee
-
0.03
-

The aforesaid hedges have a maturity of less than 1 year from the year end.
(In Million)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

b. Currency options that were outstanding on respective reporting dates (Not designated under Hedge Accounting):
(In Million)
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Currency
Cross Currency
Buy
Sell
Buy
Sell
US Dollar
Indian Rupee
48.50
18.70
4.00
45.90
Euro
US Dollar
2.00
10.00
-
GBP
US Dollar
-
2.00
-

Hedges of foreign currency risk and derivative financial instruments

Each entity comprising the Group manages its own currency risk. Within the Group, derivative instruments are largely entered
into by the Company and a subsidiary. The Company and the aforesaid subsidiary has established risk management policies
to hedge the volatility in cashflows arising from exchange rate fluctuations in respect of firm commitments and highly probable
forecast transactions, through foreign exchange forward, futures, options contracts and certain non-derivative financial liabilities.
The proportion of forecast transactions that are to be hedged is decided based on the size of the forecast transaction and market
conditions. As the counterparty for such transactions are primarily highly rated banks or recognised exchange(s), the risk of their
non-performance is considered to be insignificant. Where derivatives are not designated under hedge accounting, changes in the
fair value of such hedges are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

The Company and one of its subsidiaries may also designate certain hedge instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk
of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable forecasted cash transactions. The currency, amount and tenure of such hedges
are generally matched to the underlying transaction(s). Changes in the fair value of the effective portion of cash flow hedges
are recognised as cash flow hedging reserve in Other Comprehensive Income. While the probability of such hedges becoming
ineffective is very low, the ineffective portion, if any, is immediately recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

The movement in the cash flow hedging reserve in respect of designated cash flow hedges is summarised below:

(` in Crores)
Particulars
At the beginning of the year
(13.89)
(4.50)
Add: Changes in the fair value of effective portion of matured
cash flow hedges during the year
(49.91)
(15.31)
Add: Changes in fair value of effective portion of
outstanding cash flow hedges
(74.76)
(11.62)
Less: Amounts transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss
on occurrence of forecast hedge transactions during the year
(38.46)
(12.37)
Less: Amounts transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss
due to cash flows no longer expected to occur
(41.18)
(1.81)
Less: Amounts transferred to initial cost of non-financial assets
18.33
(0.20)
Less: Net gain / (loss) transferred to the Statement of Profit and Loss
on ineffectiveness
-
(Less) / Add: Deferred tax
15.94
3.16
At the end of the year
(61.31)
(13.89)
Of the above, balances remaining in cash flow hedge reserve for
matured hedging relationships
(3.10)
(1.63)

Once the hedged transaction materialises, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will be included in the initial
cost of the non-financial hedged item on its initial recognition or reclassified to profit or loss, as applicable, in the anticipated
timeframes given below:

(` in Crores)
Outstanding balance in Cash Flow Hedge Reserve to be
subsequently recycled from OCI
As at
31st March, 2026
As at
31st March, 2025
Within one year
(50.25)
(7.64)
Between one and three years
(11.06)
(6.25)
Total
(61.31)
(13.89)
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 307

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Foreign Currency Sensitivity

For every percentage point increase / decrease in the underlying exchange rate of the outstanding foreign currency denominated
assets and liabilities, including derivative contracts, holding all other variables constant, the profit before tax for the year ended
31st March, 2026 would decrease / increase by ` 2.01 Crores (2025 - increase / decrease by ` 0.68 Crore) and other equity as at
31st March, 2026 would decrease / increase by ` 6.67 Crores (2025 - ` 10.30 Crores) on a pre-tax basis.

2. Interest Rate Risk

As the Group is largely debt-free and its deferred payment liabilities do not carry interest, the exposure to interest rate risk from
the perspective of financial liabilities is negligible.

The Group s investments are predominantly held in Government securities, bonds / debentures, fixed deposits, certificates of
deposit, commercial papers and debt mutual funds. Mark to market movements in respect of the Group s investments in bonds /
debentures that are held at amortised cost are temporary and get recouped through coupon accruals. Other investments in
Government securities, bonds / debentures, certificates of deposit, commercial papers are fair valued through the Statement
of Profit and Loss / Other Comprehensive Income to recognise market volatility, which is not considered to be significant. Fixed
deposits are held with highly rated banks and companies and have a short tenure and are not subject to interest rate volatility.

The Group also invests in debt mutual fund schemes of leading fund houses. Such investments are susceptible to market price
risk that arise mainly from changes in interest rate which may impact the return and value of such investments. However, given
the relatively short tenure of underlying portfolio of the debt mutual fund schemes in which the Group has invested, such price risk
is not significant.

3. Other Price Risk

The Group is not an active investor in equity markets; IT holds certain investments in equity for long term value accretion which are
accordingly measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income. The value of investments in such equity instruments as
at 31st March, 2026 is ` 2792.71 Crores (2025 - ` 3632.35 Crores). Accordingly, fair value fluctuations arising from market volatility
is recognised in Other Comprehensive Income.

For select agricultural commodities primarily held for trading, futures contracts are used to hedge price risks till positions in the
physical market are matched. The carrying value of inventories is adjusted to the extent of fair value movement of the risk being
hedged. Such hedges are generally for short time horizons and recognised in profit or loss within the crop cycle and are managed
by the business within the approved policy framework. Accordingly, the Group s net exposure to commodity price risk arising from
such transactions is considered to be insignificant.

Credit Risk

Each entity comprising the Group manages its own credit risk. The following explains the processes followed by the Company,
being the largest component of the Group, to manage its credit risk: Company s deployment in debt instruments are primarily in
Government securities, fixed deposits with highly rated banks and companies, bonds issued by Government institutions, public
sector undertakings, mutual fund schemes of leading fund houses and certificates of deposit / commercial papers issued by highly
rated banks and financial institutions. With respect to the Group s investing activities, debt mutual fund schemes and counter
parties are shortlisted and exposure limits determined on the basis of their credit rating (by independent agencies), financial
statements and other relevant information. As these counter parties are Central / State Government, Government institutions /
public sector undertakings with investment grade / sovereign credit ratings and taking into account the experience of the Group
over time, the counter party risk attached to such assets is considered to be insignificant.

The Group s investments that are held at amortised cost stood at ` 8313.43 Crores (2025 - ` 13069.90 Crores).

The Company s customer base is large and diverse limiting the risk arising out of credit concentration. Company s payment terms
generally ranges from advance (generally settled within the operating cycle) to a credit period of up to 180 days, depending
upon specific circumstances and industry practices. Credit is extended in business interest in accordance with guidelines issued
centrally and business-specific credit policies that are consistent with such guidelines. Exceptions are managed and approved
by appropriate authorities, after due consideration of the counterparty s credentials and financial capacity, trade practices and
prevailing business and economic conditions. There is no significant financing component and / or remaining performance
obligation in respect of its transaction with the customers for sale of goods and services.

The Company s historical experience of collecting receivables and the level of default indicate that credit risk is low and generally
uniform across markets; consequently, trade receivables are considered to be a single class of financial assets. All overdue
customer balances are evaluated taking into account the age of the dues, specific credit circumstances, the track record of the
counterparty etc. Loss allowances and impairment is recognised, where considered appropriate by responsible management.

The Group s exposure to trade receivables on the reporting date, net of expected loss provisions, stood at ` 3922.86 Crores
(2025 - ` 4719.67 Crores).
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The movement of the expected loss provision (allowance for bad and doubtful loans, advances and receivables etc.) made by the
Group are as under:

(` in Crores)
Expected Loss Provision
Particulars
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Opening Balance
218.63
232.19
Add: Provisions made (net)
29.95
12.12
Less: Utilisation for impairment / de-recognition
25.70
17.06
Effects of foreign exchange fluctuation
3.74
0.53
Add: Assumed on Business Combination [Refer Note 30(ix)]
3.39
1.13
Less: Transferred pursuant to Scheme of Demerger of Hotels business
-
10.28
Closing Balance
230.01
218.63

D. Fair value measurement

The following table presents the fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

(` in Crores)
Particulars
Fair Value
Hierarchy (Level)
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Financial assets
Investment in Bonds / Debentures &
Government or Trust Securities
4631.26
7615.36
ii) Investment in Mutual Funds
387.87
392.57
iii) Loans*
3.67
5.61
iv) Other Financial assets*
337.94
1585.40
Sub-total
5360.74
9598.94
Investment in Equity Shares - Quoted
2790.29
3629.93
ii) Investment in Equity Shares -
Unquoted
2.42
iii) Investment in Mutual Funds
5661.03
5424.86
iv) Investment in Bonds / Debentures &
Government or Trust Securities
3197.79
-
Sub-total
11651.53
9057.21
Profit or Loss
Investment in Mutual Funds
12612.41
11167.90
ii) Investment in Bonds / Debentures,
Certificates of Deposit
3425.14
1651.31
iii) Investment in Venture Capital
Funds
174.18
132.81
iv) Investment in Equity & Preference
Shares
34.39
32.97
Sub-total
16246.12
12984.99
Derivative instruments not
16.14
22.33
ii) Derivative instruments designated
21.90
24.59
Sub-total
38.04
46.92
33296.43
31688.06
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 309

33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Particulars
Fair Value
Hierarchy (Level)
As at 31st March, 2026
As at 31st March, 2025
Financial liabilities
Borrowings*
60.00
-
ii) Other Financial liabilities*
400.50
102.43
iii) Lease liabilities*
140.86
137.21
Sub-total
601.36
239.64
Derivative instruments not
43.29
9.02
ii) Derivative instruments designated
62.70
3.16
iii) Contingent Consideration
204.57
324.39
Sub-total
310.56
336.57
911.92
576.21
*Represents fair value of non-current financial instruments

Reconciliation of fair value movement of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and categorised
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy is as under:

(` in Crores)
31st March, 2026
31st March, 2025
Financial
Assets
at FVTPL
Financial
Assets
at FVTOCI
Financial
Liabilities
at FVTPL
Financial
Assets
at FVTPL
Financial
Assets
at FVTOCI
Financial
Liabilities
at FVTPL
Opening Balance
32.97
2.42
324.39
39.34
2.42
412.76
Additions during the year
1.42
-
9.33
3.00
-
16.53
Sale / Transfer / Settlement during the year
-
106.42
-
146.09
Other Income
-
33.17
(9.37)
-
(36.43)
Other Comprehensive Income
-
(10.44)
-
(4.76)
Closing Balance
34.39
2.42
204.57
32.97
2.42
324.39

Fair value hierarchy

Fair value of the financial instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three levels:

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market or Net Asset Value (NAV) for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted price included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using market approach and valuation
techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If significant
inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
33. Financial Instruments and Related Disclosures (Contd.)
S. PURI
Chairman & Managing Director
(DIN : 00280529)
S. DUTTA
Director & Chief Financial Officer
(DIN : 01804345)
R. K. SINGHI
Company Secretary
(Membership No.: FCS 3770)
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
Arvind Sethi
Partner
(Membership No.: 89802)
Kolkata, May 21, 2026

Derivatives are valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs such as foreign exchange spot rates and forward
rates at the end of the reporting period, yield curves, risk free rate of returns, volatility etc., as applicable. The fair value of
investment in Bonds / Debentures, Government or Trust Securities, Certificates of Deposit / Commercial Papers, Venture Capital
Funds etc. and financial liabilities, where applicable, is determined using market observable inputs such as quotes from market
participants, value published by the issuer etc.

Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the fair value is determined using generally
accepted methodologies such as discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that
reflects the credit risk of counterparty.

The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and liabilities is considered to be equal to the
carrying amounts of these items due to their short - term nature. Where such items are non-current in nature, the same has been
classified as Level 3 and fair value determined using discounted cash flow basis. Similarly, unquoted equity instruments where
most recent information to measure fair value is insufficient, or if there is a wide range of possible fair value measurements, cost
has been considered as best estimate of fair value.

There has been no change in the valuation methodology for Level 3 inputs during the year. The Group has not classified any
material financial instruments under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The sensitivity of change in the unobservable inputs used
in fair valuation of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities does not have a significant impact on their value. There were no transfers
between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the year.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 311

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS
Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated
Ind AS financial statements of ITC Limited (hereinafter
referred to as the Holding Company ), its subsidiaries
(the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together
referred to as the Group ) its associates and joint ventures
comprising the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March
31, 2026, the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss,
consolidated
Statement
Other
Comprehensive Income, the consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows and the consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to
the consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including
a summary of material accounting policies and other
explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us and based on
the consideration of reports of other auditors on separate
financial statements and on the other financial information
of the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the
aforesaid consolidated Ind AS financial statements give
the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as
amended ( the Act ) in the manner so required and give
a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated
state of affairs of the Group, its associates and joint
ventures as at March 31, 2026, their consolidated profit
including other comprehensive income, their consolidated
cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated Ind AS
financial statements in accordance with the Standards on
Auditing (SAs), as specified under section 143(10) of the
Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further
described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group, associates,
joint ventures in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to
our audit of the financial statements under the provisions
of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial
year ended March 31, 2026. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated Ind AS
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
matters. For each matter below, our description of how our
audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matter described below to be the
key audit matter to be communicated in our report. We
have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated Ind AS
financial statements section of our report, including in
relation to the matter. Accordingly, our audit included the
performance of procedures designed to respond to our
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated Ind AS financial statements. The results of
audit procedures performed by us and by other auditors
of components not audited by us, as reported by them
in their audit reports furnished to us by the management,
including those procedures performed to address the
matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT
To the Members of ITC Limited
Revenue recognition
Revenue from the sale of goods (hereinafter referred to
as Revenue ) is recognised when the Group performs
its obligations to its customers and the amount of
revenue can be measured reliably and recovery of the
consideration is probable. The timing of such recognition
in case of sale of goods is when the control over the
same is transferred to the customer, which is mainly
upon delivery.
Our audit procedures included the following:
Assessed the Group s revenue recognition accounting
policies in line with Ind AS 115 ( Revenue from
Contracts with Customers ) and tested thereof.
Evaluated the integrity of the general information
and technology control environment and testing the
operating effectiveness of key IT application controls
over recognition of revenue.
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

The timing of revenue recognition is relevant to the
reported performance of the Group. The management
considers revenue as a key measure for evaluation of
performance. There is a risk of revenue being recorded
before control is transferred.
Refer Note 1 to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial
Statements - Material Accounting Policies and Note
23A / 23B.
Evaluated the design, implementation and operating
effectiveness of Group s controls in respect of revenue
recognition.
Tested the effectiveness of such controls over
revenue cut off at year-end.
On a sample basis, tested supporting documentation
for sales transactions recorded during the year which
included sales invoices, customer contracts and
shipping documents.
Performed an increased level of substantive testing
in respect of sales transactions recorded during the
period closer to the year end and subsequent to the
year end.
Compared revenue with historical trends and where
appropriate, conducted further enquiries and testing.
Assessed disclosures in financial statements in
respect of revenue, as specified in Ind AS 115.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Independent Auditor s Report
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 313
Information Other than the Financial Statements and
Auditor s Report Thereon
The Holding Company s Board of Directors is responsible
for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Annual report, but does not
include the consolidated Ind AS financial statements and
our auditor s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS
financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether such other
information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated
Ind AS Financial Statements
The Holding Company s Board of Directors is responsible
for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated
Ind AS financial statements in terms of the requirements
of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position, consolidated financial performance
including other comprehensive income, consolidated
cash flows and changes in equity of the Group including
its associates and joint ventures in accordance with the
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under
section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. The
respective Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group and of its associates and joint ventures
are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for
safeguarding of the assets of their respective companies
and for preventing and detecting frauds and other
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate
accounting policies; making judgements and estimates that
are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls,
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant
to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements
by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

In preparing the consolidated Ind AS financial statements,
the respective Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group and of its associates and joint ventures are
responsible for assessing the ability of their respective
companies to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless management
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group and of its associates and joint
ventures are also responsible for overseeing the financial
reporting process of their respective companies.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
judgement
maintain
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i)
of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Holding Company has adequate
internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements in place and the operating effectiveness of
such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group
and its associates and joint ventures to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor s
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
date of our auditor s report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Group and its associates and
joint ventures to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content
of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
the financial information of the entities or business
activities within the Group and its associates and joint
ventures of which we are the independent auditors
and whose financial information we have audited, to
express an opinion on the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements. We are responsible for the direction,
supervision and performance of the audit of the financial
statements of such entities included in the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements of which we are the
independent auditors. For the other entities included
in the consolidated Ind AS financial statements, which
have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors
remain responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audits carried out by them.
We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of
the Holding Company and such other entities included
in the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of which
we are the independent auditors regarding, among
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance
with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and
to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Independent Auditor s Report
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

the Holding Company s management. Our opinion
in so far as IT relates to the balances and affairs of
such subsidiaries located outside India is based
on the report of other auditors and the conversion
adjustments prepared by the management of the
Holding Company and audited by us.
Our opinion above on the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the
above matters with respect to our reliance on the work
done and the reports of the other auditors and the financial
statements and other financial information certified by the
Management.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report)
Order, 2020 ( the Order ), issued by the Central
Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of
section 143 of the Act, based on our audit and on
the consideration of report of the other auditors on
separate financial statements and the other financial
information of the subsidiary companies, associate
companies and joint ventures, incorporated in India,
as noted in the Other Matters paragraph we give in
the Annexure 1 a statement on the matters specified
in paragraph 3(xxi) of the Order.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our
audit and on the consideration of report of the other
auditors on separate financial statements and the
other financial information of subsidiaries, associates
and joint ventures, as noted in the Other Matters
paragraph we report, to the extent applicable, that:

We / the other auditors whose report we have
relied upon have sought and obtained all the
information and explanations which to the best
of our knowledge and belief were necessary
for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid
consolidated Ind AS financial statements;

In our opinion, proper books of account as
required by law relating to preparation of
the aforesaid consolidation of the financial
statements have been kept so far as IT appears
from our examination of those books and reports
of the other auditors, read with paragraph (h)(vi)
below;

The
Consolidated
Balance
Sheet,
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
including the consolidated Statement of Other
Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows and Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by
this Report are in agreement with the books
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated Ind AS
financial statements for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026 and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
(a) We did not audit the financial statements and other
financial information, in respect of thirty-three
subsidiaries, whose financial statements include total
assets of Rs. 4,804.87 crores as at March 31, 2026,
and total revenues of Rs. 4,774.39 crores and net cash
inflows of Rs. 178.41 crores for the year ended on that
date. These financial statements and other financial
information have been audited by other auditors,
which financial statements, other financial information
and auditor s reports have been furnished to us by
the management. The consolidated Ind AS financial
statements also include the Group s share of net profit
of Rs. 43.41 crores for the year ended March 31, 2026,
as considered in the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements, in respect of seven associates and two
joint ventures, whose financial statements, other
financial information have been audited by other
auditors and whose reports have been furnished to us
by the Management. Our opinion on the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements, in so far as IT relates to
the amounts and disclosures included in respect of
these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates,
and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) of Section
143 of the Act, in so far as IT relates to the aforesaid
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, is based
solely on the reports of such other auditors.

Certain of these subsidiaries are located outside
India whose financial statements and other financial
information have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in their
respective countries and which have been audited
by other auditors under generally accepted auditing
standards applicable in their respective countries.
The Holding Company s management has converted
the financial statements of such subsidiaries located
outside India from accounting principles generally
accepted in their respective countries to accounting
principles generally accepted in India. We have
audited these conversion adjustments made by
Independent Auditor s Report
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 315

of account maintained for the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements;

In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated Ind AS
financial statements comply with the Accounting
Standards specified under Section 133 of the
Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;

On the basis of the written representations
received from the directors of the Holding
Company as on March 31, 2026 taken on
record by the Board of Directors of the Holding
Company and the reports of the statutory
auditors who are appointed under Section 139
of the Act, of its subsidiary companies,
associate companies and joint ventures, none
of the directors of the Group s companies, its
associates and joint ventures, incorporated
in India, is disqualified as on March 31, 2026
from being appointed as a director in terms of
Section 164 (2) of the Act;

(f)
With respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated
Ind AS financial statements of the Holding
companies,
associate companies and joint ventures,
incorporated in India, and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate Report in Annexure 2 to this report;

(g)
In our opinion and based on the consideration
of reports of other statutory auditors of the
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
incorporated
India,
managerial
remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2026
has been paid / provided by the Holding
Company, its subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures incorporated in India to their directors
in accordance with the provisions of section 197
read with Schedule V to the Act;

(h)
With respect to the other matters to be included
in the Auditor s Report in accordance with
Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and
to the best of our information and according to
the explanations given to us and based on the
consideration of the report of the other auditors
on separate financial statements as also the
other financial information of the subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures, as noted in the
Other Matters paragraph

i. The consolidated Ind AS financial statements
disclose the impact of pending litigations
on its consolidated financial position of the
Group, its associates and joint ventures in its
consolidated Ind AS financial statements -
Refer Note 30(iv)(a) to the consolidated
Ind AS financial statements;

ii. The Group, its associates and joint ventures
did not have any material foreseeable losses
in long-term contracts including derivative
contracts during the year ended March 31,
2026;

iii. There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund
by the Holding Company, its subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures, incorporated in
India during the year ended March 31, 2026.

iv. a) The respective managements of the
Holding Company and its subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures which are
companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited
under the Act have represented to us and
the other auditors of such subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures respectively
that, to the best of its knowledge and
belief, no funds have been advanced or
loaned or invested (either from borrowed
funds or share premium or any other
sources or kind of funds) by the Holding
associates and joint ventures to or in
any other person or entity, including
foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend
or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever by
or on behalf of the respective Holding
associates and joint ventures ( Ultimate
Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries;

b) The respective managements of the
Holding Company and its subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures which
are companies incorporated in India
whose financial statements have been
audited under the Act have represented
to us and the other auditors of such
subsidiaries,
associates
joint
ventures respectively that, to the best of
Independent Auditor s Report
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026

its knowledge and belief, no funds have
been received by the respective Holding
associates and joint ventures from
any person or entity, including foreign
entities ( Funding Parties ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Holding
associates and joint ventures shall,
whether, directly or indirectly, lend
or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Party
( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and

c) Based on the audit procedures that
been
considered
reasonable
and appropriate in the circumstances
performed by us and that performed
by the auditors of the subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures which
are companies incorporated in India
whose financial statements have been
audited under the Act, nothing has
come to our or other auditor s notice that
has caused us or the other auditors to
believe that the representations under
sub-clause (a) and (b) contain any
material mis-statement.

v) The final dividend paid by the Holding
Company, its subsidiaries and a joint
venture incorporated in India during the
year in respect of the same declared for the
previous year is in accordance with section
123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to
payment of dividend.

The interim dividend declared and paid
during the year by the Holding Company,
its subsidiaries and an associate until the
date of the respective audit reports of such
Holding Company is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act.

As stated in Note B of Statement of Changes
in Equity to the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements, the respective Board of Directors
of the Holding Company, its subsidiaries, an
associate and a joint venture , incorporated
in India have proposed final dividend for the
year which is subject to the approval of the
members of the respective companies at the
respective ensuing Annual General Meeting.
The dividend declared is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act to the extent IT applies
to declaration of dividend.

vi) Based on our examination which included
test checks and that performed by the
respective auditors of the subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures which are
companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited
under the Act, other than as disclosed in
note 30(xx) to the consolidated Ind AS
financial statements, the Holding Company,
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
used
accounting
software
maintaining its books of account which has a
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility
and the same has operated throughout the
year for all relevant transactions recorded
in the software. Further, during the course
of our audit, we and respective auditors of
the above referred subsidiaries, associates
and joint ventures did not come across
any instance of audit trail feature being
tampered with, in respect of accounting
software where the audit trail has been
enabled. Additionally, the audit trail of prior
years have been preserved by the Holding
Company, subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures as per the statutory requirements
for record retention to the extent IT was
enabled and recorded in respective years.
Independent Auditor s Report
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 317
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802EKEEZQ4869
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026

Re: ITC Limited (the Holding Company )
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Holding Company and the books of account
and records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief and based on the
consideration of report of respective auditors of the subsidiary companies, associates and joint ventures incorporated in
India, we state that:
(xxi) There are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in their report on Companies (Auditors
Report) Order, 2020 of the companies included in the consolidated Ind AS financial statements. As indicated in
Note 30(iii)(d) of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements, in respect of a joint venture, consolidated based on
management accounts, the audit report under Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2020 of the companies has not
been issued till the date of our auditor s report.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act,
2013 ( the Act )
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of ITC Limited (hereinafter referred to as
the Holding Company ) as of and for the year ended March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries (the Holding
Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the Group ), its associates and joint ventures, which are companies
incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, its associates and joint ventures, which are
companies incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Holding Company considering the essential components
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient
conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding Company s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
Ind AS financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) and the Standards on Auditing, specified
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both, issued by ICAI.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated Ind AS
financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Annexure 1 referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading Report on
Other legal and Regulatory Requirements of our report of even date
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802EKEEZQ4869
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Annexure 2 to the Independent Auditor s Report of even date on
the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements of ITC Limited

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 319
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of
their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls With Reference to these Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements
A company s internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal financial control with reference to financial
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls With Reference to Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Group , its associates and joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in India, have, maintained
in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements
and such internal financial controls with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements were operating effectively
as at March 31, 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Holding Company
considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
Other Matters
Our report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the Holding Company, in so far as IT relates to these eight
subsidiaries, six associates and one joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding
reports of the auditors of such subsidiaries, associates and joint venture incorporated in India.
For S R B C & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E / E300003
per Arvind Sethi
Partner
Membership Number: 89802
UDIN: 26089802EKEEZQ4869
Place of Signature: Kolkata
Date: May 21, 2026

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Standalone Equity, Liabilities and Assets FY17 - FY26
Ten Years at a Glance
Standalone Operating Results FY17 - FY26
(` in Crores)
(` in Crores)
Year ended 31st March
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24 $
FY25 $
FY26 $
Gross Sales Value (net of rebates & discounts) #
64174
67082
75309
76097
74979
90104
106625
105106
113962
121044
Gross Revenue from sale of products &
services #
55002
43957
45221
46324
48151
59101
69481
66657
73467
80867
Total Income #
57434
46460
48269
49821
51776
62336
72689
70822
77693
84927
EBITDA
14578
15541
17306
17904
15523
18934
23944
23494
24026
25208
PBT
15503
16439
18444
19299
17164
19830
24677
25632
26002
26951
Exceptional items
(132)
(184)
PBT after Exceptional Items
15503
16852
18444
19167
17164
19830
24750
25632
26530
26767
Tax
PAT
10201
11223
12464
15136
13032
15058
18753
19910
20093
20286
Interim + Proposed Dividends *
12477
13230
14172
19255
17163
17957
18168
- Ordinary Dividend
12477
13230
14172
15837
17163
17957
18168
- Special Dividend
Earnings Per Share (Basic)
8.43
9.22
10.19
12.33
10.59
12.22
15.15
15.98
16.07
16.20
Dividend Per Share
- Ordinary Dividend (`)
4.75
5.15
5.75
10.15
10.75
11.50
12.75
13.75
14.35
14.50
- Special Dividend (`)
2.75
As at 31st March
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25 $
FY26
Equity
Share capital
Other equity
44126
50180
56724
62800
57774
60168
66351
70985
66643
68676
Shareholders funds (Net Worth)
45341
51400
57950
64029
59005
61400
67594
72233
67894
69929
Borrowings
-
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
Non-current liabilities (others) ^
Current liabilities
Borrowings &

Current liabilities (others) ^
10173
11477
12415
12414
13122
13166
Total Equity and Liabilities
54216
62381
69798
75235
71580
75093
82262
87328
84005
88916
Property, plant and equipment, intangible
assets (including capital work-in-progress,
intangible assets under development),
investment property and right-of-use assets ^
18417
20592
21888
23298
25521
25688
25871
26830
21060
22026
Non-current investments
13494
14071
13456
12937
15657
16364
22822
20693
19409
Non-current assets (others)
Current assets
Current investments
10100
12507
17175
14047
11625
16357
11917
15290
19702
Cash and cash equivalents and
Other bank balances
Current assets (others)
11690
12005
13294
12489
13767
15439
15015
17936
21283
24306
Total Assets
54216
62381
69798
75235
71580
75093
82262
87328
84005
88916
Net Worth Per Share (`)
37.33
42.12
47.27
52.09
47.94
49.82
54.39
57.86
54.25
55.81
$
Financials for FY24 to FY26 exclude the performance of Hotels Business transferred to ITC Hotels Limited (ITCHL) on a going concern basis pursuant to Scheme of Demerger.
#
Gross Sales Value (net of rebates & discounts) has been provided to facilitate comparison as the figures of Gross Revenue from sale of products & services and Total Income are not
comparable consequent to the introduction of Goods & Services Tax with effect from 1st July 2017, which replaced Central Excise (other than National Calamity Contingent Duty on
cigarettes), Value Added Tax etc.
*
Including Dividend Distribution Tax, where applicable.

Note: Financials for FY21 & FY22 were impacted by unprecedented disruptions in certain operating segments of the Company due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
$
FY25 includes the effect of the Scheme of Demerger of the Hotels business into ITCHL on a going concern basis.
^
Includes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities from FY20 upon transition to Ind AS 116, Leases .
&
To facilitate like-to-like comparison, figures for earlier years have been regrouped in line with amendments to Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
These graphs depict the standalone financial performance
Notes
Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Earnings Per Share and Dividend Per Share
PAT
FMCG - Others : Segment Revenue and EBITDA
Dividend
# Refer Note to Ten Years at a Glance
Includes Dividend Distribution Tax, where applicable
Gross Sales Value#
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
Includes Dividend Distribution Tax, where applicable
₹ Crores
₹ Crores
₹ Crores
₹ Crores
₹ Crores
₹ Per Share
Financials for FY24 to FY26 exclude the performance of Hotels business transferred to ITCHL on a going concern basis pursuant to
Scheme of Demerger.
Financials for FY21 & FY22 were impacted by unprecedented disruptions in certain operating segments of the Company due to the
COVID-19 pandemic.
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26

10512
11329
12505
12844
14728
15994
19123
20967
21982
24210
64174
67082
75309
76097
74979
90104
106625
105106
113962
121044
FY17
FY18
FY19
FY20
FY21
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
8.43
9.22
10.19
12.33
10.59
12.22
15.15
15.98
16.07
16.20
5.72
6.21
6.93
10.15
10.75
11.50
12.75
13.75
14.35
14.50
12477
13230
14172
15837
17163
17957
18168
10201
11223
12464
15136
13032
15058
18753
19910
20093
20286
Ordinary Dividend
Special Dividend
EBITDA
Revenue

Earnings Per Share
Dividend Per Share
Special Dividend Per Share
2.75
10002
12651
11749
13806
11494
14808
17912
15160
16279
17095
Financial Highlights

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report 2026
REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Glossary

SECTION A
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
SECTION B
MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
SECTION C
PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

PRINCIPLE 1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity,

and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable

PRINCIPLE 2

Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner

that is sustainable and safe

PRINCIPLE 3

Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of

all employees, including those in their value chains

PRINCIPLE 4

Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive

to all its stakeholders

PRINCIPLE 5

PRINCIPLE 6

Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect

and restore the environment

PRINCIPLE 7

Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory

policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and transparent

PRINCIPLE 8

PRINCIPLE 9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their

consumers in a responsible manner
Independent Assurance Report

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
ITC Divisions/ Businesses
ABD: Agri Business Division
ESPB: Education & Stationery Products Business
FBD: Foods Business Division
ITD: India Tobacco Division
MAB: Matches and Agarbattis Business
PCPBD: Personal Care Products Business Division
PPB: Packaging & Printing Business
PSPD: Paperboards & Specialty Papers Division
TM&D: Trade Marketing & Distribution
ITC Specific Terms
CAPP: Core Area Perspective Plan
CMC: Corporate Management Committee
CSAT: Customer Satisfaction
CISO: Chief Information Security Officer
CSO: Chief Sustainability Officer
ISC: Investor Service Centre
ITCMAARS: Metamarket for Advanced Agriculture
and Rural Services
LSTC: Life Sciences & Technology Centre
MSK: Mission Sunehra Kal
SBU: Strategic Business Unit
SCRC: Sustainability Compliance Review
Committee
SIP: Social Investments Programme
General Terms
ATNI: Access to Nutrition Initiative
AWS: Alliance for Water Stewardship
CSR: Corporate Social Responsibility
CSA: Climate Smart Agriculture
DECTS: Digital End to End Human Rights
Compliance Tracking System
ECF: Elemental Chlorine Free
EHS: Environment, Health and Safety
ESG: Environment, Social and Governance
FGD: Focus Group Discussion
FPO: Farmers Producer Organisation
FII: Foreign Institutional Investor
FSC : Forest Stewardship Council
FSSAI: The Food Safety and Standards
Authority of India
G.A.P.: Good Agricultural Practices
FY: Financial Year
HACCP: Hazard Analysis and Critical
Control Point
ISAE: International Standard on Assurance
Engagements
LCA: Life-Cycle Assessment
LEED : Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design
NA: Not Applicable
NEP: National Education Policy
NGRBC: National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct
NGO: Non-Governmental Organisation
NOP: National Organic Programme
NPOP: National Programme for
Organic Production
OHSAS: Occupational Health and Safety
Assessment Series
ICAR-NBAIM: Indian Council of Agricultural
Research - National Bureau of Agricultural
Inputs and Microbial Resources
PAT: Perform, Achieve and Trade
PRA: Participatory Rural Appraisal
PPP: Public-Private Partnership
PCR: Post Consumer Recycled
RFA: Rainforest Alliance
MCHN: Maternal, Child Health and Nutrition
SEBI: Securities and Exchange Board of India
SEDEX: Supplier Ethical Data Exchange
SC: Scheduled Caste
ST: Scheduled Tribe
SHG: Self Help Group
SOP: Standard Operating Procedure
STP: Sustainable Tobacco Programme
UoM: Unit of Measurement
Glossary

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Details of the Listed Entity
II. Products/Services
16. Details of business activities: (accounting for 90% of the entity s Turnover):
Description Of Main
Activity
Description Of Business Activity
% Of Turnover Of
The Entity
1.
FMCG
Cigarettes
45.88%
Others: Branded Packaged Foods Businesses (Staples & Meals;
Snacks; Dairy & Beverages; Biscuits & Cakes; Chocolates, Coffee &
Confectionery); Personal Care Products; Education and Stationery
Products; Safety Matches and Agarbattis.
29.93%
2.
Agri Business
Agri-commodities such as wheat, rice, spices, coffee, soya and leaf
tobacco.
15.21%
3.
Paperboards, Paper
& Packaging
Paperboards, Paper including Specialty Paper and Packaging
including flexibles.
8.57%
1.
Corporate Identity Number
(CIN) of the Company
L16005WB1910PLC001985
2.
Name of the Company
3.
Year of Incorporation
4.
Registered office address
Virginia House, 37 Jawaharlal Nehru Road, Kolkata 700 071
5.
Corporate office address
6.
E-mail id
enduringvalue@itc.in
7.
Telephone
+91 33 2288 9371
8.
Website
www.itcportal.com
9.
Financial year for which
reporting is being done
10.
Name of the Stock
Exchange(s) where shares
are listed
National Stock Exchange of India Limited ( NSE ) and BSE Limited ( BSE )
11.
Paid-up capital
` 1252.95 Crores (As on 31.03.2026)
12.
Name and contact details
of the person who may be
contacted in case of any
queries on the BRSR report
Ms. Madhulika Sharma
Chief Sustainability Officer
Madhulika.sharma@itc.in
+91 33 2288 9371
13.
Reporting boundary
This report is prepared on a Standalone basis, with data as on 31st March, 2026.
The financial data included in the Report is consistent with the Company s Report and Accounts
for 2026 or derived from underlying books of accounts, as applicable.
14.
Name of assessment or
assurance provider
KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP
Type of assessment or
assurance obtained
Reasonable Assurance for BRSR Core indicators
Section A: General Disclosures

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
c. A Brief on Types of Customers
ITC is one of India s foremost private sector companies and a diversified conglomerate with businesses spanning
FMCG, Paperboards, Paper & Packaging, Fresh Food and Agri Businesses, covering B2C, B2B and D2C segments.
ITC s world-class Indian brands in Foods, Personal Care Products, Education and Stationery Products, Matches and
Agarbattis today represent a consumer spend of over Rs. 37,000 crores.
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
17. Products/Services sold by the entity: (accounting for 90% of the entity s Turnover):
III. Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated.
The Company s Businesses and operations are spread across the country. Details of Plant Locations are provided under
the section Shareholder Information in the Company s Report and Accounts 2026.
Product/Service
Nic Code
% Of Total Turnover
Contributed
Cigarettes
120004, 210099, 463007
45.88%
Others: Branded Packaged Foods
Businesses (Staples & Meals; Snacks;
Dairy & Beverages; Biscuits & Cakes;
Chocolates, Coffee & Confectionery);
Education and Stationery Products;
Personal Care Products; Safety
Matches and Agarbattis.
103003, 103007, 105001, 105004, 105099,
106102, 106103, 106106, 106107, 106201,
107101, 107299, 107302, 107303, 107399,
107400, 107503, 107599, 107601, 107602,
107904, 107906, 110502, 202101, 202301,
202303, 202306, 202308, 202399, 202903,
210099, 464105, 464901, 464907, 464999,
476101, 476103, 463005, 472101,
011103, 011201
29.93%
Agri-commodities such as wheat, rice,
spices, coffee, soya and leaf tobacco.
102099, 103003, 104007, 106107, 107906,
120001, 462001, 462007, 463001, 463006,
467902, 473001, 712099
15.21%
Paperboards, Paper including
Specialty Paper and Packaging
including flexibles.
170101, 170103, 170104, 170199, 170202,
170299, 222003, 467906
8.57%
Location
Number
National (No. of States)
28. States and 7 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries)
112. Countries
FY 2025-26
9.74%
Location
Number Of Plants
Number Of Offices
Total
National
International
19. Markets served by the entity
a. Number of Locations

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Particulars
Total
(A)
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
EMPLOYEES
Permanent (D)
11,442
9,362
82%
2,080
18%
Other than Permanent (E)
69%
31%
Total employees (D + E)
12,078
9,802
81%
2,276
19%
WORKERS
Permanent (F)
11,051
10,368
94%
6%
Other than Permanent (G)
25,508
21,203
83%
4,305
17%
Total workers (F + G)
36,559
31,571
86%
4,988
14%
b. Differently abled Employees and workers:
Particulars
Total
(A)
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
Permanent (D)
71%
29%
Other than Permanent (E)
61%
39%
Total employees (D + E)
62%
38%
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
Permanent (F)
80%
20%
Other than Permanent (G)
85%
15%
Total workers (F + G)
85%
15%
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Total
(A)
No. and Percentage of Females
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Board of Directors
17.6%
Key Managerial Personnel*
* Comprising Chairman & Managing Director, Wholetime Directors and Company Secretary
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
Note: Definition of employee clustering is as under:
Permanent Employees include management and non-management staff. Other than permanent employees include Fixed
Term Contract (FTC) personnel (Management and Non-Management)
ii.
Permanent Workers include only Workers who are on the rolls of the Company. Other than Permanent Workers include
workers engaged through third-party contractors Trainees and apprentices have not been included in the Workforce.
Point i and ii are both mutually exclusive categories.
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
Fy 2025-26
(Turnover Rate In
Current FY)
Fy 2024-25
(Turnover Rate In
Previous FY)
Fy 2023-24
(Turnover Rate In The Year
Prior To The Previous FY)
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Total
Permanent Employees
14.2%
15.4%
14.5%
13.8%
13.5%
13.7%
13.4%
14.3%
13.6%
Permanent Workers
3.4%
15.8%
4.2%
4.5%
13.7%
5.0%
3.3%
15.6%
4.0%

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures (As on 31.03.2026)
Refer Note 30(iii) of Consolidated Financial Statements forming part of Report and Accounts 2026, for details on subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures. This Report is prepared on a Standalone basis.
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: (Yes/No). Yes
(ii) Turnover of the Company for the year ended 31st March, 2026 - ` 80,867.49 crores
(iii) Net worth of the Company as at 31st March, 2026 - ` 68,434.16 crores (computed as per the Companies Act, 2013)
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct.
Stakeholder
Group From
Whom
Complaint Is
Received
Grievance
Redressal
Mechanism In
Place (Yes/No)
(If Yes, Then
Provide Web-Link
For Grievance
Redress Policy)*
Fy 2025-26
Current Financial Year
Fy 2024-25
Previous Financial Year
Number Of
Complaints
Filed
During The
Year
Number Of
Complaints
Pending
Resolution
At Close Of
The Year
Remarks
Number Of
Complaints
Filed
During The
Year
Number Of
Complaints
Pending
Resolution
At Close Of
The Year
Remarks
Communities
Yes
9#
-
7^
-
Investors and
shareholders
Yes
-
Employees
and workers
Yes
-
1^
-
Customers
Yes
25,362
3,576^^
-
19,812
2,505^
-
Value Chain
Partners
Yes
-
*The details of grievance redressal mechanisms for each stakeholder group are provided in the table below.
#The process is undertaken annually in February / March, and resolution is initiated in April of next financial year. Hence, these
appear as open as on 31st March 2026.
^Resolved after March 2025.
^^Will be resolved after March 2026.
Stakeholder
Group From Whom
Complaint Is Received
Grievance Redressal Mechanism In Place
Communities
The Social Investments Programme (SIP) team conducts Annual Community Engagements
to capture community members views, suggestions, and grievances related to programme
implementation. These engagements are typically held during February-March, with
issue resolution undertaken in the subsequent financial year. All seven grievances
raised during the February/March 2025 engagements were resolved within the year.
During FY 2025-26, 71 community engagement meetings were conducted across major
States where SIP programmes are implemented. These were facilitated by SIP State-
level managers and involved community members from villages and urban catchments,
with implementing NGOs also participating. All engagements were planned and

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
reviewed by the SIP Head Office team. From these, nine grievances - mainly related
to requests for additional interventions and scope for improvement - were reported,
and appropriate actions have been incorporated into plans for the upcoming year.
Beyond formal grievance mechanisms, regular engagement is maintained through
structured monitoring field visits by ITC managers at Head Office, Regional, and State
levels, frequent interactions by implementation partners, and annual third-party impact
assessments, which objectively evaluate programmes and capture community feedback.
Investors and
shareholders
Yes, https://itcportal.com/investors.html
The Company has an Investor Service Centre (ISC) which is registered with the SEBI for
providing in-house share registration and related services to the shareholders and investors.
ISC has effective systems and processes in place to ensure prompt redressal of investor
grievances, as follows:
(a) ISC has a Complaint Identification Policy for identification of investor complaints. ISC attends
to shareholder / investor complaints within three working days, except where constrained by
disputes or legal impediments.
(b) The Head of ISC is responsible for redressal of investor grievances.
(c) The Company has a specific e-mail ID earmarked for receiving investor complaints which is
isc@itc.in.
(d) The Investor Charter of the Company and the details of investor complaints received by the
Company are available on its website at
https://itcportal.com/investors/investor-charter.html and https://itcportal.com/content/dam/itc-
corporate/investors/investor-complaint.pdf, respectively.
(e) A Board Level Committee viz., the Securityholders Relationship Committee has been mandated
to oversee redressal of investor grievances.
(f) Details of investor complaints received by the Company are filed on a quarterly basis with the
Stock Exchanges where the Company s shares are listed, and also with the SEBI on a half-
yearly basis.
Employees and
workers
The Company, through its Grievance Redressal Policy, seeks to address employee concerns
and complaints pertaining to human rights and labour practices. A Grievance Redressal
Procedure with appropriate systems and mechanisms is available across ITC Units. The
implementation is ensured by Divisional/SBU Chief Executives, through members of the
respective Management Committees of the Businesses.
Customers
Robust systems have been put in place across ITC Businesses to continuously engage with
consumers for gathering feedback and address their concerns, if any, in a timely manner.
A dedicated customer interactions team is in place to address any product related query/
complaint. Several communication channels like email, telephone number and feedback
forms are provided to the consumers. In addition, the Company has an online reputation
management team which interacts with consumers via social media channels and responds
to their queries in real time. A Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform has been
implemented for capturing customer complaints, queries, feedback and suggestions received
across channels. The CRM platform also provides consumer insights for bringing about
process related changes, and system enhancements for improving the CSAT scores.
Customer can reach out to ITC via following email in ITC Portal:
o webmaster@itc.in
o Contactus@itc.in
o itccares@itc.in
Customers can also raise their grievances via Brand-specific websites.
Value Chain
Partners
As per the Company s Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers, they are expected to
bring to the notice of the manager concerned at ITC, any actual or suspected breach of the Code.
Suppliers and Service Providers are encouraged to report any known or suspected improper
behaviour of ITC employees. Such reports are treated in a confidential manner.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
26. Overview of the entity s material responsible business conduct issues
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and
social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to
adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format
Material
Issue
Identified
Indicate
Whether Risk
Or Opportunity
(R/O)
Rationale For
Identifying The Risk
/ Opportunity
In Case Of Risk, Approach To
Adapt Or Mitigate
Financial Implications Of
The Risk Or Opportunity
(Indicate Positive Or
Negative Implications)
1.
Climate
Change &
Sustainability
Risk
Climate and nature
related physical and
transition risks may
impact business
operations,
sourcing, supply
chain and increase
compliance costs.
Risk Mitigation Strategy
Physical Risk Management
Use contemporary climate
risk modelling tools for
identifying high-risk /
vulnerable sites and
agri value chains, and
undertaking detailed
assessments for developing
locally contextual
adaptation plans and
measures for improving
climate resilience.
Map risks arising out
of climate crisis, build
adaptive capacity and invest
in mitigative measures to
strengthen resilience.
Promote climate smart
agriculture, and development
of heat / drought tolerant
and high yielding varieties
to improve productivity by
adopting micro region-
specific agronomic practices.
- Developing region-specific
package of practices and
promoting climate smart
farming techniques to
mitigate impact of weather;
- Enhancing climate resilience
of farmers through capacity
building programmes by
leveraging ITCMAARS and
the Farmers Producer
Organisation (FPO)
ecosystem, supported by
field demonstrations under
Choupal Pradarshan Khets;
- Comprehensive programmes
on social forestry, soil and
moisture conservation and
biodiversity conservation;
- Adoption of water
stewardship approach to
achieve water security for
all stakeholders within the
defined catchment areas of
Units located in high water
stress areas;
Potential Impact
As average temperatures
rise, extreme weather
events are expected to
grow in terms of severity
and frequency. These
could have significant
impact on the Company s
operations including
the health and safety
of its workforce, its
physical assets and agri
value chains leading
to complete or partial
outage of operations.
Further, these events may
also adversely impact the
availability and quality
of agri raw materials
and consequently, the
production and sales of
the Company s products.
Vagaries of weather
caused by climate change
may impact crop cycles,
output and productivity
resulting in disruption
of operations / supply
chains.
Availability of water for
own operations as well
as agri value chains may
be adversely impacted
by erratic precipitation
patterns.
Changes in nature,
biodiversity and /or
ecosystem intactness (e.g.
soil erosion and depletion,
species diversity and
composition) may
adversely disrupt supply
chains and operations.
Besides physical risks,
transition risks associated
with climate change, may
impact the Company s
operations:
- Additional levies
may be imposed by
regulatory authorities
for emission / water
intensive industries to

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Material
Issue
Identified
Indicate
Whether Risk
Or Opportunity
(R/O)
Rationale For
Identifying The Risk
/ Opportunity
In Case Of Risk, Approach To
Adapt Or Mitigate
Financial Implications Of
The Risk Or Opportunity
(Indicate Positive Or
Negative Implications)
Conduct site-specific
assessments for
understanding the impacts
and dependencies on
biodiversity and ecosystem
services in order to develop
specific biodiversity
management plans in
vulnerable areas.
Supply chain diversification
and contingency planning
Transition Risk Management
Work towards achieving Net
Zero Operations by 2050 with
focused interventions towards
decarbonisation of Scope
1 and Scope 2 emissions.
Collaborate with value chain
partners to accelerate the
decarbonisation of Scope 3
emissions.
Continue to focus on energy
conservation, improving
energy efficiency and
enhancing the share of
renewables in ITC s total
energy requirement as part of
ITC s Sustainability 2.0 agenda.
Strengthen governance
mechanisms for reviewing
performance and progress
against Sustainability 2.0
targets by the Sustainability
Compliance Review
Committee (SCRC).
Adopt the Life-Cycle
Assessment (LCA) approach
to evaluate the potential
environmental impacts of
products during their entire
lifecycle; leverage the same
for designing sustainable
products.
address climate change,
resulting in higher cost of
compliance, and potential
regulatory penalties and
reputational risk in case
of non-compliance.
Product
and Plastic
Packaging
Risk
Difficulty in
complying with
current or future
regulation on
plastic packaging
and/or difficulty
in meeting
commitments on
packaging and the
environment.
Risk Mitigation Strategy
Pursue initiatives in
line with ITC s holistic
sustainable packaging
strategy that entails:
- No Plastics: Leveraging
synergies between
ITC Life Sciences and
Technology Centre, paper
and packaging business,
and FMCG Businesses for
developing solutions that
enable complete or partial
substitution of plastics with
Potential Impact
Non-compliance
with plastic waste
regulations, if any,
could lead to imposition
of environmental
compensation, that
may negatively impact
Company s reputation.
Additionally, stricter
government laws
around usage of plastics
including bans may

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Material
Issue
Identified
Indicate
Whether Risk
Or Opportunity
(R/O)
Rationale For
Identifying The Risk
/ Opportunity
In Case Of Risk, Approach To
Adapt Or Mitigate
Financial Implications Of
The Risk Or Opportunity
(Indicate Positive Or
Negative Implications)
sustainable alternatives,
and exploring paper as a
substrate for packaging,
where possible;
- Less Plastics: Progressive
reduction in plastic
packaging intensity over
time, and introducing
Post-Consumer Recycled
(PCR) content in plastic
packaging, wherever
permitted by regulations
and wherever possible;
- Better Plastics: Improving
recyclability of multi-
layer laminate packaging,
phasing out hard to recycle
plastics, and exploring
alternative packaging
materials with lower
environmental impact
including bio-based
compostable plastics.
Partner with upstream
players and suppliers for
supply of Post-Consumer
Recycled (PCR) plastic for
meeting regulatory / market
demand for increasing
recycled content in plastic
packaging.
Sustain plastic neutrality
through behavioural change
programmes to ensure
segregation of waste
at source, and creating
replicable, scalable and
sustainable models of plastic
waste management; work
with recycling partners for
developing viable recycling
options for Multi-Layered
Plastic (MLP) packaging.
Ensure a robust compliance
management system
supported by internal and
external process review;
additionally, undertake third-
party assurance of underlying
data related to plastic waste
generation and collection.
give rise to multiple
challenges such as
redesign of product
packaging, shelf life
and product distribution
related issues.
Disruptions in the supply
chain for recycled plastic
or plastic packaging
substitutes as required
by law, could impact
the Company s ability
to comply, produce and
distribute products.
Talent
Management
Risk
Inability to attract and
retain high quality
talent in a highly
competitive market.
Risk Mitigation Strategy
Strengthen and
communicate ITC s talent
proposition about Building
Winning Businesses.
Building Business Leaders.
Creating Value for India .
Potential Impact
Lack of requisite
quality of management
personnel could
adversely affect business
operations and long-
term growth prospects.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Material
Issue
Identified
Indicate
Whether Risk
Or Opportunity
(R/O)
Rationale For
Identifying
The Risk /
Opportunity
In Case Of Risk, Approach To
Adapt Or Mitigate
Financial Implications Of
The Risk Or Opportunity
(Indicate Positive Or
Negative Implications)
Provide meaningful and challenging
roles which enrich individual
capability and act as a powerful
incentive to stay, learn and grow;
Build a robust talent pipeline
across responsibility levels through
requisite quality in key roles, depth
of bench and reliable succession
plans.
Invest in capability building of
managers through access to
the best-in-class upskilling
programmes and development
Recognise and nurture specialism
so that employees who wish to
focus on niche, business critical
skills can continue to grow in their
area of expertise.
Benchmark compensation to
the relevant market periodically,
ensuring strong alignment
with short-term and long-term
performance, particularly at senior
levels and ring-fencing top talent.
Ensure the talent quotient in
the Company remains healthy
and vibrant through annual
segmentation supported
by differential rewards and
progression opportunities for
industry leading talent.
Energise and nurture pride in
membership through frequent
leadership outreach to managers.
Engage with the country s
premier academic institutions to
communicate the Company s talent
proposition through case-study
competitions, knowledge-sharing
programmes by senior managers
and the annual internship
programmes creating a compelling
proposition for the best candidates
to aspire for a career with the
Promote Diversity, Equity and
Inclusion through supportive polices
based on principles of equity.
Implement measures to ensure
sufficient representation of women
in selection pools and deployment
of the differently-abled across
suitable opportunities towards
meeting the diversity and inclusion
goals of the organisation.
Agile HR practices to provide
contemporary and relevant work
policies to employees such as
flexible work arrangements.
Talent attrition
beyond acceptable
levels may impact
ability to effectively
fulfil organisational
goals and customer
expectations.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
The National Guidelines for Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC) as brought out by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
advocates nine principles referred as P1-P9 as given below:
P1
Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent
and Accountable
P2
Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
P3
Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
P4
Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
P5
P6
Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
P7
Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is
responsible and transparent
P8
P9
Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Disclosure Questions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Policy and Management Processes
1. a. Whether your entity s
policy/policies cover each
principle and its core
elements of the NGRBCs.
(Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
ITC has a comprehensive set of Board-approved Policies that cover NGRBC principles (P1 to P9)
and the underlying core elements.
To achieve its Sustainability 2.0 vision, the Company continues to strengthen its management
approach which is guided by a comprehensive set of Sustainability Policies that are being
implemented across the organisation. The Company continues to strengthen the mechanisms
of engagement with key stakeholders, identification of material sustainability issues and
progressively monitoring and mitigating the impacts along the value chain of each Business. The
Company will continue to update these systems and processes in line with the evolving disclosure
standards and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) requirements.
The overall responsibility for ensuring the implementation of Sustainability Policies resides
with the Divisional / Strategic Business Unit (SBU) Chief Executives and the Heads of Corporate
Functions who work with their respective management teams. Various committees designated
with specific responsibilities have also been constituted for operationalising these Policies.
The Sustainability Compliance Review Committee comprising senior and other members of
management has the overall responsibility to monitor and evaluate compliance with these Policies.
The responsibility for implementation of ITC s CSR Policy rests with the Corporate Social
Investments Programme (SIP) Team.
b. Has the policy been approved
by the Board? (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
c. Web Link of the Policies, if
https://itcportal.com/about-itc/itc-policies.html
2. Whether the entity has
translated the policy into
procedures. (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
3. Do the enlisted policies
extend to your value chain
partners? (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Not
Applicable
Yes
Yes
4. Name of the national
and international codes/
certifications/labels/
standards (e.g. Forest
Stewardship Council,
Fairtrade, Rainforest
Alliance, Trustea)
standards (e.g. SA 8000,
OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted
by your entity and mapped
to each principle.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
-
Food Safety
Management System
(FSSC 22000/ISO
22000/HACCP),
Responsible Supply
Chain Certifications
like Rainforest
Alliance (RFA) and
Forest Stewardship
Council (FSC ),
Farm Sustainability
Assessment (FSA)
3.0 Certification,
Global G.A.P.
Certification,
Fairtrade
Certification
OHSAS 18001/
ISO 45001
Occupational
Health
and Safety
Management
Systems
ISAE
SA 8000: Social
Accountability,
Sustainable
Tobacco
RFA, FSC
ISO 50001,
ISO 14001
Environment
Management
System,
Alliance
for Water
Stewardship
(AWS), LEED
Certification
for Green
Buildings
NGRBC
-
ATNI
Framework,
FSSAI, BRCGS,
HACCP, Sedex,
NPOP, NOP,
Halal and
Kosher
Section B: Management and Process Disclosures

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
5. Specific commitments, goals
and targets set by the entity with
defined timelines, if any.
In line with its Sustainability 2.0 agenda, ITC has set short to medium
targets for key priority areas like climate change, water stewardship,
plastic waste and circular economy, sustainable agriculture, biodiversity
conservation and sustainable livelihoods. In line with the above, ITC s
Businesses have targets for Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) like specific
energy consumption, specific greenhouse gas emissions, specific water
intake and specific waste generation. To achieve these targets, all ITC Units
have established management systems which entail regular monitoring of
environmental KPIs, development of an environmental management plan,
and reviewing progress on a regular basis to ensure that Businesses are on
track with respect to the agreed roadmap.
6. Performance of the entity against
the specific commitments, goals
and targets along with reasons in
case the same are not met.
Governance, Leadership and Oversight
7. Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related
challenges, targets and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)
Please refer to Report of the Board of Directors & Management Discussion and Analysis section of ITC Report and
Accounts 2026.
8. Details of the highest authority
responsible for implementation
and oversight of the Business
Responsibility policy (ies).
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the CSR and Sustainability
Committee, has approved the Sustainability Policies of the Company. The
CSR and Sustainability Committee, chaired by the Chairman of the Company,
reviews and oversees implementation of these Sustainability Policies on an
annual basis. In addition, the CSR and Sustainability Committee and the
Board of Directors review the progress of implementation of the Company s
CSR Programmes on a half-yearly basis. The composition of the Committee
as on 31st March, 2026 is given below:
Name Of The
Director
Designation / Nature
Of Directorship
Din Of The
Director
1.
S. Puri (Chairman of
the Committee)
Chairman & Managing
Director
00280529
2.
A. Kant
Independent Director
00222708
3.
C. K. Mishra
Independent Director
02553126
4.
S. Mohanty
Non-Executive Director
08058830
5.
S. Mukherjee
Independent Director
03024803
6.
A. Pande
Non-Executive Director
10631871
7.
S. Panray
Non-Executive Director
09251023
8.
N. Rao
Independent Director
06954879
9.
A. Singh
Non-Executive Director
00060943
At the highest level, the Board of Directors of the Company has the primary role of
trusteeship to protect and enhance shareholder value through strategic supervision
of ITC. As trustees, the Board ensures that the Company has clear goals aligned to
shareholder value and its growth, and also in line with its Sustainability agenda.
The Corporate Management Committee (CMC) of the Company is the management
body responsible for compliance with the Sustainability Policies of the Company.
The CMC has constituted the Sustainability Compliance Review Committee (SCRC),
which monitors and evaluates compliance with these Policies and places a quarterly
report thereon for review by the CMC.
The Chief Executives of Divisions / Strategic Business Units (SBUs), through
members of the respective Management Committees, and Heads of Corporate
Functions are responsible for ensuring implementation of the Sustainability Policies
of the Company within their respective Division / SBU / Corporate Function and
communication of these Policies to the employees.
In addition, the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) of the Company is responsible for
scanning the external environment for evolving sustainability trends and regulations,
monitoring the progress on sustainability targets and facilitating the Businesses &
Corporate Functions in implementing the sustainability initiatives.
The CSO reports to the Group Head of Sustainability who is also a CMC Member
and the Chairman of the SCRC. The CSO provides progress reportbacks on the
Company s sustainability initiatives to the senior leadership of the Company.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
9. Does the entity have a
specified Committee
of the Board/ Director
responsible for
decision making on
sustainability related
issues? (Yes / No). If
yes, provide details.
Yes, as stated under (8) above, the CSR and Sustainability Committee of the Board reviews,
monitors and provides strategic direction to the Company s CSR and sustainability
practices towards fulfilling its Triple Bottom Line objectives. The Committee seeks
to guide the Company in crafting unique models to support creation of sustainable
livelihoods together with environmental re-generation.
The CSR and Sustainability Committee of the Board also reviews the Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report of the Company and recommends the same to
the Board for adoption, and approves the Sustainability Report of the Company.
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review
Indicate whether review was undertaken by
Director / Committee of the Board / Any other
Committee
Frequency
(Annually / Half yearly / Quarterly /
Any other - please specify)
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Performance against
above policies and follow
up action
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Compliance with
statutory requirements
of relevance to the
principles, and,
rectification of any
non-compliances
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
Any other
Committee
On a
The Company is in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
11. Has the entity carried
out independent
assessment/
evaluation of the
working of its policies
by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If
yes, provide name of
the agency.
ITC has a robust review mechanism supported by internal audit covering the
implementation of the Policies.
ITC has been obtaining independent third-party assurance for its Sustainability
Reports since 2004. The authenticity of the data and systems disclosed in the annual
Sustainability Report has been assured by an independent third-party assurance
provider; the assurance has been provided as per the International Standard for
Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 at the Reasonable Assurance level.
ITC has computed its Green House Gas (GHG) inventory, including GHG emissions,
biogenic emissions and GHG removals, in accordance with ISO 14064:2018; the GHG
inventory has been verified by an independent third-party assurance provider.
In addition to the above, relevant third-party assessments and certifications are
conducted across Business Units periodically.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent
and Accountable
Essential Indicator
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year
Segment
Total Number
Of Training And
Awareness
Programmes Held
Topics / Principles Covered Under
The Training And Its Impact
%Age Of Persons In
Respective Category
Covered By The
Awareness Programmes
Board of
Directors
Key Managerial
Personnel
(other than
Directors)
The Directors and KMP are briefed on the
sustainability initiatives of the Company from time
to time. The Directors and KMP are also updated
on changes / developments in the domestic /
global corporate and industry scenario including
those pertaining to statutes / legislation &
economic environment and on matters affecting
the Company, to enable them to take well
informed and timely decisions.
During the financial year 2025-26, the Directors
and KMP of the Company were, inter alia, briefed
/ updated on the following:
(a) Overview of the Company s businesses,
ITC s globally acknowledged Sustainability
Initiatives and Digital Interventions provided
to newly appointed Directors.
(b) Sustainability Initiatives of the Company,
including the Company s Sustainability 2.0
vision and priority areas.
(c) Overview of the global & Indian macro-
economic scenario and rise in economic &
market uncertainty.
(d) Talent Management including remuneration
strategy.
(e) Periodic review of the Company s businesses.
In addition, plant visit to the Integrated Consumer
Goods Manufacturing Facility at Pudukkottai,
Tamil Nadu, was organised for the Directors and
KMP of the Company.
Further, the Directors of the Company attended a
Strategy Session , spread over two days, where
the global & Indian macro-economic environment,
the ITC Next strategy of building a future-ready
portfolio and the Company s digital initiatives,
amongst others, were discussed / reviewed.
100%
Employees
other than BoD
and KMPs
11*
Health and Safety,** ITC Code of Conduct,
Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment at
the workplace, and Wellness programmes
100%
Workers
11*
Health and Safety,** ITC Code of Conduct,
Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment at
the workplace, and Wellness programmes
100%
Note: For definitions, please refer to the note below table 20a (Under Section A).
*11 Types of training programmes conducted, wherein all Employees/Workers were covered under at least one of the topics.
**Detailed training programmes on various health and safety sub-elements were also conducted.
Principle
Section C: Principle-wise Performance Disclosure

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the
entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year, in
the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity s website):
Monetary*
NGRBC
Principle
Name Of The Regulatory/
Enforcement Agencies/
Judicial Institutions
Amount
(In INR)
Brief Of
The Case
Has An Appeal
Been Preferred?
(Yes/No)
Penalty/Fine
Nil
Settlement
Compounding Fee
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,
provide a web-link to the policy.
The Company s Code of Conduct covers aspects relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery. In terms of the said Code,
the Company believes in conducting its business in a transparent manner and does not indulge in bribery or corruption.
The ITC Code of Conduct can be accessed on the Company s corporate website at
https://itcportal.com/about-itc/code-of-conduct.html
Further, in terms of the Company s Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers, all Suppliers and Service
Providers of the Company are required:
(a) to avoid any actual or potential conflicts of interest in their business dealings with the Company that could create a
perception of unfairness or lead to uncompetitive favours;
(b) to disclose any such situation of conflict of interest, including involvement or interest of any employee of the Company
or his / her immediate family members in their business;
(c) not to indulge in any form of bribery or corruption that is intended to induce or reward improper conduct or influence
any decision; and
(d) endeavour to have a policy pertaining to anti-corruption and anti-bribery.
The said ITC s Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers can be accessed on the Company s corporate website.
Non-Monetary*
NGRBC
Principle
Name Of The Regulatory/
Enforcement Agencies/
Judicial Institutions
Brief Of
The Case
Has An Appeal
Been Preferred?
(Yes/No)
Imprisonment
Nil
Punishment
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary
or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details
Name of the Regulatory/Enforcement Agencies/Judicial Institutions
Not Applicable
*The above disclosure has been made in accordance with the Company s Policy for determination of materiality of events and
information for disclosure to the Stock Exchanges, and in line with the disclosures made to the Stock Exchanges.
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law
enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/corruption:
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Directors
Nil
Nil
KMPs
Nil
Nil
Employees
Nil
Nil
Workers
Nil
Nil

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
Not Applicable
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the
following format:
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Number of days of accounts payables
41.62
37.44
9. Open-ness of business
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties
along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format.
Parameter
Metrics
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Concentration
of Purchases
a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases
0.31%
0.67%
b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made from
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total
purchases from trading houses
88.35%
91.59%
Concentration
of Sales
a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales
81.16%
79.60%
b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made
9,512
8,412
c. Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales
to dealers / distributors
8.80%
7.64%
Share of
RPTs in
a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total
Purchases)
3.80%
2.85%
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales)
2.84%
2.66%
c. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related
parties / Total loans & advances)
-
d. Investments (Investments in related parties / Total
Investments made)
19.59%
19.99%
Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total Number
Of Awareness
Programmes Held
Topics / Principles Covered Under The Training
%Age Of Value Chain Partners Covered (By
Value Of Business Done With Such Partners)
Under The Awareness Programmes
4 instructor led
training sessions
Online e-learning
module for
suppliers
Environmental compliance, fair business
practices, corporate governance and ethics,
occupational health and safety, fair labour
practices and human rights
26% (by spend value)*. Additionally, in last
3 years, more than 1,000 Tier-1 suppliers
including 100% Critical Tier-1 suppliers
have been trained as part of ITC s
Sustainable Supply Chain initiative.
~31,700 training
programmes for
farmers
Regenerative, sustainable and climate-resilient
farm practices
Human rights, farm safety
Government schemes
Access to finance
More than 278,000 farmers were trained
in FY 2025- 26 across ITC s procurement
catchments under various capacity
building, field advisory and outreach
programmes.
*Spend value is estimated based on FY 2024-25 procurement spend data from domestic suppliers.
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Number
Remarks
Number
Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to
issues of conflict of interest of the Directors
Nil
Nil
Number of complaints received in relation to
issues of conflict of interest of the KMPs

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board?
(Yes/No) If Yes, provide details of the same.
Yes, the ITC Code of Conduct requires the Directors, Senior Management and employees to avoid situations in which
their personal interests could conflict with the interests of the Company. The Code, inter alia, clarifies that conflict of
interest may arise when (a) an employee or a family member (family member includes spouse, children, siblings and
parents) has a material interest in an entity that has a business relationship with the Company or is being evaluated
for a commercial transaction, or (b) an employee is in a position to benefit someone with whom he / she has a close
relationship, in relation to the Company s business. However, this is an area in which IT is impossible to provide
comprehensive guidance but the guiding principle is that conflict, if any, or any potential conflict must be disclosed to
higher management for guidance and action as appropriate.
Further, the Directors of the Company are required to disclose to the Board whether they, directly or indirectly or on
behalf of third-parties, have material interest in any transaction or matter directly affecting the Company. In addition,
an annual confirmation is sought from the Directors in this connection. For the financial year 2025-26, all Directors of
the Company have confirmed that they did not, either directly or indirectly or on behalf of third-parties, have material
interest in any transaction or matter, directly affecting the Company.
Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity,
respectively.
Details of investment in specific technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of product and processes
( Specific R&D and Specific Capex ) are as follows:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Details Of Improvements In
Environmental And Social Impacts
Specific R&D to total R&D
19.2%
18.6%
For more details, refer to Report
of the Board of Directors &
Management Discussion and
Analysis section forming part of
ITC s Report and Accounts 2026.
Specific Capex to total Capex
16.8%
28.7%
a) R&D
ITC s state-of-the-art Life Sciences and Technology Centre (ITC LSTC) in Bengaluru serves as the cornerstone of
science-led product innovation, enabling the development and strengthening of ITC s portfolio of world-class products
and brands. The Centre has completed five decades of industrial research and development (R&D), underscoring its
legacy of scientific excellence. ITC LSTC hosts a research community of over 400 highly qualified scientists with diverse
expertise and skill sets, collectively bringing over 4,000 years of cumulative R&D and innovation experience, working
collaboratively on future-ready scientific platforms. The R&D programmes are strategically structured to create
impactful business outcomes, ensure exceptional product experiences for Indian consumers at affordable price points,
and offer a wide range of choices through a portfolio of products that meet global quality standards. Sustainability is
integrated as a key guiding principle from the inception stage of new product development and process innovation.
b) Capex investments
Specific Capex include investments in the areas of renewable energy, green buildings, energy efficient equipment,
pollution control equipment, water management and treatment system (including rain water harvesting) etc.
2.a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing?
Yes, there are procedures in place for sustainable sourcing. ITC has a Board approved Policy on Sustainable Supply
Chain and Responsible Sourcing and a Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers . The Code reflects ITC s
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
commitment to environmental conservation, business integrity and human rights. All suppliers are encouraged to fully
comply with the Code. Additionally, ITC Businesses, including Agri, FMCG and Paper Businesses, depend on farm and
forestry-based supply chains for key raw materials. Accordingly, focus of ITC s interventions in agri value chains has
been largely around improving farmer livelihoods, increasing agricultural productivity, strengthening regional water
security, and addressing the challenge of climate change and enhancing resilience. ITC s key agri value chains are
also certified as per global standards and third-party certifications like Rainforest Alliance (RFA), Forest Stewardship
Council , Fairtrade, Global G.A.P., Grown for Good (G4G), Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA) 3.0, Organic (NPOP/
NOP), among others. These certifications specify environmental and social standards for agricultural practices, and
help ensure sustainability, traceability and transparency.
b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
ITC procures ~51%* of its key crops through sustainable sourcing practices covering pulpwood, wheat, maize and
tobacco. These commodities account for nearly 97% of ITC s total volume of agri commodities procured. Pulpwood is
100% FSC certified and all tobacco is sourced from farms involved in the Sustainable Tobacco Programme and ITC s
sustainable agriculture initiatives. About 20% of wheat procurement is sourced sustainably through FPO-supported
farms using ITCMAARS which supports climate resilient and regenerative practices and certified sourcing. Additionally,
12% of maize is procured sustainably from FPOs trained via ITCMAARS platform.
*Based on FY 2024-25 procurement data.
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of
life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
Description Of Processes
Plastics
(including
packaging)
In FY 2025-26, the Company sustainably managed ~72,500 tonnes of plastic waste in line with its
extended producer responsibility under Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 (as amended).
Nearly 99% of the solid waste generated in ITC's operations including plastic waste is sent for
recycling.
E-waste
Not Applicable
Hazardous
Not Applicable
Other waste
All ITC Units have established systems and procedures to ensure that waste is disposed through
authorised agencies in line with applicable regulations.
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity s activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether
the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution
Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
Yes, ITC is in compliance with the requirements of Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) under the Plastic Waste
Management Rules, 2016 (as amended).
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing
industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
To support its sustainability strategy, ITC conducts Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) to evaluate and identify the environmental
impact of its products and services. LCA studies have covered major segments like Paperboards, Personal Care,
Educational & Stationery, Matches & Agarbatti, and Branded Packaged Foods. Additionally, ITC s packaging teams
use a specialised LCA tool to assess various packaging options for FMCG products, supporting sustainable packaging
development.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Details of LCAs done in the last few years is given below:
Nic Code
Name Of Product /
Service
% Of Total
Turnover
Contributed
Boundary For
Which The Life
Cycle Perspective/
Assessment Was
Conducted
Whether
Conducted By
Independent
External Agency
(Yes/No)
Results
Communicated
In Public Domain
(Yes/No) If Yes,
Provide The
Web-Link
476101
Classmate Notebook
-
Cradle-to-Grave
Yes
No
202301
Savlon Powder
Handwash
-
Cradle-to-Grave
Yes
No
202301
Savlon Liquid
Handwash
-
Cradle-to-Grave
Yes
No
202303
Nimyle Floor Cleaner
-
Cradle-to-Gate
Yes
No
170103
CFKE Paperboard
-
Cradle-to-Gate
Yes
No
202303
Mangaldeep Sandal
Agarbatti
-
Cradle-to-Grave
Yes
No
106102
Aashirvaad Whole
Wheat Atta
-
Cradle-to-Grave
No
No
103003
B. Natural Mango
-
Cradle-to-Grave
No
No
476103
Octane Pen
-
Cradle-to-Grave
No
No
170103
Recycled Paperboard
-
Cradle-to-Gate
No
No
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of
your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means,
briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
No significant social or environmental risks were identified from the LCA studies carried out.
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
During FY 2025-26, the Kovai Unit of ITC s Paperboards & Specialty Papers Business sourced ~ 93,000 tonnes of waste
paper from external sources, which constituted ~70% of Unit s total input materials. Additionally, ITC continues to
integrate recycled plastic content in packaging across its leading brands.
Indicate Input
Material
Recycled Or Re-Used Input Material To Total Material
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Waste Paper
used in Kovai Mill
Recycled paper used:
~93,000 tonnes
Recycled paper used:
~85,000 tonnes
Use of Recycled
Plastic Content
Recycled Plastic content used in packaging:
~2,300 tonnes
Recycled plastic content used in packaging:
~300 tonnes

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled,
and safely disposed, as per the following format:
In FY 2025-26, the Company sustainably managed ~72,500 tonnes of plastic waste in line with its extended producer
responsibility under Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 (as amended).
FY 2025-26* (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25* (Previous Financial Year)
Re-used
Recycled
Safely Disposed
Re-used
Recycled
Safely Disposed
Plastics (including
packaging)
-
~31,200
~41,300
-
~26,600
~37,900
E-waste
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Hazardous waste
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Other waste
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA: Not Applicable
* The Company has aligned its plastic neutrality commitment with achievement of 100% collection targets in line with its
extended producer responsibility (EPR) under Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016.
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Indicate Product Category
Reclaimed Products And Their Packaging Materials As % Of
Total Products Sold In Respective Category
Plastic Packaging
100%
As ITC s products are consumables, data presented above pertains to plastic packaging which is managed in line with
Company s extended producer responsibility under Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016.
Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category
% Of Employees Covered By
Total
(A)
Health Insurance
Accident
Insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity
Benefits*
Day Care
Facilities
Number
(B)
%
(B/A)
Number
(C)
%
(C/A)
Number
(D)
%
(D/A)
Number
(E)
%
(E/A)
Number
(F)
%
(F/A)
Permanent Employees
Male
9,362
100%
9,362
100%
NA
NA
9,362
100%
-
Female
2,080
100%
2,080
100%
2,080
100%
NA
NA
2,080
100%
Total
11,442
100%
11,442
100%
2,080
100%
9,362
100%
2,080
100%
Other Than Permanent Employees
Male
67%
66%
NA
NA
NA
NA
-
Female
58%
51%
100%
NA
NA
100%
Total
64%
61%
100%
NA
NA
100%
*The Company offers paternity leave to all eligible male employees in managerial cadre.
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:

Category

% Of Workers Covered By
Total
(A)
Health
Insurance
Accident
Insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity
Benefits
Day Care
Facilities
Number
(B)
%
(B/A)
Number
(C)
%
(C/A)
Number
(D)
%
(D/A)
Number
(E)
%
(E/A)
Number
(F)
%
(F/A)
Permanent Workers
Male
10,368
100%
10,368
100%
NA
NA
NA
NA
-
Female
100%
NA
NA
100%
Total
11,051
100%
11,051
100%
NA
NA
100%
Other than Permanent Workers
Male
21,203
100%
21,203
100%
NA
NA
NA
NA
-
Female
4,305
100%
4,305
100%
4,305
100%
NA
NA
4,305
100%
Total
25,508
100%
25,508
100%
4,305
100%
NA
NA
4,305
100%
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format-
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Cost incurred* on well-being measures as a
% of total revenue of the company
0.2%
*Following costs are considered: Health and Accident insurance, maternity and paternity benefits, day care facility costs, and other
staff welfare expenses. Accordingly, the previous year s number has been restated to ensure comparability.
Reporting for permanent employees and workers of the Company. The other than permanent employees and workers include
those deployed through third-party contractors and their wages including well-being measures are provided by the third-party
contractors.
2. Details of Retirement Benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
No. Of
Employees
Covered As
A % Of Total
Employees
No. Of
Workers
Covered As
A % Of Total
Workers
Deducted And
Deposited
With The
Authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. Of
Employees
Covered As
A % Of Total
Employees
No. Of
Workers
Covered As
A % Of Total
Workers
Deducted And
Deposited With The
Authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF
100%
Y
100%
Y
Gratuity
100%
Y
100%
Y
ESI
2%
17%
Y
2%
17%
Y
Others,
please
specify
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
All eligible employees and workers are covered under ESI

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
3. Accessibility of workplaces
Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently-abled employees and workers, as per the requirements
of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in
this regard.
ITC s establishments are accessible to the differently abled, and we are continuously working towards improving
infrastructure for eliminating barriers to accessibility.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so,
provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes, the Company has a Policy on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion which clearly articulates its emphasis on Equal Opportunity.
The said Policy clearly states ITC s commitment towards providing equal opportunity. IT also emphasizes the Company s
Zero Tolerance Policy on discrimination, inter alia, on the grounds of disability. The aforesaid Policy can be accessed at
https://itcportal.com/content/dam/itc-corporate/pdfs/policy/policy-on-diversity-equity-and-inclusion.pdf
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Permanent Employees
Permanent Workers
Gender
Return To Work Rate
Retention Rate
Return To Work Rate
Retention Rate
Male
100%
86%
NA
NA
Female
98%
84%
97%
88%
Total
100%
86%
97%
88%
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and
worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent
Workers
Yes, ITC s Grievance Redressal Procedure is available to employees and workers. The objective of the
policy is to facilitate open and structured discussion on employees work-related grievances with the
intent of ensuring that the grievance is dealt with in a fair and just manner whilst being in compliance
with the Company s policies. ITC s open-door practices encourage amicable and fair resolution of
grievances. Employees are encouraged to first discuss the grievance with their immediate reporting
authority, and attempt to arrive at a resolution before invoking a formal grievance redressal mechanism.
In Unionised Units, grievances of workers are also taken up for discussion by Union Office Bearers and
resolved through dialogue with human resources managers and other designated managers. Units
also have Committees with joint representation of workers and managers, which address grievances
raised by one or more workers. In addition, many Units have forums where workers interact with the
Unit leadership team in small groups and share any suggestions or grievances they may have, for
resolution.
Other than
Permanent
Workers
The Whistleblower Policy of the Company encourages all employees to bring to the Company s attention,
instances of illegal or unethical conduct, actual or suspected incidents of fraud, actions that affect
the financial integrity of the Company, or actual or suspected instances of leak of unpublished price
sensitive information that could adversely impact the Company s operations, business performance
and/or reputation. In terms of the said Policy, the Company investigates such incidents, when
reported, in an impartial manner and takes appropriate action to ensure that the requisite standards
of professional and ethical conduct are always upheld. This Policy can be accessed on the Company s
corporate website at
https://itcportal.com/about-itc/itc-policies/whistleblower-policy.html
Permanent
Employees
Same as stated for Permanent Workers.
Other than
Permanent
Employees
Same as stated for Other than Permanent Workers.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
7. Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total
Employees/
Workers In
Respective
Category (A)
No. Of Employees/
Workers In Respective
Category, Who Are Part
Of Association(s) Or
Union (B)
%
(B/A)
Total Employees/
Workers In
Respective
Category (C)
No. Of Employees/
Workers In Respective
Category, Who Are Part
Of Association(s) Or
Union (D)
%
(D/C)
Total
Permanent
Employees
11,442
0%
11,166
0%
- Male
9,362
0%
9,234
0%
- Female
2,080
0%
1,932
0%
Total
Permanent
Workers
11,051
9,460
86%
10,875
9,348
86%
- Male
10,368
9,350
90%
10,197
9,250
91%
- Female
16%*
14%*
ITC s Freedom of Association Policy is applicable to 100% of its employees and workers.
The Policy on Freedom of Association is available on ITC Portal:
https://itcportal.com/content/dam/itc-corporate/pdfs/policy/policy-on-freedom-of-association.pdf
*A vast majority of women workers are based in manufacturing Units which currently do not have union representation.
These are Units that were commissioned in the recent past. ITC believes that all employees are important stakeholders in the
enterprise, and IT is imperative to build a culture of mutual trust and respect, interdependence, and meaningful engagement.
This approach helps in building, strengthening and sustaining harmonious employee relations across the organisation.
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A)
On Health And
Safety Measures
On Skill
Upgradation
Total (D)
On Health And
Safety Measures
On Skill
Upgradation
(B)
%
(B/A)
(C)
%
(C/A)
(E)
%
(E/D)
(F)
%
(F/D)
Employees
Male
9,362
6,541
70%
5,941
63%
9,234
3,703
40%
6,870
74%
Female
2,080
1,198
58%
1,061
51%
1,932
33%
1,467
76%
Total
11,442
7,739
68%
7,002
61%
11,166
4,333
39%
8,337
75%
Workers
Male
10,368
8,279
80%
4,363
42%
10,197
6,015
59%
4,893
48%
Female
90%
55%
94%
42%
Total
11,051
8,894
80%
4,736
43%
10,875
6,651
61%
5,179
48%
Note: The above includes formal Induction training upon joining and refresher trainings (Once in 3 years). Other forms of
EHS trainings on the job, like safety briefings, tool box talks, drills etc. which would have covered most of the employees and
workers have not been included.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
9. Details of Performance and Career Development Reviews of Employees and Workers.
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Current Financial Year
Previous Financial Year
Total (A)
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No. (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Male
9,362
100%
9,234
100%
Female
2,080
100%
1,932
100%
Total
11,442
100%
11,166
100%
Workers
Male
10,368
8,214
79%
10,197
7,863
77%
Female
98%
Total
11,051
8,882
80%
10,875
8,528
78%
a. Whether
occupational
health
safety
management system has been implemented by the
entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, the coverage of such system?
Yes, ITC has implemented occupational health and safety
management system in all its Factories, Offices and
Warehouses. ITC endeavours that Environment, Health
& Safety (EHS) standards at all its Units are ahead of
applicable legislation and regulations, Standards and
Codes, and are benchmarked against international
best practices across sectors in which IT operates. ITC s
approach to occupational health & safety standards is
articulated in the Board-approved Environment, Health
and Safety Policy. IT is based on an EHS management
system that emphasises on enhancing EHS performance
by setting objectives and targets and continually monitoring
key performance indicators.
Further, the Company promotes a culture of safety
through behaviour change programmes and by providing
appropriate training to employees as well as workers
engaged through third-party contractors, while continually
investing in state-of-the-art technology and in developing
human capital.
EHS requirements are integrated at the design stage for all
new investments. Compliance with EHS standards during
the construction phase as well as in operation phase of ITC
Units, Warehouses and Offices is ensured by implementing
EHS management systems with designated roles and
responsibilities for competent resources.
b. What are the processes used to identify work-related
hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine
basis by the entity?
ITC has identified the EHS Risk Management framework
as one of the integral steps towards building a robust
safety management system in all its factories, offices and
warehouses. This framework entails a set of processes for
continual risk identification, assessment and mitigation,
with active participation of the workforce in each of its
facilities. Shop floor processes in this regard include hazard
spotting tours, suggestion schemes, daily briefings and
periodic EHS Committee meetings in which employees/
workers participate. In addition, all ITC Units undergo
periodic Environment, Health & Safety audits at the
Business as well as Corporate level which endeavours to
identify additional latent risks besides verifying compliance
with standards. Several national awards and certifications
acknowledge ITC s commitment and efforts towards
providing a safe and healthy workplace to all.
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the
work-related hazards and to remove themselves from
such risks. (Y/N)
Yes. A system is in place across ITC Factories and Offices
for workers to spot and report work-related hazards and
offer suggestions for improvements. This is further enabled
through digitisation, enhancing worker participation.
Necessary training is given to all employees/ workers
in recognising hazards and issues. Joint inspections by
management representatives and employees/ workers
on the shop floor are also carried out at regular intervals,
and respective corrective and preventive measures are
undertaken to mitigate the identified risks. In order to
create an open and transparent safety culture across ITC
Units, employees/ workers are encouraged to participate
and discuss safety related issues in forums like periodic
EHS Committee meetings and Departmental Open Forums.
d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access
to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?
(Yes/No)
Yes, permanent employees and their family members have
access to the Company provided or Company supported
medical benefits. Workers have access to medical benefits
through Company provided group insurance policies (where
applicable), Company funded medical support (where
applicable) and statutory benefits under the Employees
State Insurance (where applicable).

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number ^
Category*
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)
(per one million-person hours worked)
Employees
0.02
0.04
Workers
0.06
0.16
Total recordable work-related injuries
Employees
Workers
No. of fatalities
Employees
Workers
High consequence work-related injury or
ill-health (excluding fatalities)
Employees
Workers
*Including injuries in contract workforce
^On-site accidents (On-site refers to place of work i.e., factory, office etc. which are under direct operational control of ITC.)
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
In line with the Company s Environment, Health and Safety Policy, safety as a value-led concept has been institutionalised
by inculcating a sense of ownership at all levels and driving behavioural change, leading to the creation of a cohesive safety
culture. ITC has put in place comprehensive health and safety protocols for the safety and well-being of its stakeholders.
ITC endeavours that EHS standards at all its Units are ahead of applicable legislations, regulations, and Standards and
Codes, and are benchmarked against international best practices across the diverse sectors in which IT operates.
ITC continues to strengthen its safety processes, adopting globally recognised best practices, and ensuring that facilities
are designed, constructed, operated and maintained in an inherently safe manner. ITC continuously undertakes efforts
for creating a safe working environment and a strong safety culture by:
Integrating safety at the design stage itself and ensuring IT through design reviews, stage inspections and pre-
commissioning audits, thereby strengthening the engineering control measures through design for safety principles.
Conducting pre-commissioning and periodic operational audits during construction and operational stages respectively.
Implementing behaviour-based safety initiatives to facilitate engagement for collaborative work on improving safety
performances.
Adoption of keystone behaviours by individual Units to demonstrate collective commitment and create a shared vision
of safety and discipline.
Embracing and leveraging the digital landscape for safety management system.
Identifying solutions for strengthening the safety culture aligned with the goal of Zero Accidents .
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers.
Employees are encouraged to report work area related safety issues through various programmes like hazard
identification processes, suggestion schemes and EHS Committees.
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Filed During
The Year
Pending
Resolution At
The End Of Year
Remarks
Filed During
The Year
Pending
Resolution At
The End Of Year
Remarks
Working Conditions
-
Health & Safety
-
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by
entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices
100%
Working Conditions
100%

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on
significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
Internal audits of ITC Units at Divisional as well as corporate level are being conducted on a periodic basis. Corrective
and preventive measures are taken based on the findings. Detailed investigations are carried out for all accidents
to identify the root causes and to understand the measures required to prevent recurrence. Accident investigation
findings with corrective and preventive measures form part of the report presented to the Corporate Management
Committee (monthly) and the Board of Directors (quarterly). The learnings from all accidents are disseminated across
the organisation at periodic intervals and a formal compliance obtained.
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees
(Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N).
Yes. In the unfortunate event of the death of an employee/worker, the Company extends financial support to family
members of the employee/worker.
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited
by the value chain partners.
The Company endeavours to ensure that statutory dues as payable by contractors for their employees are deposited on
time and in full through periodic audits and controls.
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health
/ fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment.
Total No.
Of Affected
Employees/ Workers
No. Of Employees/Workers That Are
Rehabilitated And Placed In Suitable
Employment Or Whose Family Members Have
Been Placed In Suitable Employment*
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Employees
Workers
*On-site Accidents
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programmes to facilitate continued employability and the
management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
ITC continually invests in human capital development which includes building skills and capabilities that are contemporary
while providing employees with a diversity of experiences. These enhance the employability of the workforce and
enable a smooth transition to alternate opportunities where sought. The Company has in place a programme called
Making New Choices for retiring staff. In addition, the Company provides pension benefits and post-retiral medical
benefits for those members of staff who qualify. Workers are provided with pension benefits, as per requirements of
the relevant statute.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
ITC s Policy on Sustainable Supply Chain and Responsible Sourcing ensures integration of sustainability in its supply
chains. ITC s suppliers /value chain partners are expected to adopt the principles enumerated in ITC s Code of Conduct
for Suppliers and Service Providers. ITC reserves the right to verify compliance with the Code of Conduct for Suppliers
and Service Providers at any time through appropriate audit and assessment mechanisms, including self-certification.
Health and safety audits conducted at ITC s own manufacturing sites cover all contract workers within ITC s operational
premises. Additionally, ITC conducts third-party desktop assessment of its Critical Tier- 1* suppliers which includes
key aspects on Occupational Health and Safety, amongst other assessment criteria.
*All ITC Businesses have identified Critical Tier-1 suppliers based on aspects like buy value, ESG risk exposure and importance
to business continuity, among others. ITC s Sustainable Supply Chain Programme is focussed on working closely with the set
of identified critical suppliers.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
In line with the Board approved Policy on Stakeholder Engagement, ITC has evolved a structured framework for
identifying and engaging with its key stakeholders across the value chain. ITC s engagement approach is anchored on
the principles of materiality, completeness and responsiveness.
ITC s stakeholder engagement approach is based on the following four key pillars
Identify: Identification of key stakeholders who are directly/indirectly impacted by business activities as well as
directly/ indirectly influence business activities.
Engage: Consultation with key stakeholders with due weightage given to each stakeholder based on the nature of
engagement with the organisation.
Prioritise: Identification and prioritisation of concerns and needs.
Address: Addressing the prioritised concerns and needs in a consistent and transparent manner.
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each
stakeholder group.
Stakeholder Group
Whether
Identified As
Vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group
(Yes/No)
Channels Of Communication
(Email, SMS, Newspaper,
Pamphlets, Advertisement,
Community Meetings,
Notice Board, Website),
Other
Frequency Of
Engagement
(Annually/Half
Yearly/Quarterly/
Others - Please
Specify)
Purpose And Scope
Of Engagement
Including Key Topics
And Concerns
Raised During Such
Engagement
Providers of financial
capital
No
Details of consultation mechanisms and key issues discussed with the
stakeholder groups have been disclosed annually in the Strengthening
Relationships with All Stakeholders section of ITC s Sustainability Report.
Government and
regulatory authorities
No
Customers
No
Employees
No
Farmers
Yes
Value chain partners
No
Media
No
Civil Society
No
Local communities
Yes
% Of Value Chain Partners* (By Value Of Business Done With Such Partners) That Were Assessed
Health and safety practices
13% (by spend value)#
Additionally, in last 3 years, more than 95% Critical Tier-1
suppliers have been assessed as part of ITC s Sustainable
Supply Chain initiative.
Working Conditions
# Spend value is estimated based on FY 2024-25 procurement spend data from domestic suppliers.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
ITC conducts periodic audit of its critical value chain partners and corrective/preventive measures are recommended
based on the audit findings. Some of the corrective actions include imparting EHS trainings and introducing health
check-ups for employees of key value chain partners.
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between
stakeholders
Board
economic,
environmental, and social topics or if consultation is
delegated, how is feedback from such consultations
provided to the Board.
ITC believes that an effective stakeholder engagement
process is necessary for achieving its sustainability goal
of inclusive growth. In this context, the Company has laid
down a four layered mechanism to deal with the aspect
of stakeholder engagement.
The Board, through the CSR and Sustainability Committee,
inter alia, reviews, monitors and provides strategic
direction to the Company s CSR and sustainability
practices towards fulfilling its Triple Bottom Line
objectives. Half-yearly reports on the progress made by
the Company in this regard are placed by the CMC before
the CSR and Sustainability Committee. The CMC in turn
has constituted the Sustainability Compliance Review
Committee, comprising senior and other members of
management, to evaluate and monitor compliance with
the Policies formulated in this connection. The SCRC
places a quarterly report on the subject before the CMC.
The Company has a practice of periodically assessing
employee engagement through a Company-wide survey. Since
2016, the Company has made concerted efforts to assess and
improve engagement. The impact is visible in the consistent
improvement of engagement scores over the years.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support
the identification and management of environmental,
and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details
of instances as to how the inputs received from
stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into
policies and activities of the entity.
Yes, the Company believes that an effective stakeholder
engagement process is necessary for achieving its
sustainability goal of inclusive growth. Accordingly,
the Company anchors stakeholder engagement on the
following principles:
a) Materiality - Prioritised consideration of the
economic, environmental and social impacts identified
to be important to the stakeholders as well as the
organisation.
b) Completeness - Understanding key concerns of
stakeholders and their expectations.
c) Responsiveness - Responding coherently and
transparently to such issues and concerns. The
Company has put in place systems and procedures to
identify, prioritise and address the needs and concerns
of its stakeholders across Businesses and Units in
a continuous, consistent and systematic manner. IT
has implemented mechanisms to facilitate effective
dialogues with all stakeholders across Businesses,
identify material concerns and their resolution in an
equitable and transparent manner. These measures
have helped the Company develop strong relationships,
which have stood the test of time. Select examples of
how stakeholder inputs have been incorporated into
ITC s policies and activities are presented below:
a) Investors: The Company engages extensively with
the investor ecosystem i.e., analysts representing
institutional equity investors, fund/portfolio managers
in top FIIs, Domestic Mutual Funds (MFs), Foreign
Portfolio Investors (FPIs), Private Insurance Companies
etc. The Company sustained the intensity of interaction
with analysts/fund managers of FPIs, Domestic MFs,
Insurance cos. etc. during the year leveraging both
physical and virtual meeting platforms. The Company
also engaged with investors with specific focus on ESG,
and investor presentations on other major events such
as acquisitions by the Company are made available in
the public domain, through the websites of the Company
and the Stock Exchanges. The Company continues to
communicate quarterly performance takeaways through
press releases and detailed Investor presentations
along with providing clarifications to analysts and others
on such financial results. Key highlights of quarterly
performance are also shared with the shareholders by
e-mail. The Investor Relations section of the Company s
website is also updated on an ongoing basis.
b) Customers & Value Chain Partners: Customers,
Consumers and Value Chain Partners are some of ITC s
core stakeholders. Various tech-enabled avenues have
been deployed to consistently receive feedback, ideas
and concerns, and to respond in a timely and effective
manner.
The team continues to place customer centricity at
the core, while equitably addressing the expectations
and experiences of all key stakeholders. Standard
Operating Procedures (SOPs) and policies are designed
and implemented through a balanced stakeholder
lens, resulting in improved customer and employee
experiences and strengthened accountability across the
organisation.
Rapidly evolving consumer needs are continuously
monitored through social listening, in depth immersions,
and structured feedback mechanisms. The insights
generated are synthesised and translated into actionable
improvements across products, services, processes, and
policies.
c) Community: Presented ahead are some of the
instances where inputs received from stakeholders were
incorporated into interventions.
The
Social
Investments
team
undertakes
comprehensive Core Area Perspective Plan (CAPP)
every five years across ITC s catchments to understand
community needs and design contextually relevant
interventions. The CAPP process uses a combination

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
of Participatory Rural Appraisal (PRA), Focus Group
Discussions (conducted separately with men, women,
and vulnerable groups), key informant interviews, and
household surveys to identify and prioritise intervention
areas. CAPP 1.0 was first conducted in FY 2015-16,
followed by CAPP 2.0 in FY 2021-22, covering 21 factories
and 7 agri locations.
Beyond the five-yearly CAPP, annual sample household
surveys are conducted to reaffirm the continued
relevance of identified needs and to factor in any
operational refinements required for future plans. In FY
2025-26, over 9,000 households across multiple States
were surveyed using a statistically validated sampling
methodology. A mixed-method approach was adopted,
with quantitative data collected through structured
household questionnaires and qualitative insights
gathered through PRAs and FGDs involving Gram
Panchayat members, community participants, women,
and marginalised groups.
Forming large-scale, long-term partnerships with
Government to amplify reach and scale is a core
tenet
SIP s
implementation
approach.
These
partnerships help ensure effective last-mile delivery
of Government programmes while incorporating
community perspectives emerging from consultations
and interactions. During the year, new public-private
partnerships
(PPPs)
initiated,
drawing
learnings from earlier partnership phases and insights
into evolving contexts identified through extensive
stakeholder consultations.
One such example is the Phase II expansion of ITC s
partnership with the Directorate of Women and Child
Development, Government of Assam, which builds on
Phase I interventions across eight districts (including
seven Aspirational Districts) focused on strengthening
Maternal, Child Health and Nutrition (MCHN). Phase
II extends coverage to 11 districts and integrates
early childhood stimulation and education, including
responsive caregiving, play-based learning at Anganwadi
Centres, caregiver counselling, and capacity building of
frontline resources.
Another example is the expansion of the ITC Swaasth
Kiran Mobile Medical Unit initiative in Kamrup Rural
district of Assam, addressing access gaps in primary
healthcare for geographically dispersed and remote
communities as highlighted by the local administration
and shared by the community. The outreach-based
programme brings healthcare services closer to
households,
reduces
out-of-pocket
expenditure,
supports early detection and management of illnesses,
and complements the public health system by improving
coverage, equity, and responsiveness.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and
actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalized stakeholder groups.
ITC s Social Investments Programme (SIP) adopts a bottom-
up approach to respond to evolving community needs by
strengthening and scaling existing programmes, piloting
and refining new solutions, and leveraging partnerships
to amplify impact. This adaptive approach enables SIP to
modify ongoing interventions or introduce new ones based
on grounded feedback and contextual shifts.
In India, rising prices and uncertain availability of
chemical fertilisers such as urea, DAP and potash have
increased cost pressures and planning risks for farmers,
particularly during peak sowing periods. Farmers
articulated the need for solutions that could reduce
fertiliser intensity without compromising productivity.
In response, ITC partnered with the Indian Council of
Agricultural Research - National Bureau of Agricultural
Inputs and Microbial Resources (ICAR-NBAIM) to pilot a
bio inoculum-based nutrient optimisation solution. These
science-based microbial formulations enhance nutrient
availability, improve soil biological activity and increase
nutrient use efficiency, while complementing existing
fertiliser practices to enable easy adoption. Following
prototype testing, the pilot was implemented across
13,089 acres (15,789 cumulatively) in six states, covering
multiple crops and agro-climatic regions. Farmers
integrated bio inoculum alongside recommended
fertiliser doses and achieved a reduction in chemical
fertiliser use and input costs, with no adverse impact on
crop productivity. These outcomes strengthened farmer
confidence in biological inputs, and ITC plans to scale up
the approach to support more sustainable and resilient
agriculture systems.
High dropout rates among girls at the secondary level
continue to pose a major challenge, driven by domestic
responsibilities, early marriage and financial constraints.
To address this, and in alignment with NEP goals, ITC
initiated an education intervention for Secondary and
Higher Secondary grades in FY 2023-24 across Munger
(Bihar), Pudukkottai (Tamil Nadu) and Kolkata (West
Bengal). In Munger, Project Pragati addresses high
adolescent NEET levels and low secondary school
transitions by enabling out-of-school girls from low-
income households to complete Class 10 through the
Bihar Board of Open Schooling and Examination. Of
the 286 girls who appeared for the examinations, 119
(including 55 married girls) cleared them in the first
attempt.
In Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, despite relatively high
urban female literacy (69.12%), women s workforce
participation is low at 7.52%, particularly in the male-
dominated woodcraft sector. Addressing this gap, SIP has
designed a women-centric urban livelihoods programme
focused on entrepreneurship and resilience. Through
a structured two-year laddered pathway - Akankshi,
Lakhpati, Udhyami and Pragatisheel - the programme
supports 1,227 women, with over 700 already emerging
as Lakhpati Didis, supported by training, mentorship and
market linkages, including digital.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Essential Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in
the following format:
Category
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A)
No. Of
Employees/
Workers
Covered (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No. Of
Employees/
Workers
Covered (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent
11,442
100%
11,166
100%
Other than permanent
100%
Total Employees
12,078
100%
11,691
100%
Workers
Permanent
11,051
100%
10,875
100%
Other than permanent
25,508
100%
24,792
100%
Total Workers
36,559
100%
35,667
100%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total
(A)
Equal to
Minimum Wage
More Than
Minimum Wage
Total
(D)
Equal to
Minimum Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
(B)
%
(B/A)
(C)
%
(C/A)
(E)
%
(E/D)
(F)
%
(F/D)
Employees
Permanent
11,442
0%
11,442
100%
11,166
0%
11,166
100%
Male
9,362
0%
9,362
100%
9,234
0%
9,234
100%
Female
2,080
0%
2,080
100%
1,932
0%
1,932
100%
Other than
Permanent
0%
100%
0%
100%
Male
0%
100%
0%
100%
Female
0%
100%
0%
100%
Workers
Permanent
11,051
3%
10,746
97%
10,875
3%
10,580
97%
Male
10,368
1%
10,277
99%
10,197
1%
10,136
99%
Female
31%
69%
35%
65%
Other than
Permanent
25,508
8,527
33%
16,981
67%
24,792
9,014
36%
15,778
64%
Male
21,203
5,951
28%
15,252
72%
20,690
6,477
31%
14,213
69%
Female
4,305
2,576
60%
1,729
40%
4,102
2,537
62%
1,565
38%
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages
a. Median remuneration / wages:
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Gross wages paid to females as %
of total wages paid
11%
10%
Note: Pertains to permanent employees and workers of the Company.
Total wages represent the aggregate wages disbursed to all permanent employees and workers during the reporting period,
including individuals employed for only part of the year.
Male
Female
Number
Median
Remuneration/
Salary/Wages Of
Respective Category
(In INR)
Number
Median
Remuneration/
Salary/Wages Of
Respective Category
(In INR)
Board of Directors (BoD)
1,18,15,000
1,16,69,863
Key Managerial Personnel*
10,53,61,421
-
Employees other than BoD
and KMP
9,357
11,35,490
2,080
9,46,718
Workers
10,368
5,30,593
2,25,424#
Note: Data reported for permanent employees and workers as on the last date of the reporting period.
*Comprising Chairman & Managing Director, Wholetime Directors and Company Secretary
#The majority of female workers are employed in new manufacturing Units. Since a significant majority of these recruits are
new entrants, the median remuneration appears lower.
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No).
ITC has a long-standing commitment to human rights and IT is reflected in its Code of Conduct. The Company has
policies on human rights which are applicable to its employees, suppliers and service providers. The Company
continues to work towards strengthening and introducing systems to ensure sound implementation of ITC s policies
on human rights and decent workplace. All ITC contracts for construction of factories and property upgrades
incorporate the environment, health, safety and human rights clauses, including workplace environment.
Human Rights related policies of the Company are available on the ITC Portal. These include ITC Code of
Conduct, Policy on Freedom of Association, Policy on Prohibition of Child Labour and Prevention of Forced
Labour at the Workplace, and Policy on Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. The implementation of these Policies is
ensured by Divisional/SBU Chief Executives, through members of the respective Management Committees of the
respective Businesses.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
ITC s open-door practices encourage amicable resolution of grievances. Employees are encouraged to first discuss the
grievance with their immediate reporting authority and attempt to arrive at a resolution. If grievances persist, employees
can fill up the Grievance Redressal Form and submit to the HR Manager concerned. The process of registering a grievance
is by filling up a grievance form and submitting IT to the HR Manager concerned which is then evaluated and analysed
and a resolution is arrived and communicated to the employee. The grievance redressal guidelines and necessary forms
are available on the Company intranet where employees can access the same directly. The ITC Whistleblower Policy (the
Policy) encourages Directors and employees of the Company to promptly bring to the Company s attention, instances
of illegal or unethical conduct, actual or suspected incidents of fraud, actions that affect the financial integrity of the
Company, or actual or suspected instances of leak of unpublished price sensitive information, that could adversely impact
the Company s operations, business performance and/or reputation. The Company investigates such reported incidents
in an impartial manner and takes appropriate action to ensure that the requisite standards of professional and ethical
conduct are always upheld. The Policy is available at https://itcportal.com/about-itc/itc-policies/whistleblower-policy.html

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 (Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Filed
During
The Year
Pending
Resolution At
The End Of Year
Remarks
Filed
During
The Year
Pending
Resolution At
The End Of Year
Remarks
Sexual Harassment
-
Discrimination at
workplace
-
Child Labour
-
Forced Labour/
Involuntary Labour
-
Wages
-
Other Human
Rights Related Issues
-
Note: ITC has a zero-tolerance approach to any behaviour that constitutes sexual harassment. There are Internal Complaints Committees
to examine and investigate any complaints.
For further details, refer to Principle 5, Essential Indicator - Question 7
7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current
Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous
Financial Year)
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers
0.07%
0.08%
Complaints on POSH upheld
Note: Pertains to permanent and other than permanent employees and workers of the Company.
The approach has been revised to include both permanent and other than permanent employees and workers of the Company.
Accordingly, the previous year s figures have been restated. This revision does not affect the number of cases reported for the
prior year.
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
ITC is committed to a workplace free from harassment, including sexual harassment at the workplace, and has zero
tolerance for such unacceptable conduct. ITC encourages reporting of any harassment concerns and is responsive to
complaints about harassment or other unwelcome or offensive conduct. As part of the Policy, the complainant will
not suffer any harassment, retaliation or adverse employment condition upon this reporting. All employees are made
aware of this Policy through regular training and awareness on the subject and confidentiality clauses are clearly
stated. Committees have been constituted across locations to enquire into complaints of sexual harassment and to
recommend appropriate action, wherever required.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes, contract manufacturing agreements provide for compliance with accepted standards on issues related to EHS,
human rights and labour practices. Additionally, ITC has a Code of Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers . This
Code requires that Suppliers and Service Providers and their facilities comply with applicable laws, environmental
regulations, respect human rights including minimum wages, occupational health and safety, as required by applicable
laws and meet the requirements of this Code. ITC also expects that Suppliers and Service Providers will hold their
business associates to the same standards as contained in this Code.
10. Assessments for the year:
% Of Your Plants And Offices That Were Assessed
(By Entity Or Statutory Authorities Or Third Parties)
Child labour
100%
Forced/involuntary labour
100%
Sexual Harassment
100%
Discrimination at workplace
100%
Wages
100%
Others-please specify
-

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 10 above.
Please refer response to Question 1 of Principle 5 under leadership indicators.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.
ITC s Code of Conduct for its employees as well as Suppliers and Service Providers, are adopted by the Board. The Code
covers ITC s commitment to human rights aspects like self-respect and human dignity, child labour, gender friendly
workplace, relationships with suppliers and customers, health & safety, environment, transparency, anti-bribery and
corruption, and exemplary personal conduct. ITC constantly engages with the rightsholders and stakeholders across
the supply chain for devising programmes that support Human Rights and Social Development in an integrated manner.
ITC facilitates structured human rights due diligence with an independent party across its leaf tobacco supply chain
to identify, assess and address potential and actual impacts on farmers, workers and communities. This process is
supported by field level monitoring, stakeholder engagement, timely corrective actions, and targeted interventions on
human rights awareness, farm safety and responsible agricultural practices. Digital systems and structured monitoring
mechanisms further strengthen traceability, transparency and governance of human and labour rights compliance
across the value chain. As part of this framework, ITC works with farmers to implement internationally recognised
sustainability standards, including the Sustainable Tobacco Programme (STP 2.0) and compliance with the Agricultural
Labour Practices (ALP) Code. Sustainable Tobacco Programme 2.0 is an industry initiative to enhance agricultural
supply chain due diligence and accelerate positive impacts on environmental, social and governance elements. The
programme focuses on 8 themes demanding leaf suppliers commitment on - Water, Human Rights, Crop, Soil, Climate
Change, Natural Habitats, Livelihoods and Governance.
Based on the outcomes of human rights assessments and ongoing monitoring, key process enhancements undertaken
during the year include:
Training and Awareness on Human Rights: Human rights, farm safety and responsible agricultural practices were
strengthened through field level engagement across tobacco procurement villages, covering subjects such as Farm
Safety, Child Labour, Wages, Fair Treatment, Freedom of Association, Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH), No
Discrimination and other areas pertaining to Human Rights.
Farm Safety: ITC undertakes a holistic approach that address the farm safety challenges in farming. During the year,
personal protective equipment was provided to 24,382 farmers and secured crop protection agent (CPA) storage
boxes to 5,442 farmers. Safe collection and disposal of empty CPA containers was facilitated across approximately
16,000 farmers. Drone based spraying was further scaled up to over 42,500 acres, reducing human exposure,
besides increasing the efficacy of operation and supporting improved farm safety outcomes.
Digitalisation of Human Rights Compliance: In FY 2025-26, ITC introduced a Digital End to End Human Rights
Compliance Tracking System (DECTS) for its Non Flue Cured Virginia (NFCV) tobacco value chain. The system
replaced fragmented manual and digital processes and enables real time monitoring, digital tagging and risk based
governance of human and labour rights and farm safety parameters across the farm to factory continuum. Integrated
with ITCMAARS, SAP and UMANG platforms, DECTS supports dashboards, alerts and traceability controls to ensure
that only fully compliant tobacco proceeds for processing, covering over 28,000 farmers.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.
The scope and coverage of Human Rights Due Diligence extends to own operations (including manufacturing locations
and offices) and key value chain partners.
3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
ITC s establishments are accessible to the differently abled, and we are continuously working towards improving
infrastructure for eliminating barriers to accessibility.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
ITC s Policy on Sustainable Supply Chain and Responsible Sourcing ensures integration of sustainability in its supply
chains. ITC s suppliers /value-chain partners are expected to adopt the principles enumerated in ITC s Code of Conduct
for Suppliers and Service Providers. ITC reserves the right to verify compliance with the Code of Conduct for Suppliers
and Service Providers at any time through appropriate audit and assessment mechanisms, including self-certification.
ITC periodically coordinates third-party Human Rights impact assessment for the tobacco farm supply chain.
Additionally, ITC conducts third-party desktop assessment of its Critical Tier- 1* suppliers which includes key aspects
on Human Rights, Labour Rights and Occupational Health and Safety, amongst other assessment criteria.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
For more details, refer to response Question 1 (Principle 5) under leadership indicators.
% Of Value Chain Partners*
(By Value Of Business Done With Such Partners) That Were Assessed
Sexual Harassment
13% (by spend value)#
Additionally, in last 3 years, more than 95% Critical Tier-1
suppliers have been assessed as part of ITC s Sustainable Supply
Chain initiative.
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others - please specify
*All ITC Businesses have identified Critical Tier-1 suppliers based on aspects like buy value, ESG risk exposure and importance
to business continuity, among others. ITC s Sustainable Supply Chain Programme is focussed on working closely with the set
of identified critical suppliers.
#Spend value is estimated based on FY 2024-25 procurement spend data from domestic suppliers.
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 4 above.
Third-party assessments are undertaken for key suppliers, with findings used to identify nonconformities and
improvement areas. Suppliers scoring below a pre-defined threshold are required to implement corrective and
preventive action plans, supported by ITC. Follow up assessments are conducted to ensure effective closure and
compliance. Some of the key corrective actions recommended are institutionalising policies on human rights and
strengthening implementation of POSH Act.
Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter
(All quantities in TJ except where specified)
FY 2025-26
(Current
Financial
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous
Financial
Year)
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A)
Total fuel consumption (B)
11,182
12,383
Energy consumption through other sources (C)
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)
12,334#
13,434
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D)
Total fuel consumption (E)
10,930
11,600
Energy consumption through other sources (F)
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F)
11,691
12,357
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
24,025
25,791
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations)
(in Giga Joules/Crore INR)
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
(in GJ/Million USD)
Energy intensity in terms of physical output - PSPD*
(in GJ/tonne of production for PSPD)
21.0
23.0
Energy intensity in terms of physical output - FBD*
(in GJ/tonne of production for FBD)
2.9
ITC s energy consumption data has been independently assured by a third-party assurance provider at a reasonable assurance level.
*Since ITC is a conglomerate with multiple Businesses, data for energy intensity in terms of physical output (tonnes of
production) is reported for PSPD and FBD which together account for nearly 94% of ITC s total energy consumption.
#Share of renewable energy continues to remain more than 50% of total energy (51%). There is a marginal reduction in
FY 2025-26 on account of planned maintenance shutdown of green boiler at PSPD Bhadrachalam.
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance,
Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the
PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
Three Units of ITC s Paperboards and Speciality Papers Business are covered under the PAT scheme.
ITC has made significant investments in reducing energy consumption and accordingly, the performance of the Company s
Units covered far exceeds the energy efficiency targets fixed under the PAT scheme. The Bhadrachalam Unit is the first pulp
and paper mill to be rated GreenCo Platinum+ by CII, as part of Green Company rating system.
Note: Details of the energy efficiency initiatives implemented during the year are included in Disclosure on Conservation of
Energy and Technology Absorption section of the Report of the Board of Directors & Management Discussion and Analysis
in ITC Report and Accounts 2026
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2025-26
Current
Financial
Year
FY 2024-25
Previous
Financial
Year
Water withdrawal by source (in million kilolitres)
(i) Surface water
25.2
26.3
(ii) Groundwater
4.1
(iii) Third party water
0.8
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in million kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)
30.1
31.2
Total volume of water consumption
(in million kilolitres) (Total water withdrawal - total water discharged)
11.0
10.5
Water intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations)
(in kilolitres/Crore INR)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
(in kilolitres/Million USD)
Water intensity in terms of physical output - PSPD*
(in kilolitres/tonne of production for PSPD)
7.6#
7.4
Water intensity in terms of physical output - FBD*
(in kilolitres/tonne of production for FBD)
0.6
ITC s water withdrawal and water consumption data has been independently assured by a third-party assurance provider at
a reasonable assurance level.
*Since ITC is a conglomerate with multiple Businesses, data for water intensity in terms of physical output (tonnes of
production) is reported for PSPD and FBD which together account for over 95% of ITC s total water withdrawal.
#During the year, significant measures were taken by PSPD to reduce water intake which included recycling of wastewater.
This also led to reduction in overall water discharge. Water consumption is computed as difference between water intake
and water discharge and due to significant reduction in overall water discharge, there is a marginal increase in water
consumption and water intensity.
Over the years, ITC has created rainwater harvesting potential through extensive investments in its Integrated Watershed

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Development Projects. The programme promotes the development and management of local water resources in water-
stressed areas by facilitating community participation in planning and implementing such measures, whilst building, reviving
and maintaining water-harvesting structures. As on 31st March 2026, ITC s watershed development projects covering over
1.98 million acres leading to a total rainwater harvesting potential (RWH) of 66.31 million kl (cumulative), which is six times
the net water consumed by ITC s operations.
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment
(in million kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
9.8
10.9
No treatment
Secondary
Secondary
(ii) To Groundwater
No treatment
NA
NA
NA
NA
(iii) To Seawater
No treatment
NA
NA
NA
NA
(iv) Sent to third-parties
9.4
9.7
No treatment
Tertiary
Tertiary
Total water discharged (in million kilolitres)
19.2
20.6
ITC s data for total water discharged has been independently assured by a third-party assurance provider at a reasonable assurance level.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and
implementation.
ITC s approach to water stewardship focuses on reducing water intake by utilising treated wastewater within the
process, thereby reducing demand for fresh water. ITC Units have put in place necessary systems to comply with the
Consent to Operate (CTO) conditions including Zero Liquid Discharge, where applicable. 26 Units of ITC have achieved
zero effluent discharge.
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter
Please Specify Unit
FY 2025-26
(Current
Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous
Financial Year)
NOx
Tonnes
2,006
2,064
SOx
Tonnes
1,700
2,287
Particulate matter (PM)
Tonnes
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
NA
NA
NA
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)
NA
NA
NA
Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAP)*
Tonnes
6.9
7.8
Separately, as part of its Sustainability Report, covering ITC Limited on a standalone basis, as well as its subsidiaries, associates,
and third-party manufacturers, ITC obtains reasonable assurance from an independent third-party assurance provider on GRI 305-7
(Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions).
*The data is for PSPD Bhadrachalam Unit s Hydrogen Sulphide emissions (H2S)

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
ITC s PSPD has large-scale Farm Forestry programmes promoting sustainable forest management with primary aim of
securing pulpwood requirement for Business continuity. ITC also has a large-scale Social Forestry programme, which,
in addition to sequestering carbon, also benefits the stakeholders by improving productivity of wasteland, and de-risking
poor rural households by diversifying farm portfolios through promotion of tree-based farming. During FY 2025-26, the
Farm and Social forestry programmes have together sequestered ~7.6 million tonnes of CO2.
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details.
As part of its 2030 Sustainability 2.0 ambitions, ITC is working towards reducing its Specific GHG Emissions by 50%
(Reduction in Scope 1 & 2 emission). Additionally, the Company has also committed to Net Zero Operations by 2050.
Accordingly, actions are being undertaken to reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions by investing in energy efficiency and
increasing share of renewable energy.
Energy efficiency
All ITC Units focus on energy efficiency through process improvements and investment in new technologies. Over the
years, ITC has implemented measures like installation of Vapour Absorption Machines (VAM), Automation in tube cleaning
system of Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC), installation of variable frequency drive for pumps, blowers etc.
and installation of energy efficient equipment such as chillers, AHUs, motors, fans, pumps, and agitators. In FY 2025-26,
the investments in energy conservation equipment have resulted in energy savings of over 50 TJ, which is equivalent to
nearly 6,000 tonnes of GHG emissions in the year.
In line with ITC s focus on accelerating digitalisation across Businesses, PSPD is implementing several transformative
projects leveraging Industry 4.0 technologies across key business areas, to enhance productivity, reduce carbon footprint,
achieve strategic cost efficiencies and superior product performance.
Some of the major projects undertaken by PSPD as part of its Digital Transformation Programme include process
debottlenecking and throughput improvement for productivity and Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE), process
capability improvement leading to reduction in defects and resource optimisation.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity.
Parameter
Please Specify Unit
FY 2025-26
(Current
Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous
Financial Year)
Total Scope 1 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs,
SF6, NF3, if available)
kilo tonnes of CO2
1,045
1,101
Total Scope 2 emissions^
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs,
SF6, NF3, if available)
kilo tonnes of CO2
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity per
rupee of turnover
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations)
equivalent/ Crore
INR
14.6
16.9
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee
of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations adjusted for PPP)
equivalent/Million
USD
29.8
34.9
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms
of physical output - PSPD*
equivalent/tonne of
production
1.01
1.06
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms
of physical output - FBD*
equivalent/tonne of
production
0.16
0.18
ITC s GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) data has been independently assured by a third-party assurance provider at a
reasonable assurance level.
^ Scope 2 emissions are market based, while location-based scope 2 emissions are 170 Kilotonnes of CO2 equivalent
*Since ITC is a conglomerate with multiple Businesses, data for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of physical
output (tonnes of production) is reported for PSPD and FBD which together account for more than 90% of ITC s total Scope 1
and Scope 2 emissions.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Renewable energy
ITC has invested in renewable energy projects, for both renewable electricity and renewable thermal requirements.
Investments of biomass boilers were also undertaken in Foods and Cigarette Businesses. In addition to this, ITC has
installed and commissioned 177 MW of solar and wind power capacity across the country to meet its electrical energy
requirements. During the year, ITC has been able to maintain its renewable energy share of over 50%.
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format
Total waste generated is mentioned in rows (A) to (H)
Parameter (in kilo tonnes)
FY 2025-26
(Current
Financial
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous
Financial
Year)
Plastic waste (A)*
12.6
-
E-waste (B)
0.08
Bio-medical waste (C)
0.02
Construction and demolition waste (D)
6.4
6.1
Battery waste (E)
0.25
0.23
Radioactive waste (F)
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G)
24.3
22.5
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by
composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (in MT/Crore INR)
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations)
8.8
9.7
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(in MT/million US$)
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
18.0
20.1
Waste intensity in terms of physical output - PSPD&
(in tonnes of waste generated/tonne of production)
0.62
0.63
Waste intensity in terms of physical output - FBD&
(in tonnes of waste generated/tonne of production)
0.09
0.08
Total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
(i) Recycled
(ii) Re-used**
NA
NA
(iii) Other recovery operations
NA
NA
Total
Total waste disposed by nature of disposal method
(i) Incineration
6.7
1.2
(ii) Landfilling
1.5
1.6
(iii) Other disposal operations
NA
NA
Total
8.2
2.8
ITC s waste related data has been independently assured by a third-party assurance provider at a reasonable assurance level.
*Till FY 2024-25, Plastic waste was reported under Non-hazardous waste. From FY 2025-26 onwards, plastic waste generated in
factories due to operations is being reported in the plastic waste field.
**Waste re-used is reported under waste recycled
&Since ITC is a conglomerate with multiple Businesses, data for waste intensity in terms of physical output (tonnes of production) is
reported for PSPD and FBD which together account for over 90% of ITC s total waste generation.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in
the current financial year.
Name And
Brief Details Of
Project
Eia Notification No.
Date
Whether
Conducted
By
Independent
External
Agency
(Yes/No)
Results
Commu
nicated
In Public
Domain
Relevant
Web Link
8(a) Building /
Construction
Environmental
Clearance for
Expansion in
Factory Building
on Plot No.
B-27, MIDC,
Ranjangaon,
Pune, Tal
-Shirur, District -
Pune, 412220 by
M/s. ITC Limited-
India Tobacco
Division
1. EC Identification No.
EC25C3806MH5540772N
2. File No. SIA/MH/
INFRA2/552102/2025
1. 08/01/2026
2. 24/09/2025
Yes
Yes
https://parivesh.nic.
in/newupgrade/#/
trackYourProposal/
proposal-details?pr
oposalId=SIA%2FMH
%2FINFRA2%2F5521
02%2F2025&propos
al=136538053
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act
and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
ITC s existing operations/offices comply with applicable environmental regulations of the Country, and operate as per
CTO conditions from the Central and State Pollution Control Boards.
10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted
by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices
adopted to manage such waste.
The Company has initiated measures across Units to ensure waste minimisation, segregation of waste at source and
recycling. During the year, the recycling level reached 99%. In addition, nearly 93,000 tonnes of externally sourced post-
consumer waste paper was used as raw material during the year.
ITC follows a proactive approach to manage hazardous chemicals by actively looking for alternatives, which not only helps
keep its operations safe, but also ensures safest products for customers. This approach is demonstrated in pioneering
practices implemented by ITC like Elemental Chlorine Free (ECF) bleaching, and ozone bleaching technology in its
Paper Business, and switching from solvent-based inks to water-based ones in its Packaging and Printing Business.
11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where
environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
Location Of
Operations/Offices
Type Of Operations
Whether The Conditions Of
Environmental Approval / Clearance
Are Being Complied With? (Y/N)
If No, The Reasons Thereof And
Corrective Action Taken, If Any
1.
Bhadrachalam
Paperboards
Manufacturing
Yes
The Plant is located at a distance of 3.47 Km from the boundary of Kinnerasani Wildlife Sanctuary Eco-Sensitive Zone
and ~8 Km from the core zone of the Kinnerasani Wildlife Sanctuary.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres).
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
Facilities/plants in areas of water stress are identified using Central Ground Water Board s (India) groundwater
block classification and WRI Aqueduct s Baseline Water Stress.
Name of the area: Bengaluru, Chennai, Chirala, Haridwar, Howrah, Kapurthala, Kolar, Kovai, Medak,
Ranjangaon and Saharanpur
(ii) Nature of operations: Manufacture of FMCG products and Paperboards, Specialty Papers and Packaging
products and Processing of agri commodities
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format
Parameter
FY 2025-26
(Current
Financial
Year)
FY 2024-25*
(Previous
Financial
Year)
Water withdrawal by source (in million kilolitres)
(i) Surface water
0.97
0.83
(ii) Groundwater
0.54
0.53
(iii) Third party water
0.44
0.45
(iv) Seawater/desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in million kilolitres)
1.9
1.8
Total volume of water consumption (in million kilolitres)
(Total water withdrawal - Total water discharged)
1.9
1.8
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed/turnover)
(in kilolitre/crore INR)
Water intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
-
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in million kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface water
0.01
No treatment
Secondary
Secondary
(ii) Into Groundwater
No treatment
NA
NA
NA
NA
(iii) Into Seawater
No treatment
NA
NA
NA
NA
(iv) Sent to third-parties
0.05
0.02
No treatment
Tertiary
Tertiary
Total water discharged (in million kilolitres)
0.06
0.03
Separately, as part of its Sustainability Report, covering ITC Limited on a standalone basis, as well as its subsidiaries, associates,
and third-party manufacturers, ITC obtains reasonable assurance from an independent third-party assurance provider on GRI
303-3 (Water withdrawal), GRI 303-4 (Water Discharge), and GRI 303-5 (Water Consumption).
*During the year, ITC reassessed the Units located in water-stressed areas based on the latest data from the Central Ground
Water Board (CGWB) and World Resources Institute (WRI). As part of this reassessment, certain new sites have been included
and one site has been excluded. Accordingly, the FY 2024-25 figures have also been restated to enable like-to-like comparison.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas
reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above,
provide details of significant direct & indirect impact
of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with
prevention and remediation activities.
ITC s Bhadrachalam Unit has necessary systems and
processes to manage and mitigate any, environmental
impact related to air, water, waste, noise, soil and
dust pollution. For sustainable sourcing of wood, the
social and farm forestry programme was started for
promoting sustainable forests management practices
in the value chain. Apart from sequestering carbon,
this programme provides significant environmental
benefits such as improving productivity of wasteland
and has greened ~1.5 million acres till date. For
conserving biodiversity, the business in collaboration
with Telangana Forest Department has created a
Sarapaka Biodiversity Conservation and Development
plot in ~440 hectares of Kistasagar Reserve Forest for
regreening and regenerating the natural ecosystem
including flora and fauna.
ITC s Bhadrachalam Unit is the first pulp & paper plant
in the country to be rated GreenCo Platinum+ by CII.
The Unit has also achieved platinum-level certification
as per Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Standard.
These recognitions highlight the facility s commitment
environmental
conservation
performance on various green parameters, including
energy efficiency, renewable energy, water and waste
management.
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives
or used innovative technology or solutions to improve
resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions
/ effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide
details of the same as well as outcome of such
initiatives.
The Company has undertaken a number of initiatives,
and also deployed innovative technologies across
its operations for improving resource efficiency and
minimising environmental impact. For details, refer to
Disclosure on Conservation of Energy and Technology
Absorption and Sustainability 2.0 forming part of
the Report of the Board of Directors & Management
Discussion and Analysis in ITC Report and Accounts
2026.
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and
disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/
web link.
Yes, all Businesses within ITC have Business Continuity
Plans (BCPs). The BCPs have been drawn up to
encompass all operational aspects and undergo testing
at scheduled intervals. The plans and the test outcomes
are reviewed by the Management Committee of the
respective Businesses.
6. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the
environment, arising from the value chain of the entity.
What mitigation or adaptation measures have been
taken by the entity in this regard?
ITC has a Board-approved Policy on Sustainable
Supply Chain and Responsible Sourcing and a Code of
Conduct for Suppliers and Service Providers . The Code
is shared and accepted by supply chain partners and
service providers. ITC has a robust process of evaluating
its Suppliers and Service Providers before engaging
with them, proactively making them aware of its
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter
Unit
FY 2025-26*
Current
Financial
Year
FY 2024-25
Previous
Financial
Year
Total Scope 3 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs,
PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Kilo tonnes of CO2
1,442
1,062
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover
Tonnes of CO2
equivalent/crore INR
17.7
14.3
Separately, as part of its Sustainability Report, covering ITC Limited on a standalone basis, as well as its subsidiaries,
associates, and third-party manufacturers, ITC obtains limited assurance from an independent third-party assurance provider
on GRI 305-3 (Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions).
*ITC has been working on enhancing Scope 3 emission coverage and improving the accuracy of emission factor. In FY 2025-26,
boundary of logistics has been expanded to include entire downstream logistics managed by ITC. In addition, logistics emissions
have been aligned to Global Logistics Emissions Council (GLEC) framework. For FY 2024-25, road and air transportation
emission factors were taken from the India GHG Programme, shipping emission factor from the Department of Business,
Energy & Industrial Strategy, UK and rail emission factor shared by Indian Railways.
The increase in reported logistics emissions in FY 2025-26 is primarily attributable to boundary expansion (approximately
70%), with the balance (approximately 30%) arising from the adoption of updated emission factors.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
expectations/ requirements, and seeking commitment
for compliance through contractual agreements.
Additionally, ITC facilitates its value chain partners in
handling any adverse impacts.
For more details on ITC s initiatives for mitigating
environmental impacts across value chain, refer to Risk
and Impact Management section of ITC s Nature Report.
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of
business done with such partners) that were assessed
for environmental impacts.
ITC conducts third-party assessment of its Critical
Tier-1 suppliers* on an ongoing basis, and this
assessment covers key aspects on environmental
compliance and management practices. As part of
ITC s Sustainable Supply Chain initiative, 13% suppliers
(by spend value)# have been assessed over last 3 years
including more than 95% Critical Tier-1 suppliers.
# Spend value is estimated based on FY 2024-25 procurement
spend data from domestic suppliers.
*All ITC Businesses have identified Critical Tier-1 suppliers
based on aspects like buy value, ESG risk exposure and
importance to business continuity, among others. ITC s
Sustainable Supply Chain Programme is focussed on working
closely with the set of identified critical suppliers.
8. How many Green Credits have been generated
or procured:
By the listed entity
Nil
By the top ten (in terms of
value of purchases and sales,
respectively) value chain partners
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body)
the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
Name Of The Trade And Industry
Chambers/Associations
Reach Of Trade And Industry Chambers/
Associations (State/National)
ASSOCHAM
National
All India Management Association
National
Confederation of Indian Industry
National
Madras Management Association
State
Indian Merchants Chamber of Commerce
National
Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries & Agriculture
State
PHD Chamber of Commerce & Industry
National
Bombay Management Association
State
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry
National
Retailers Association of India
National
Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible
and transparent
Essential Indicators
1 a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
ITC s Policy on Responsible Advocacy provides the framework for necessary interface with Government/Regulatory
Authorities on matters concerning various sectors in which the Company operates. The Company s engagement with the
relevant authorities is guided by the values of commitment, integrity, transparency and the need to balance the interests
of diverse stakeholders. The Company works with apex industry institutions that are engaged in policy advocacy as well
as various other forums. The Company has active affiliations with 89 such trade and industry chambers/associations.
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Essential Indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year.
Name And Brief
Details Of Project
SIA
Notification
Date Of
Notification
Whether
Conducted By
Independent
External
Agency
(Yes/No)
Results
Communicated
In Public
Domain
(Yes/No)
Relevant
Web Link
Not Applicable
Principle
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
The Company has not engaged in any anti-competitive conduct.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity.
Public Policy
Advocated
Method Resorted For Such
Advocacy
Whether
Information
Available In
Public Domain?
(Yes/No)
Frequency Of
Review By Board
(Annually/Half-
Yearly/Quarterly/
Others - Please
Specify)
Web
Link,
If Avail
able
1.
The Company s Policy
on Responsible
Advocacy approved
by the Board provides
the framework for
necessary interface
with Government/
Regulatory Authorities
on matters concerning
various sectors in
which the Company
operates.
Sector-wise matters
taken up are in line
with national priorities
to strengthen
domestic industry,
promoting sustainable
agriculture and
business practices.
The Company works with
apex industry institutions
that are engaged in
policy advocacy, like the
Confederation of Indian
Industry, Federation
of Indian Chambers of
Commerce & Industry,
Associated Chambers of
Commerce and Industry
of India, and various other
forums including regional
Chambers of Commerce.
The Company s engagement
with the relevant authorities
is guided by the values of
commitment, integrity,
transparency and taking
into consideration interests
of all stakeholders.
https://itcportal.
com/content/dam/
itc-corporate/
pdfs/policy/policy-
on-responsible-
advocacy.pdf
Annual
-

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress
grievances of the community.
Details on mechanisms to receive and redress grievances
of the community are provided under Question 25
(of Section A).
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs
by value) sourced from suppliers.
FY 2025-26
Current
Financial
Year
FY 2024-25
Previous
Financial
Year
Directly sourced from
MSMEs/small producers
32.38%
29.72%
Directly from within India
92.59%
92.86%
5. Job creation in smaller towns - Disclose wages paid
to persons employed (including employees or workers
employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract
basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost
(Place to be categorized as per RBI Classification System
- rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan).
Location
FY 2025-26
Current Financial
Year
FY 2024-25
Previous Financial
Year
Rural
15%
Semi-urban
10%
Urban
18%
17%
Metropolitan
57%
58%
Note: Coverage is defined with reference to the segmentation
of total wages disbursed to all permanent employees and
workers during the reporting period, including those who
were associated with the Company for part of the year.
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above)
Not Applicable
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as
identified by government bodies:
State
Aspirational District
Amount Spent (In Rs. Lakhs)
Telangana
Bhadradri Kothagudem
2,992.35
Uttarakhand
Haridwar
624.50
Odisha
Malkangiri
305.98
Madhya Pradesh
Vidisha
302.13
Assam
Darrang
275.08
Bihar
Begusarai
256.31
Rajasthan
Jaisalmer
229.68
Uttar Pradesh
Bahraich
217.66
Rajasthan
Baran
177.44
Uttar Pradesh
Chandauli
172.86
Maharashtra
Washim
141.11
Chhattisgarh
Sukma
123.17
Maharashtra
Nandurbar
114.40
Multiple* (17 States)
Multiple*
1,016.94
*Spends in balance 53 Aspirational Districts of the total 66 where ITC had CSR project spends
Name Of
Project For
Which R&R
Is Ongoing
State
District
No. Of Project
Affected
Families
(PAFs)
% Of PAFs
Covered By
R&R
Amount
Paid To PAFs
In The FY
(In INR)
Not Applicable
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken
by your entity.

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
3. a. Do you have a preferential procurement policy
where you give preference to purchase from suppliers
comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No):
The Board-approved Policy on Sustainable Supply Chain
and Responsible Sourcing defines the supply chain partners
which includes farmers. ITC is committed to collaborating
with farmers to make them more sustainable and help
build their adaptive capacity and resilience to emerging
risks like climate change, water stress and other extreme
weather events. ITC is also raising awareness and working
with farmers on crop quality, safety, protection, integrity and
traceability, as applicable.
b. From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you
procure?
ITC procures from farmers including women farmers
and small landholders.
c. What percentage of total procurement (by value)
does IT constitute?
During FY 2025-26, ITC consumed over 2.2 million tonnes
of agri raw materials, which is over 65% of overall raw
materials consumption.
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the
intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity
(in the current financial year), based on traditional
knowledge.
Nil
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on
any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Nil
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
In the social sector, the two most important stakeholders
of ITC are:
Rural communities with whom the Company s Agri-
Business has forged long and enduring partnerships;
Communities residing in close proximity to our
manufacturing Units, situated in urban and semi-
rural locations
The beneficiaries of ITC s CSR programmes mostly belong
to the under privileged sections of the society and small
& marginal farmers who face the challenges of securing
sustainable livelihoods. These challenges are addressed
through the Three Pathways strategy of making today s
dominant source(s) of livelihoods sustainable; and
strengthening capabilities for tomorrow.
The Three Pathways strategy ensures an integrated
approach to development involving several interventions.
Presented ahead are the total number of approximate
beneficiaries for key interventions and estimated
proportion of beneficiaries belonging to vulnerable and
marginalised groups.
CSR Projects
No. Of Beneficiaries
Benefitted From
CSR Projects (2025-26)
% Of Beneficiaries From
Vulnerable And
Marginalised Groups
Natural Resources Management - Water
Stewardship
66,870
SC/ST - 9%; Female - 23%
Climate Smart Agriculture
12.09. Lakhs
SC/ST - 17%; Female - 19%
On-Farm Livelihood Diversification -
Social Forestry
8,950
SC/ST - 28%; Female - 23%
Off-Farm Livelihood Diversification -
Improved Animal Husbandry Practices
2.16. Lakhs
SC/ST - 21%; Female - 50%
Support To Education
10.94. Lakhs
Children - 100%; ~50% Girl Children
Skilling Of Youth
17,600
SC/ST - 24%; Female - ~49%
Improving Health & Sanitation - Waste
Management
7.13. Lakhs
SC/ST - 1.61%
Improving Health & Sanitation - Maternal
And Child Health And Nutrition
17. Lakhs
100% - Women, Adolescents And Chil
dren
Women Empowerment
9.48 Lakhs*
100% Women
*includes women gainfully employed and women in SHGs covered under Financial Literacy programme during the year

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
A well established system enables consumers to engage with the Company through multiple channels, including
email, telephone, website, social media, and feedback forms. Dedicated consumer response cells within Businesses
address queries and feedback, supporting continuous improvement of products and services.
2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
All products/services of the Company contain relevant information as required under applicable laws.
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
^ Resolved after March 2025.
^^ Will be resolved after March 2026.
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
Remarks
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Remarks
Received
During The
Year
Pending
Resolution At
End Of Year^^
Received
During The
Year
Pending
Resolution At
End Of Year^
Data privacy
-
Advertising
Cyber-security
Delivery of essential
Services
Restrictive Trade
Practices
Unfair Trade
Practices
Others
25,350
3,575
19,806
2,503
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number
Reasons For Recall
Voluntary recalls
Nil
Not Applicable
Forced recalls
Nil
Not Applicable
5. Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available,
provide a web-link of the policy.
A Cyber Security Committee, led by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), is established to focus specifically on cyber
security risks. Its primary responsibility is to monitor emerging practices and technologies and provide recommendations to
enhance the security of the organisation s IT systems and infrastructure. Further, the CISO actively participates in meetings
of the Risk Management Committee whenever matters related to cyber security are discussed.
ITC s Information Management Policy defines the framework/policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy.
ITC s Privacy Policy is part of Information Management Policy and is available on ITC Portal at
https://itcportal.com/about-itc/itc-policies/privacy-policy.html
Principle

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
1. Channels / platforms where information on products
and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web
link, if available).
https://www.itcportal.com
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about
safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
All Businesses of the Company comply with the
regulations and relevant voluntary codes concerning
marketing
communications,
advertising,
promotion
sponsorship.
The
Company s
communications are designed to enable consumers to
make informed purchase decisions, while also promoting
awareness on the responsible usage of its products
and services.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any
risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
The Company is not engaged in providing essential
services.
However,
has
necessary
mechanisms in place to inform consumers if any major
discontinuation happens in relation to its products
and services.
4. Does the entity display product information on the
product over and above what is mandated as per local
laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in
brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to
consumer satisfaction relating to the major products /
services of the entity, significant locations of operation
of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
As an integral part of ITC s consumer satisfaction focus,
attention is paid to product information and labelling
and consumer engagement by the Businesses. ITC s
Businesses have an established system for monitoring
customer satisfaction and IT ensures that their feedback
is addressed in a systematic manner.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken
by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
Robust systems have been put in place to identify the issues faced by the consumers and ensure timely resolution of
the same. Efforts are in place to continually strengthen the quality assurance system and to improve delivery timelines.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches: Nil
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers: Nil
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: Nil
CDP Water
Dow Jones Best-in-Class
Emerging Markets Index
CDP Climate
MSCI ESG
CDP Forest
Alliance for Water
Stewardship
A List for the third
consecutive year
Continued to feature in
the prestigious Index
Leadership level score
of A- for the fourth
consecutive year
Sustained AA rating
for 8 years in a row
Achieved A List in
first year of participation
9. ITC Units certified
at Platinum level
Leadership Indicators
Best in Class ESG Credentials
Recognition of ITC s Sustainability Performance

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report

KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP
Building No. 10, 4th Floor, Tower-B & C
DLF Cyber City, Phase - II
Gurugram - 122 002 (India)
Tel: +91 124 307 4000
Fax: +91 124 254 9101

Independent Practitioners Reasonable Assurance Report
To the Board of Directors of ITC Limited
Assurance report on the sustainability disclosures in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Reporting (BRSR) disclosures F0F0
Assurance report on the sustainability disclosures in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Reporting (BRSR) Core format F0F0 1 (called Identified Sustainability Information (ISI) of ITC Limited (the
Company ) for the period from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026. The ISI is included in the Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting section of the Company s Report and Accounts 2026 for the
period from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026.
Opinion
We have performed a reasonable assurance engagement on whether the Company s sustainability
disclosures in the BRSR Core Format (refer Appendix 1 of this report) for the period from 1 April 2025 to
31 March 2026 have been prepared in accordance with the reporting criteria (refer table below).
Identified
Sustainability
Information
(ISI) subject to
Period
subject to
Reference
Section in the
Report and
Accounts 2026
Reporting criteria
BRSR Core
(refer Appendix
1)

From 1 April
2025 to 31
March 2026
Business
Responsibility
and Sustainability
Report (BRSR)
section of
Company s
Report and
Accounts 2026
-
Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements
(SEBI LODR)
-
Master Circular for compliance with the
provisions of the SEBI LODR by listed
entities, dated January 30, 2026 (Master
Circular) prescribing
o Format of the BRSR

1. As per SEBI Master circular number SEBI/ HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026
ISO Certifications: ISO 14001:2015-Environmental Management System, ISO
45001:2018-Occupational Health & Safety Management System, ISO
22301:2019-Business Continuity Management System, ISO 27001:2022-
Information Security Management System, ISO 27017:2015-Cloud Security
Management System, ISO 27701:2019-Personal Information Management
System, ISO 20000-1:2018- Information Technology System Management and
ISO 42001: 2023- Artificial Intelligence Management System
KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP,
an Indian limited liability partnership and a
member firm of KPMG global organization of
independent member firms affiliated with
KPMG International Limited, a private English
company limited by guarantee
KPMG (Registered) (a partnership firm with
Registration No. BA-62445) converted into
KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services
LLP (a Limited Liability Partnership with LLP
Registration No. AAT-0367), with effect
from July 23, 2020
Registered Office
2nd Floor, Block T2 (B Wing)
Lodha Excelus, Apollo Mills
Compound, N M Joshi Marg,
Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report

o Guidance notes for BRSR format issued
by SEBI
-
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol (A
Corporate
Accounting
Reporting
Standard) (Revised) developed by World
Resources Institute (WRI) / World Business
Council for Sustainable Development
(WBCSD)
This engagement was conducted by a multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners, engineers
and environmental and social professionals.
In our opinion, the Company s Identified Sustainability Information covered in the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) section of its Report and Accounts 2026 for the period 1 April 2025
to 31 March 2026, is prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Regulation 34(2)(f) of SEBI
LODR, Master Circular of SEBI LODR, Master Circular, the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol (A
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard) (Revised) developed by World Resources Institute (WRI) /
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and as per the Reporting Boundary as set
out in BRSR - Section A: General Disclosures 13 of the BRSR.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements
(ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information and ISAE 3410, Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Our responsibilities section of our report.
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International
Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA).
KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (the Firm) applies International Standard on Quality
Management (ISQM) 1, Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial
Statements, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements, issued by the IAASB. This standard
requires the Firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management, including policies or
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and
regulatory requirements.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.
Other information
Management and the Board of Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The
other information comprises the information included in the Company s Report and Accounts 2026 (but

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report

does not include the BRSR Core and assurance report thereon). The Company s Report and Accounts 2026
is expected to be made available to us after the date of this Assurance Report.
Our reasonable assurance on the BRSR Core attributes does not cover the other information and we are not
expressing any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our assurance report of the BRSR Core, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above when IT becomes available, and in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the BRSR Core, or our knowledge obtained in the assurance, or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Report and Accounts 2026, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
we are required to communicate the matter to Those Charged With Governance and describe actions
applicable under the applicable laws and regulations.
Intended use or purpose
The ISI and our reasonable assurance report are intended for users who have reasonable knowledge of the
BRSR attributes, the Reporting Criteria and ISI and who have read the information in the ISI with
reasonable diligence and understand that the ISI is prepared and assured at appropriate levels of materiality.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Management s responsibilities for the Identified Sustainability Information (ISI)
The management of the Company acknowledges and understands their responsibility for:

designing, implementing and maintaining internal controls relevant to the preparation of the ISI so that
IT is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;

selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the ISI, taking into account applicable laws and
regulations, if any, related to reporting on the ISI, identification of key aspects, engagement with
stakeholders, content preparation and presentation of the ISI in accordance with the Reporting Criteria;

disclosure of the applicable criteria used for preparation of the ISI in the Report and Accounts 2026;

preparing/fairly stating/properly calculating the ISI in accordance with the Reporting Criteria;

ensuring the Reporting Criteria is available for the intended users with relevant explanation;

establishing targets, goals and other performance measures, and implementing actions to achieve such
targets, goals and performance measures;

providing the details of the management personnel who take ownership of the ISI disclosed in the
Report and Accounts 2026;

ensuring compliance with laws, regulations or applicable contracts;

making judgements and estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances;

identifying and describing any inherent limitations in the measurement or evaluation of information
covered by assurance in accordance with the Reporting Criteria;

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report

preventing and detecting fraud;

selecting the content of the ISI, including identifying and engaging with intended users to understand
their information needs;

informing us of other information that will be included with the ISI; and

supervision of other staff involved in the preparation of the ISI.
Those Charged With Governance are responsible for overseeing the reporting process for the Company s
ISI.
Inherent limitations
The preparation of the Company s BRSR information requires the management to establish or interpret the
criteria, make determinations about the relevancy of information to be included, and make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported information.
Measurement of certain amounts and BRSR Core metrics, some of which are estimates, is subject to
substantial inherent measurement uncertainty, for example, GHG Footprint, Water Footprint, Energy
Footprint. Obtaining sufficient appropriate evidence to support our opinion does not reduce the uncertainty
in the amounts and metrics.
Our responsibilities
We are responsible for:

Planning and performing the engagement to obtain reasonable assurance on the BRSR Core disclosures
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, in accordance with the Reporting
Criteria in line with the section above;

Forming an independent opinion, based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we
have obtained; and

Reporting our reasonable assurance opinion to the Board of Directors of ITC Limited.
Summary of the work we performed as the basis for our opinion
We exercised professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the engagement.
We designed and performed our procedures to obtain evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our reasonable assurance opinion.
The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depended on our judgement, including an
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the ISI covered by reasonable assurance, whether due
to fraud or error. We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement through understanding the
ISI covered by reasonable assurance and the engagement circumstances. We also obtained an understanding
of the internal controls relevant to the ISI covered by the reasonable assurance in order to design procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the internal controls. In carrying out our engagement, we:

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report

assessed the suitability of the criteria used by the Company in preparing the ISI covered by the
reasonable assurance;

evaluated the appropriateness of reporting policies, quantification methods and models used in the
preparation of the ISI covered by the reasonable assurance and the reasonableness of estimates made
by the Company;

relied on the audited standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026, audited by the
Company s statutory auditors, for financial data included in BRSR Core attributes as per Appendix 1;

evaluated the overall presentation of the ISI covered by the reasonable assurance.
Exclusions
Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we will not express an opinion on the same:

Any form of review of the commercial merits, technical feasibility, accuracy of claims, compliance with
applicable legislations. We have not verified any of the judgements in relation to commercial risks
associated with the business activities.

Operations of the Company other than those under the Reporting Boundary set out in the section A of
BRSR section of the Report and Accounts 2026 (Scope of Assurance).

The Company s statements that describe the strategy, progress on goals (other than those listed under
the scope of assurance as mentioned above), expression of opinion, claims, belief, aspiration,
expectation, aim to future intention provided by the Company, and assertions related to Intellectual
Property Rights and other competitive issues.

Aspects of the BRSR and the data or information (qualitative or quantitative) other than the ISI.

Data and information outside the defined reporting period i.e., from 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026.

Shivananda Shetty
Partner
For KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP
Date: 10 June 2026
Place: Gurugram

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Principle
Attribute/Area
Parameter/Metric
Type of
Assurance

Principle 1 - E8
Fairness in Engaging with
Customers and Suppliers
Number of days of accounts payable
Reasonable
Principle 1 - E9
Open-ness of business
Concentration of purchases & sales done with trading houses,
dealers, and related parties Loans and advances & investments
with related parties
Reasonable
Principle 3 - E1 c
Enhancing Employee
Wellbeing and Safety
Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and
workers (including permanent and other than permanent)
Reasonable
Principle 3 - E11
Details of safety related incidents (LTIFR, Recordable
Injuries, Fatalities, High Consequence Injuries)
Reasonable
Principle 5 - E3 b
Enabling Gender
Diversity in Business
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the
entity
Reasonable
Principle 5 - E7
Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
Reasonable
Principle 6 - E1
Energy Footprint
Total energy consumption
Reasonable
Energy intensity (per rupee of turnover, per rupee of turnover
adjusted for PPP, per physical output)
Reasonable
Principle 6 - E3
Water Footprint
Provide details of water withdrawal by source
Reasonable
Total water consumption
Reasonable
Water consumption intensity (per rupee of turnover, per rupee
of turnover adjusted for PPP, per physical output)
Reasonable
Principle 6 - E4
Water Footprint
Water Discharge by destination and levels of Treatment
Reasonable
Principle 6- E7
GHG Footprint
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Reasonable
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Reasonable
GHG Emission Intensity (Scope 1+2) (per rupee of turnover,
per rupee of turnover adjusted for PPP, per physical output)
Reasonable
Principle 6 - E9
Embracing circularity -
waste details
Provide details related to waste generated by category of
Reasonable
Waste intensity (per rupee of turnover, per rupee of turnover
adjusted for PPP, per physical output)
Reasonable
Each category of waste generated, total waste recovered
through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
Reasonable
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by
nature of disposal method
Reasonable
Principle 8 - E4
Enabling Inclusive
Development
Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value)
sourced from suppliers (MSMEs/small suppliers and directly
within India)
Reasonable
Principle 8 - E5
Job creation in smaller towns: Wages paid to persons
employed in smaller towns as % of total wage cost
Reasonable
Principle 9 - E7
Fairness in Engaging with
Customers and Suppliers
Instances involving loss / breach of data of customers as a
percentage of total data breaches or cyber security events
Reasonable
Appendix 1: BRSR Core attributes

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Creating Enduring Institutions
Established in 2006 with CII, the CII-ITC Centre of
Excellence
Sustainable
Development
(CESD)
advances the Triple Bottom Line across Indian industry by
enabling Government-industry dialogue on regulations,
stakeholder engagement on global policy developments,
and thought leadership on macro-economic issues and
the sustainability agenda. Key highlights during the
year include:
Building Climate Resilience and Low Carbon Economy
CESD strengthened industry capacity to address
climate risks through policy advocacy, research,
and capacity building. The Physical Climate Risk
Assessment Framework (PCRAF) was enhanced
through pilot projects to help businesses assess
climate risks across operations and value chains.
The CII Climate Action Charter (CCAC) supported
companies - especially MSMEs - in GHG accounting,
decarbonisation pathways, and access to climate
finance, while supporting India s transition to a low
carbon, climate resilient economy.
Advancing Creation of a Circular Economy
The Centre promoted circular economy adoption
through collaboration with regulators to strengthen
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) frameworks,
waste policies, and sustainability standards.
The CII India Plastics Pact advanced recyclable
packaging, reduced virgin plastic use, and increased
recycled content through industry partnerships and
knowledge-sharing platforms.
Nature Positive Actions
Through the India Business and Biodiversity Initiative
(IBBI), CESD strengthened corporate engagement on
biodiversity conservation and nature-related risks.
The Centre supported companies in integrating ecological
considerations into business decisions and aligning with
emerging nature-related disclosure frameworks.
Enhancing Solutions for Clean Air
CESD led clean air initiatives through platforms
such as the India CEO Forum for Clean Air and the
Clean Air Better Life , promoting cleaner production,
efficient logistics, clean construction practices and
agricultural residue management.
The Centre also enabled cross-sector collaboration and
policy support for scalable emission reduction solutions.
Facilitating an Enabling Ecosystem for ESG Reporting
The Centre contributed to strengthening India s ESG
reporting ecosystem by supporting refinements to the
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting
(BRSR) framework.
IT also helped companies move beyond compliance
through digital solutions to improve ESG governance
and data credibility.
Knowledge Exchange and Excellence in Sustainability
CESD continued as a national hub for sustainability
dialogue through forums like the Sustainability
Summit.
Through
training,
assessments,
initiatives such as the CII-ITC Sustainability Awards,
IT enabled organisations to integrate sustainability in
their business.
CII-ITC Centre of Excellence
for Sustainable Development
The ITC Sangeet Research Academy (ITC SRA) was
established by ITC in 1977 as an independent Public
Charitable Trust with the aim of enabling enduring
excellence in the preservation, propagation and
education of Hindustani classical music .
The objective of ITC SRA is to create the next generation of
masters of Hindustani Classical Music. The methodology
of training is based on the age-old principles of
Guru Shishya Parampara . The Academy is modelled
as a professionally-run institution that epitomises the
teaching of Hindustani Raga music. Through its eminent
Gurus, IT imparts intensive training in Hindustani
classical music to its Scholars. The present Gurus of the
Academy are Padma Bhushan Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty,
Padmashri Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar, Pandit Partha
Chatterjee, Pandit Uday Bhawalkar, Vidushi Subhra
Guha, Shri Omkar Dadarkar, Shri Abir Hossain and Shri
Brajeswar Mukherjee. Alongside, there are five Musician
Tutors teaching Scholars with great dedication, among
whom one is visually challenged. The Academy has 48
Scholars engaged in learning music, of which two are
visually challenged.
The focus of the Academy remains the nurturing of
exceptionally gifted students carefully hand-picked
from across India, who receive full scholarship to
reside and pursue music education in the Academy s
campus and in other designated locations under the
tutelage of the country s most distinguished musicians.
The Scholars of the Academy have excelled in many
ways, receiving national scholarships given by both
the Ministry of Human Resources and the Ministry of
Culture, Government of India, and qualifying for other
prestigious awards and accolades. They perform in very
well attended music festivals organised by the Academy
in Kolkata, including the prestigious annual ITC Sangeet
Sammelan. Additionally, through collaborations with
organisers nationwide, the Academy presents its
Scholars and young musicians in ITC Mini Sangeet
Sammelans, concerts and Baithaks in various locations
like Bidar, Gandhinagar, Jalgaon, Jabalpur, Nashik,
Dehradun, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Mangalore, Chennai,
Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, etc enabling the Academy to
fulfil its avowed objective of preserving and propagating
Hindustani Classical Music.
A
two-day
Thumri
Festival
February
commemorating the iconic Thumri virtuoso Vidushi
Shobha Gurtu on her centenary, alongside a Malhar
Festival in August 2025 were among the Academy s
other programmes in Kolkata.
ITC SRA is an embodiment of your Company s sustained
commitment to a priceless legacy and national heritage.
ITC Sangeet Research Academy

REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report
Awards & Accolades
Mr Sanjiv Puri, Chairman & Managing Director, was
recognised as the Best CEO in the FMCG category at
Fortune India s Best CEOs Awards 2025.
was recognised among India s Top 100 Influential
People powering Technology & Innovation by
MIT Sloan Management Review India.
ITC Limited received the Masters of Risk Award in the
FMCG category at India Risk Management Awards 2025.
ITC received the Times of India Earth Care Award in
the Green Business Titan category.
ITC was ranked 1st in the Conglomerates sector in
BW Businessworld s India s Most Sustainable Companies
2025 for its exemplary sustainability initiatives.
ITC s Agri Business was recognised as one of the
Icons of India s AgriFood Systems at the ET Edge
Global Sustainability Alliance AgriFood Systems
Summit 2026.
ITC was conferred the Green Champion Award for
Leadership in Green Factory Buildings at the CII IGBC
Green Building Congress 2025.
ITC s Paperboards & Specialty Papers Division
won the prestigious Aegis Graham Bell Award for
Innovation in Manufacturing, conferred by the Ministry
of Electronics & IT.
ITC s Tobacco Division was conferred with Distinction
in HR Excellence at the 16th CII National HR Excellence
Awards 2026, achieving the highest score ever
recorded in history.
ITC was recognised at FICCI s Healthcare Excellence
Awards 2025 in the category Excellence in Community
Engagement for the Swaasth Kiran - Sachal Netra
Seva Initiative.
ITC was adjudged a winner in the categories -
Gut Health Product of the Year , Healthy Aging
Initiative of the Year & Health Awareness Campaign
of the Year at ET s Nutrition & Wellness Awards 2025.
ITC s Packaging & Printing Business received
3 prestigious WorldStar Packaging Awards for pack
premiumisation and sustainability solutions.
ITC became the first Company in India to receive the
global Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA) 3.0
Silver benchmark for wheat and paddy.
ITC Corporate Communications was awarded 3 Golds,
ITC Foods received 2 Golds & 1 Silver at the Adgully
Imagexx Summit & Awards 2025.
ITC s Savlon Swasth India Mission - Handwash
Legends campaign won multiple accolades at The One
Show, D&AD, Clio Awards, AdFest and Spikes Asia.
ITC Mangaldeep won two prestigious ET Digi Plus
Awards 2025 for its campaigns at Maha Kumbh.
ITC s Life Sciences & Technology Centre was honoured
at the ET HRWorld EX Awards 2025 for Exceptional
Employee Experience.
Mr Sanjiv Puri, Chairman & Managing Director, was
honoured with the Business Leader of the Year
Award by the All India Management Association.
was conferred the Best CEO Award in the
Large Companies category by Business Today.
received the AIMA - JRD Tata Corporate Leadership
Award 2024 for his exceptional contribution to
corporate leadership and professional management.
was awarded the Sir Jehangir Ghandy Medal for
Industrial and Social Peace by XLRI Jamshedpur for
his significant contributions to industry and society.
Mr Sanjiv Puri, Chairman & Managing Director, was
recognised as the Best CEO in the Diversified
Conglomerate category by Fortune India.
Mr Sanjiv Puri, Chairman & Managing Director, was
honoured with the Distinguished Alumnus Award of
the Year conferred by IIT, Kanpur in recognition of his
achievements of exceptional merit.
ITC became the first Indian company to win the
prestigious Global Kaizen Award for its Panchla
ICML facility at the 5th Edition of the Global KAIZEN
Awards 2023 at Lisbon, Portugal.
ITC was awarded the First Prize in the Best Industry
for CSR Activities category by the Ministry of
Jal Shakti, Government of India, at the 3rd National
Water Awards 2020.
ITC s Paperboards & Specialty Papers Division
won the first prize in the BRICS Industrial
Innovation
Contest
Chemicals
Consumption Reduction in Kraft Pulp Mill project
at Bhadrachalam, in the Intelligent Manufacturing,
Intelligent Equipment category.
ITC was conferred the Best Governed Company
Award in the Listed Segment: Large category by the
ICSI at the 20th ICSI National Awards for Excellence in
Corporate Governance.
ITC s Life Sciences and Technology Centre was ranked
Top Innovator in India amongst Indian pharma and
healthcare private companies.
ITC won the prestigious Porter Prize 2017 for Excellence
in Corporate Governance and Integration and for its
exemplary contribution in Creating Shared Value .
ITC s leading hygiene brand Savlon bagged 7 awards
at the coveted Cannes Lions 2017.
ITC s Paperboards and Specialty Papers units at
Bhadrachalam, Bollaram, Kovai and Tribeni are
FSC Chain of Custody certified.
ITC was presented the World Business and
Development Award at the Rio+20 UN Summit for its
Social and Farm Forestry initiative.
For other awards and accolades, please refer to www.itcportal.com
Major Awards & Certifications over the Years
Major Awards & Certifications 2025-2026