Integrated Annual Report 2025-2026
Acceleration in
Uncertainty
Acceleration in
Uncertainty

INTEGRATED ANNUAL
REPORT 2025-26

CHAIRMAN S
MESSAGE
The next global order may be built by
connectors in a fragmented world.
This opens up an opportunity for India
to be a connector economy .
Dear Shareholders,
In my letter to you last year, I had described the prevailing
global situation as a Samudra Manthan - a churning.
I acknowledged that every country and every company was
inescapably going to have to swallow some of the poison
churned up by the Manthan.
However, I had also urged that instead of focusing on mere
mitigation of the effects of the poison, we could proactively
view the Manthan as an opportunity to garner some of the
amrit for ourselves. Because be IT a country or a business,
the winners would be the ones who were resilient enough
to navigate the uncertainty and ambiguity thrown up by the
Manthan and gain some advantage from IT.
IT makes me very happy to note that both your country and
your company have demonstrated excellent navigational
skills. In a world that is rebalancing and moving from
globalisation to selective partnerships, India s relevance has
grown. Its ability to combine scale with strategic flexibility is
positioning IT as an increasingly important pillar of a
distributed global economy.
IT is being seen as a credible and stable alternative for
investment, manufacturing, and talent (today, approximately
25% of all iPhones are manufactured in India!). Politically, IT
has quietly protected its own interests while dealing with
other nations with diplomacy and tact. Economically, IT is
the fastest-growing major economy in the world. In an
unpredictable world, India is holding its own.
Your company too has extracted some amrit from the
Manthan. The results for the year gone by are outstanding
and have hit historical highs. We are rewriting the rules of
mobility and comfort with the revolutionary NU_IQ
platform. The number of patents granted has jumped from
56 to 1,300+ in the last one decade, showcasing our
capacity to innovate, despite the tsunami swirling around
us.
The Mahindra Group has, during this volatile period,
announced one of the largest prospective investments in its
history in Nagpur (₹15,000 crore over 10 years),
demonstrating our confidence in our ability to navigate the
future. These achievements have been recognised by
several external entities. We have been named Outstanding
Company of the Year at the India Business Leadership
Awards and as one of the world s Top 50 Companies by
TIME magazine.
All this is very heartening. However, as recent events,
particularly in West Asia are showing, the Manthan is far
from over. We have navigated the first churning. We must
now brace ourselves for Manthan 2.0. Uncertainty is no
longer the exception; IT is the rule. Black swan events have
become obsolete because the pond is full of black swans.
Situations that were previously seen as temporary
disruptions are now proving to be a more long-term reset of
supply chains, geopolitical alignments, and technologies.
There is a shift from episodic shocks to continuous
earthquakes, where anticipating change is increasingly
difficult, and the imperative is to build the agility and
resilience to navigate a constantly shifting landscape.
Manthan 2.0 is, indeed, upon us.
Can we continue to reap the amrit in this new Manthan? For
India, the stars are favourable. India s rise today is being
increasingly aligned with the way the world is being
reconfigured. Mark Carney and many other global leaders
have called for the world to move beyond rigid trading
blocs towards multiple coalitions, and this is happening as
we speak.
The next global order may well be built by those who can
become connectors in a fragmented world. This opens up
an opportunity for India to be a connector economy that
works across divides. IT is already beginning to establish this
reputation with its low-key goodwill towards all approach
over the past year.
Add to that India s democracy and political stability, its
geographical position as a political and economic buffer
against China, its large internal market, and the trust which
IT generates across ideological blocs, and you have the
definition of a perfect connector economy .
We were the first to implement the concept of
non-alignment; this is the ideal time to move from being
non-aligned to being a multi-aligned force and a trusted
partner. The question for India is no longer whether IT will
rise, but how fully will IT translate this moment into an
enduring advantage.
For M&M, the opportunities are even more significant than
the last Manthan. This is not a time to stand still or to rest
on our laurels.
IT is time to move from navigation to acceleration. As the
mist of uncertainty billows around us, we will look for
enduring advantage by going into Attack Mode. Attack
Mode is a strategy adopted in Formula E racing, where a
racing driver makes a deliberate choice to accelerate at the
right moment, in imperfect conditions. In ideal conditions,
overtaking is difficult, because everyone is at speed.
IT is when conditions are rainy or hazy that calculated
acceleration can propel you to victory. This is not reactive
speed; IT is strategic acceleration, backed by preparation and
conviction.
As the cover symbolises, we are accelerating through the
fog, confident in the strength of our vision, the clarity of
our strategy, and the effectiveness of our execution.
Sincerely,
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman
MESSAGE FROM THE LEADERS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

GROUP CEO
& MD S
MESSAGE
Uncertainty will remain a constant.
But we have never waited for
certainty to act.
This requires a commitment to continuous learning and a
willingness to challenge established ways of working. Those
who move early and decisively will lead. We are determined
to be among them.
Building a Global Talent Powerhouse
At the heart of every enduring institution lie its people.
Our aspiration is to build a global talent powerhouse - one
that attracts exceptional individuals, nurtures their
potential, and creates an environment where they choose
to stay and grow.
IT means a culture that is vibrant and energising, where
ideas are encouraged and diverse perspectives valued. IT
means building a caring meritocracy where performance is
recognised and people feel supported to do their best work.
Above all, IT requires staying anchored in our values. Values
that guide decisions, shape behaviours and give our people
the confidence to act with clarity, especially in uncertain
times.
The Path Forward
The progress we have made gives us confidence, but the
environment ahead demands greater resolve. We are well
positioned to accelerate in uncertainty.
Across industries, uncertainty is no longer abstract, IT is
operational. Energy and infrastructure constraints, volatility
in commodity prices, and rising logistics and forex costs are
reshaping cost structures. The availability of critical inputs
from metals such as aluminium to time-sensitive imports
remain uneven. At the same time, supply chains are being
tested by manpower shortages across partner ecosystems.
In this context, our response is not to slow down, but to
move forward with greater clarity and discipline.
Across our businesses, we are setting our sights on global
leadership. This marks a shift from strong performance to a
more expansive ambition, one that demands we think
bigger, act with conviction and move together as one
Uncertainty will remain a constant. But we have never
waited for certainty to act.
We will continue to create direction, act with conviction, and
build with purpose guided by our values and strengthened
by our people.
Thank you for your continued trust and belief in Mahindra.
Warm regards,
Our Growth Gems have seen continued momentum, with
Mahindra Lifespaces profit up 7x, Aerospace built a strong
order book of over $1 billion, Logistics broke even after 11
quarters of losses, Advanced Technologies is on a strong
growth path, and Trucks & Buses is well positioned after the
SML acquisition.
This breadth of performance reflects a portfolio that is both
resilient and future ready.
As we reflect on this progress, IT is encouraging to see IT
recognised externally. Over a decade ago, Anand Mahindra
set an aspiration for us to be a globally admired company.
Today, IT is heartening to see that the Mahindra Group is
ranked #44 on TIME s World s Best Companies list and is the
only Indian company in the Top 100. We were also honoured
to receive CNBC s Outstanding Company of the Year and
the Golden Peacock Global Award for Governance for the
fifth consecutive year.
AI At Scale
Artificial Intelligence is one of the most defining shifts
shaping our world today. Its impact is redefining industries,
decision-making, and the nature of work itself.
Our approach is clear: we must act with courage and intent.
This is not a moment for incremental experimentation at
the margins, but for meaningful integration at scale. Across
the Group, we are embedding AI into how we think, operate,
and serve our customers.
Dear Shareholders,
In a world defined by volatility and disruption, the ability to
create direction sets institutions apart. And IT is the courage
to accelerate through uncertainty that determines how far
they go.
Uncertainty today is no longer cyclical IT is structural.
Geopolitical shifts, rapid technological change, climate
imperatives, and evolving consumer expectations are
reshaping industries at pace. In this environment, we have
remained clear in our approach: to stay anchored to our
values while accelerating growth, sharpening our portfolio
while building future-ready businesses.
Performance Through Conviction
FY26 has been an exceptional year for the Mahindra Group,
with broad-based performance across our businesses.
Despite a challenging global environment we delivered our
highest ever annual performance, with consolidated
revenue of ₹1,98,639 crore, up 25% year-on-year.
Consolidated Profit After Tax (PAT) grew 32% to ₹17,099
crore, the highest in the Group s history. We strengthened
our leadership positions both in Auto and Farm. SUVs grew
20%, while Tractor volumes crossed 5 lakh, and we
continue to lead electric three-wheelers with a 40%
market share.
Our IT services arm Tech Mahindra improved its EBIT margin
to 12.6 per cent, marking a steady recovery. Mahindra
Finance delivered a strong recovery, with operational PAT
up 60%, GS3 improving to 3.41%, and Project Udaan
achieved full adoption, positioning the business well for
Dr. Anish Shah
Group CEO & Managing Director
MESSAGE FROM THE LEADERS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

CONTENTS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
CONTENTS
CHAIRMAN S

MESSAGE
GROUP CEO &

MD S MESSAGE
PERFORMANCE

HIGHLIGHTS
GROUP

OVERVIEW

THE MAHINDRA GROUP

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

GROUP EXECUTIVE BOARD

AWARDS & ACCOLADES
RISE TO

CREATE VALUE

GROUP STRATEGIC OVERVIEW

Risk Management

OPPORTUNITIES & OUTLOOK
GROUP

VALUE CREATION

MODEL
RISE TO BE

FUTURE-READY

MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES

DIGITAL & AI CAPABILITIES

NEW PRODUCTS & MILESTONES
RISE FOR A MORE

EQUAL WORLD

ESG STRATEGY

PEOPLE & CULTURE

SOCIAL IMPACT
CORPORATE

INFORMATION
STATUTORY

REPORTS

BOARD S REPORT

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND

ANALYSIS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

STANDALONE ACCOUNTS

CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS
Announcement
In FY17, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. embarked on the journey
towards Integrated Reporting in keeping with the
commitment to transparency and the highest standards of
corporate governance. Since then, our reporting structure
has continued to evolve. While staying true to the principles
of the IFRS Foundation s International Integrated Reporting
<IR> Framework, we have enhanced the format, clarity, and
accessibility of the report to offer a more reader-friendly
and connected experience.
Integrated Reporting takes corporate disclosures beyond
financial performance. IT recognises that sustainable value
creation relies on multiple interconnected resources.
ABOUT
THE REPORT
Integrated Report <IR>
We believe value creation is not limited to financial
performance but is about delivering sustained outcomes for
all stakeholders. This Integrated Report outlines how we
generate, preserve, and grow value by strategically
managing financial and non-financial capital.
We remain committed to the principles of integrated
reporting, mapping the relationships between inputs,
value-creating activities, outputs, and outcomes across six
capitals: Financial, Manufactured, Intellectual, Human, Social
and Relationship, and Natural.
The detailed Statutory Statements and Financial Reports
are also part of this document and are in line with the
requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the
Rules made thereunder), Indian Accounting Standards,
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the
applicable Secretarial Standards. This report draws
reference from internationally recognised frameworks such
as the Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework, GRI Standards,
and SEBI BRSR guidelines.
The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report which
forms a part of this Integrated Report is aligned with the
nine principles of the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct (NGRBC), as articulated by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs.
Please note that certain statements in this report with
regard to our future growth prospects are forward-looking
statements, which involve a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those in such forward-looking statements.
Throughout the Report, the terms Mahindra , Mahindra &
Mahindra , M&M , and M&M Ltd. are used interchangeably to
refer to Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.
Scope of the Report
The reporting period of the Integrated Report is from
1st April 2025 to 31st March 2026.
The scope covers Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. s Automotive
and Farm Equipment Sectors. In addition, this report
includes performance highlights and strategic insights from
Mahindra Group businesses - a diversified portfolio
spanning multiple industries and geographies. Together,
they reflect the scale and depth of the Mahindra Group.
Through an integrated lens, this report offers a holistic view
of how the Group creates and sustains value - for its
businesses, its stakeholders, and the wider communities IT
serves.
IT presents a cohesive and balanced account of our
performance, strategic priorities, and our ability to create
long-term value across six interconnected capitals.
A visual value creation model, backed by key performance
indicators (KPIs), brings these connections to life.
This report outlines how Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. and
Mahindra Group create value by managing the interplay
between these six capitals: Financial, Manufactured,
Intellectual, Human, Social & Relationship, and Natural.
This year s report is shaped by the theme Acceleration in
Uncertainty , which reflects our commitment to moving
decisively and boldly even in a rapidly changing world,
harnessing disruption as an opportunity and leading with
resilience and purpose.
For any other information, please visit
Financial
Manufactured
Intellectual
Human
Social &
Relationship
Natural

PERFORMANCE
HIGHLIGHTS
FINANCIAL | FY26
M&M CONSOLIDATED
₹1,98,639 crore
25% increase over FY25
PAT
₹17,099 crore
32% increase over FY25
Return on Equity (%)
Earnings Per Share (₹)
FY19
FY20
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
FY21^
FY19
FY20
FY22
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
FY21^
4%
20%
57% CAGR
^Considering continuing and discontinued operations
M&M STANDALONE
₹1,47,765 crore
25% increase over FY25
PAT
₹15,639 crore
32% increase over FY25
Tractor
Market share
43.6%
30 bps increase YoY
E-SUV
Revenue market share
37.4%
Penetration at 9.6% (Q4 FY26)
Mahindra
Finance
AUM (₹ crore)
1,34,096
12% increase YoY
Mahindra
Logistics
Revenue (₹ crore)
6,999
15% increase YoY
SUV
Revenue market share
25.3%
260 bps increase YoY
Electric
3. Wheelers
Market share#
40.0%
1 lakh+ EV volume (3W + 4W)
Tech
Mahindra
EBIT Margin
12.6%
290 bps increase YoY
Mahindra
Holidays
Gross Addition of Keys
~900
81% occupancy
(<3.5T*)
Market share
52.3%
60 bps increase YoY
Trucks
& Buses
MTB Division + SML market share
6.0%
SML acquisition completed
Mahindra
Lifespaces
GDV Addition (₹ crore)
18,060
Cumulative GDV > ₹45k crore
Mahindra
Susten
Commissioned Capacity (MWp)
~6.4 GWp of total connectivity
secured
*Bolero Max Pickup 2T is classified under LCV 2-3.5T; includes Jeeto sold by MLMML
#As per SIAM
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS | FY26
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

THE MAHINDRA
GROUP
Beginning its journey in steel trading over eight decades
ago, the Mahindra Group has evolved into a dynamic
federation of companies, marking its presence across the
world. IT offers a wide range of products, services and
solutions across industries under three key segments -
Auto, Farm and Services.
The Mahindra Group is one of India s largest and most
admired multinational organisations. The Group s businesses
span sectors that cover 70% of India s GDP with leadership
positions in auto and farm, growing salience in IT and
financial services, and a meaningful presence in renewable
energy, hospitality, logistics and real estate.
In FY26, the Group expanded its commercial vehicle
portfolio with the acquisition of SML Isuzu Ltd., leading to a
broader product range of buses and trucks. IT also entered
the life insurance segment through a 50:50 joint venture
with Manulife in November 2025.
Over the years, the Group has realigned its strategy by
keeping sustainability at the heart of its businesses.
MAHINDRA &
MAHINDRA LTD.
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. is the flagship Company of the
Mahindra Group. Our core business is mobility products and
farm solutions. Since assembling our first vehicle in 1947,
we have grown rapidly.
Today, we offer a wide range of products and solutions
ranging from SUVs, pick-ups, commercial vehicles and
tractors to farm machinery, gensets and construction
equipment. The Company holds a leadership position in
SUVs by revenue market share, tractors and light
commercial vehicles (<3.5T) in India.
Over the past decade, our patent portfolio grew 20x -
from 56 patents granted in FY16 to 1,334 in FY26.
Conversion ratio of applications to patents stood at 8% in
FY16 and has improved to 65%+ for the applications filed
over this period.
The growing patent portfolio reflects the Company s focus
on innovation and R&D capabilities, and reaffirms its
unwavering commitment to the Make in India initiative.
The Group has been at the forefront of India s shift to
electric mobility in three-wheelers and four-wheelers.
Across renewable energy plants (solar and hybrid),
hospitality, logistics and sustainable living, Mahindra Group
continues to reinvent itself for a changing world while
staying rooted in its core values and purpose. Guided by its
Rise philosophy, the Group works to make a positive
difference to the communities IT serves and plays a
leadership role in climate change, women s empowerment,
and education.
A reflection of Mahindra Group s vision
Chairman, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, spelt out his vision for the
Group back in 2011, to be one among the Top 50 most
admired brands in the world . Today, this vision stands
validated, powered by its people and driven by collective
purpose - Mahindra Group ranked #44 in TIME World s top
50 Best Companies 2026 and was also named the
Outstanding Company of The Year at the CNBC-TV18 s India
Business Leadership Awards 2026.
GROUP
OVERVIEW
GROUP OVERVIEW | The Mahindra Group
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Over eighty years ago, the Mahindra Group was built on guiding Values and Behaviours that shaped its journey into one of India s
most admired companies. These Values and Behaviours continue to define our culture through the choices we make and actions we
take every day. As the world evolves, these principles remain relevant, and in 2026, they were rephrased to better align with the
changing ecosystem.
Our Values
Our Behaviours
*Including revenue of Tech Mahindra
World s Largest
Tractor Company by Volume
India s No. 1
Tractor Company
India s No. 1
SUV Company by Revenue Market Share
India s No. 1
E-SUV and E-PV Company by
Revenue Market Share
India s No. 1
< 3.5T Light Commercial Vehicles Company
India s No. 1
Electric 3 Wheeler Company
India s 3rd Largest
ILCV Buses Player
Leading
Global IT Services Provider
Leading
Financial Services Provider
in Rural & Semi-urban Markets
India s No. 1
Vacation Ownership
Brand
India s No. 1
3PL Provider
India s No. 1
Organised Auto Recycler
India s No. 1
Used Car Enterprise Services
India s No. 2
Genset Provider
CULTURE = VALUES X BEHAVIOURS... SEEN IN EVERY CHOICE, EVERY ACTION, EVERY DAY.
BEHAVIOURS - Collaborative | Agile | Bold
VALUES - Integrity | Quality | Care
PURPOSE
Drive positive change in the lives of our communities.
Only when we enable others to rise will we rise.
#TogetherWeRise
RISE FOR A
MORE EQUAL
WORLD
Climate Change
Inclusion
Ethics
RISE TO BE
FUTURE-
READY
Customer Focused
Technology
Innovation
RISE TO
CREATE
VALUE
Entrepreneurship
Scale
Impact
GROUP
SNAPSHOT
Years of excellence
GROUP OVERVIEW | The Mahindra Group
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
100+
Countries
327k+
Number of Employees
2.6 lakh
Group Turnover* (₹ crore)
COLLABORATIVE
Collaborative is helping each other
and working as one team, always
placing company ahead of self.
AGILE
Agile is to prioritize with
clarity and act with speed.
BOLD
Bold is to think big, set ambitious
yet achievable goals and deliver
what we promise.
INTEGRITY
Is the steadfast commitment
to do what is right.
IT is the courage to uphold principles when
no one is watching, and the conviction to
choose honesty over convenience.
QUALITY
Is the pursuit of excellence
in every detail.
IT is about ensuring that every action,
every product, and every experience
reflects our promise to do things well.
CARE
Is the heart of who we are.
IT begins with dignity of our people,
extends to respect for our customers,
and finds its purpose in serving our
communities.

20+ INDUSTRIES
Mahindra Group operates in key industries that form the foundation of every modern economy. The industries in which we are
transforming lives and shaping the contemporary world through our presence have been outlined below:
Auto
Farm
Services
SUVs
LCVs
Last Mile Mobility
Iconic Motorcycles
Trucks & Buses
Tractors
Farm Machinery
Financial Services
Aerospace
Hospitality
Renewable Energy
Real Estate
Auto & Energy
Components
Pre-Owned Cars
Auto Recycling
Logistics
Technology
For more information about our Core Values, please refer to our corporate website:
https://www.mahindra.com/about-mahindra-company
Genset Manufacturing
Agri
Services
Supply Chain
Solutions
GROUP OVERVIEW | The Mahindra Group
Advanced
Technologies
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
As of 5th May 2026
THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS
Top Row (L to R)
MR. RANJAN
PANT
Non-Executive
Non-Independent
Director
Middle Row (L to R)
DR. ANISH
SHAH
Group CEO &
Managing Director
Bottom Row (L to R)
MS. SHIKHA
SHARMA
Lead Independent
Director
MR. ANAND G.
MAHINDRA
Chairman
MR. RAJESH
JEJURIKAR
Executive Director &
CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)
MS. PADMASREE
WARRIOR
Independent
Director
MR. SAT PAL
BHANOO
Non-Executive
Non-Independent Director
(Nominee of LIC of India)

MR. M.P. VIJAY
KUMAR
Independent
Director
MR. MUTHIAH
MURUGAPPAN
Independent
Director
MS. SAMINA
HAMIED
Independent
Director
MS. NISABA
GODREJ
Independent
Director

GROUP OVERVIEW | Group Executive Board
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
GROUP EXECUTIVE
BOARD
MR. PUNEET
RENJHEN
Group Chief Partnerships
& Alliances Officer
MR. HARISH
CHAVAN
Chief Purchase Officer,
Auto and Farm Sector
MR. VINOD
SAHAY
President, Mahindra Aerospace,
Advanced Technologies, and
Trucks & Buses
MR. PARAG
RAO
Growth Leader
for Financial Services
MR. AMIT KUMAR
SINHA
Mahindra Lifespaces
MR. MOHIT
JOSHI
Tech Mahindra
DR. ANISH
SHAH
Group CEO &
Managing Director
MR. R.
VELUSAMY
Automotive Business
MR. MOHIT
KAPOOR
Group Chief
Technology Officer
MR. MANOJ
BHAT
Mahindra Holidays
MR. VEEJAY RAM
NAKRA
Farm Equipment Business
MS. ABANTI
SANKARANARAYANAN
Group Chief
Public Affairs Officer
MR. AMARJYOTI
BARUA
Group Chief
Financial Officer
MR. RAJESH
JEJURIKAR
Executive Director &
CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)
MR. ANAND G.
MAHINDRA
Chairman
MR. HEMANT
SIKKA
Mahindra Logistics
MR. ROHIT
THAKUR
Group Chief Human
Resources Officer
MR. RAUL
REBELLO
Mahindra Finance
MR. NAVEEN
RAJU
Group General Counsel
MR. RAJEEV
GOYAL
CEO, Agri &
New Energy Businesses
MR. LAKSHMANAN
CHIDAMBARAM
Bristlecone
As of 5th May 2026
Top Row
(L to R)
Middle Row
(L to R)
Bottom Row
(L to R)

AWARDS &
ACCOLADES
In 2011, Mahindra & Mahindra backed its belief with an ambition to be one among the top 50 most admired brands in the world.
Today, that belief stands validated. Powered by our people and driven by purpose, we are proud to announce that M&M is ranked
#44 in TIME World s top 50 Best Companies.
Mahindra also ranked #5 on the TIME-Statista Asia-Pacific Best Companies 2026 list and was recognised in TIME s World's Most
Sustainable Companies List 2025, second time running.
GROUP OVERVIEW | Awards & Accolades
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Named the Outstanding Company of The Year at the
India Business Leadership Awards 2026.

Recognised in the Leadership Category by
Institutional Investor Advisory Services for its strong
corporate governance practices.

Received the Golden Peacock Global Award for
Excellence in Corporate Governance 2025.

Dun & Bradstreet honoured Mahindra as India s Value
Creator 2025 in the Automobiles sector, emphasising
the company s significant contributions to market
value.

Business Today further lauded Mahindra with two
prestigious awards: Best Auto OEM and Best
Disclosures & Transparency Leader of the Year.
Sustainability Awards - Corporate

The company secured the Industry Leadership
position in the DJSI World Index 2025 as the
top-scoring global leaders in the Automobile and IT
industry respectively (Top 1% globally); received 'A'
ratings (highest) by CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) in
Climate (Top 5% globally) (M&M and TechM).

Mahindra Group selected as part of World Economic
Forum s (WEF s) global strategic advisory body on
sustainability (12 companies globally out of 200+ large
MNCs in WEF).

Received multiple APAC climate and sustainability
leadership recognitions, including Financial Times,
Deloitte-Rainmatter, GlobeScan-ERM, Business World,
Business Today, Times of India, and global showcases &
collaborations with WBCSD, World Economic Forum,
Economist Impact, COP30, Business for Nature.
CSR Awards - Corporate

Received the ET Now Champions of CSR Award for
outstanding contribution; Golden Peacock Award for
Corporate Social Responsibility and The Brandon
Hall Silver Award for Best Corporate Outreach to
Promote DEI and Belonging in Communities Category
to Mahindra ITI Auto Skills.

SIAM CSR Award in Road Safety and Education
Category and the SIAM CSR Award 2026 in Skill
Development and Employability Category.

Project Nanhi Kali received the Grassroots Sports
Initiative of the Year, 2025 by the 3rd CII Sports
Business Awards and the Sports for Social Good at
the Sportstar Aces Awards.
Auto

With 26 distinguished awards for
its eSUV duo - XEV 9e and BE 6,
this year has been spectacular for
Mahindra Electric Automobile
Limited - the XEV 9e alone
garnered 19 awards, including
the esteemed Green Car of
the Year award from India Car
of the Year 2026. The BE 6
secured 7 awards in various
categories such as Design of the
Year, Enthusiast EV of the Year.

Mahindra Auto was also honoured
with 8 Manufacturer of the Year
titles. Additionally, the Mahindra
Veero CNG was recognised as
the Debutant CV of the Year
at the Apollo CV Awards 2025,
further adding to the company's
growing list of accolades.
Employee Satisfaction | Financial Performance | Sustainability (ESG)
#44
TIME World s top 50
Best Companies
#5
TIME-Statista Asia-Pacific
Best Companies 2026

GROUP OVERVIEW | Awards & Accolades
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Farm

The Novo 605PS and Novo 655
DI PP won the ITOTY Best 4WD
tractor of the year and ITOTY
Best tractor above 50 HP
respectively while Mahindra
OJA took home the ITOTY
Orchard Tractor of the year.

Mahindra Tractors was named
the ITOTY Tractor Manufacturer
of the Year.

The Naya Swaraj series received the ITOTY Launch of
the year. Trakstar 525 won the Best tractor between
21-30 HP; Mahindra Dhartimitra the Straw Reaper of
the Year and Mitra Airotec Turbo Alpha 600L the
Sprayer of the Year at the ITOTY Awards.
Tech Mahindra

Tech Mahindra was recognised
as the Best Organisations to
Work for 2025 and Most
Innovative Organisations
for 2025 respectively by
ET NOW Best Organisations
to Work 2025 and ET NOW
Most Innovative Organisations
2025.

Recognised as India s Most Sustainable Company in
the IT category and ranked 2nd overall among the Top
60 companies in India by BW Sustainability World at
the 8th Sustainable World Conclave.

Placed amongst India s Most Trusted Companies
2025 by VAR India and ET NOW s Best Brands 2025.
Mahindra Finance

Won the Best Data Quality Award by TransUnion
CIBIL.

Received the Excellence in Financial Reporting at the
ICAI Awards.
Mahindra Lifespaces

Mahindra Lifespaces won the ET Now Best Realty
Brands 2025 South Edition.

Further, Mahindra Eden won the Green Project of the
Year - Residential by Construction Week India Awards
2025 and Mahindra World City, Jaipur won the FICCI
Sustainable Development Leadership - Jury Award
at the Swachh Industrial Park Awards 2025.
Mahindra Last Mile Mobility

Won the 3W of the Year at the Apollo CV Awards held
by CV Magazine, and Excellence in 3W EV by
Entrepreneur India.
Mahindra Holidays

3 resorts - Club Mahindra Madikeri, Club Mahindra
Derby Green, Ooty and Club Mahindra Assonora
received the Indian Green Building Council Platinum
Certification.

18. Club Mahindra resorts received the Trip Advisor
Travellers Choice Award and 32 resorts received the
RCI Gold Crown Award 2025.
Mahindra Accelo

Mahindra MSTC Recycling Pvt. Ltd.
received the Top Performer -
Vehicle Dismantling Volume
at the International Material
Recycling Conference 2026
and was named India s Top
Recycling Champions in ELV
segment at the Bharat Recycling
Show 2025 for automotive recycling.
Mahindra Susten

Received the Pioneer in Energy Transformation -
Energy Brand at the ET Edge Global Sustainability
Alliance.
Mahindra Truck and Bus

At the Apollo CV Awards this year, Mahindra Group s
Truck & Bus business secured three accolades.
Mahindra Truck and Bus Division won the Construction
CV Application of the Year for the Blazo 28T Transit
Mixer; SML Mahindra received the Staff Bus of the
Year for the Hiroi Bus and GS Ambulance won the
Special Application Vehicle of the Year.
Classic Legends

Received Bike Design of the Year 2026 at the
Car&Bike Awards 2026. Named Best 350CC
motorcycle at Zee Auto Summit 2025.
Mahindra Logistics

Received industry recognition from Renault Group and
Amazon for Outstanding peak-season performance
CY 26 and Best Quality Delivery Service Partner in
North India respectively.

Also, secured First place for East and South during
Flipkart s Big Billion Day sale for strong execution,
operational excellence, and scale.
Mahindra Aerostructures

Mahindra Aerostructures was
named one of the top four
most advanced manufacturing
sites globally under the Aero
Excellence International
programme. IT is the only
company in India and best
outside of Europe to receive
this honour.

The company also retained Airbus SQIP Accredited
ratings and started its third cycle of collaborative
improvements.

Mahindra Group s businesses play at the core of India's
growth story. Built on strong fundamentals and powered by
structural tailwinds, they are well-positioned to accelerate
and deliver sustained value.
The Group's journey over the past 6 years has been shaped
by three distinct phases of evolution.

Phase 1 - Disciplined Capital Allocation (FY21)
We adopted an objective approach to evaluate our
portfolio, identifying businesses with a clear right to
win and a credible path to long-term value creation.
Businesses that did not meet the bar were exited. The
Group refocused its strategy on three sets of
businesses - strong market leaders in Auto and Farm,
large businesses like Mahindra Finance and Tech
Mahindra that needed to lift their operating
performance, and a set of high-potential businesses,
called the Growth Gems.
Our core businesses in Automotive and Farm sectors are
well-established market leaders, backed by scale and
consistently strong execution. We aim to consolidate this
leadership through customer centric brands anchored in
innovation and guided by a bold global vision. We are
building a high-quality, long-term value creation engine that
delivers compelling growth at scale.

Phase 2 - Pivot to Growth (FY22-FY24)
This phase was marked by laying out a clear strategic
roadmap for the 3 sets of businesses.

Capitalize on market leadership in Auto and Farm

Achieve full potential for Mahindra Finance and
Tech Mahindra

Scale up the Growth Gems rapidly

Phase 3 - Deliver Scale (FY25 onwards)
This three-pronged approach set the stage for bold,
innovation-led growth, designed to build resilient
businesses. FY26 was marked by strong execution and
breakthrough performance across Group businesses.
We reported 25% revenue growth over FY25, 20%
ROE, and an EPS of ₹152 (57% CAGR since FY21),
despite geopolitical headwinds & disruptions.
In February 2026, we announced our largest ever
integrated manufacturing facility in Nagpur with an
investment of ₹15,000 crore over ten years. This is a
significant step forward in our manufacturing journey,
reinforcing our commitment to Make in India for the World .
Once fully operational, the facility will have an annual
production capacity of over 5 lakh vehicles and 1 lakh
tractors.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview
RISE TO
CREATE VALUE
As geopolitical uncertainties rise and global trade dynamics
evolve, India continues to demonstrate remarkable
economic resilience and momentum. According to the latest
provisional estimates from MoSPI, Real GDP is estimated to
reach ₹323 lakh crore in FY26, growing at 7.7% compared
to 7.1% in FY25. Nominal GDP is estimated at ₹346 lakh
crore, reflecting an annual growth of 8.9%. This trajectory is
underpinned by three powerful and interconnected pillars.
First is India s young, consumption-driven demography.
With a median age of just 28.8 years#, India has one of the
youngest and most dynamic workforces in the world. This
workforce will continue to expand until 2055. India's per
capita GDP has grown 1.7x since 2016 and is expected to
continue its rapid growth. Affluent and elite households are
projected to exceed 90 million by 2030##. The recent GST
rationalisation has further boosted domestic demand as a
powerful engine of sustained economic expansion.
Second is a significant step up in physical and digital
infrastructure. Over the last 12 years, the number of
airports has more than doubled, port handling capacity has
grown 1.8x, electrified rail network has tripled, and
high-speed corridors have expanded tenfold.
India accounts for nearly half of all real-time payment
transactions globally. This is enabling financial inclusion at
scale, supported by over 1.4 billion Aadhaar-linked
identities.
Third is a robust reform agenda. Landmark policy reforms
such as GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code and a
sustained privatisation programme have raised the quality
and confidence of India s business environment. The
accelerating pace of Free Trade Agreements is a significant
dimension of the growth opportunity. The agreements with
the EU and the UK will sharpen the cost and quality
proposition for Indian businesses while opening preferential
access to some of the world's largest consumer markets.
India's Viksit Bharat ambition, to become a fully developed
nation by 2047, provides the multi-decadal policy anchor
that gives businesses the confidence to invest, innovate,
and scale.
Together, these forces place India s economy on a strong
footing. Despite near-term pressures, the momentum is firm
and the opportunity ahead is significant and growing.
Mahindra is present in sectors
driving 70% of India s growth.
Capitalize
on Market
Leadership
Achieve
Full
Potential
Capitalize on Market Leadership
GROUP STRATEGIC
OVERVIEW
SUVs
E-SUVs
LCVs
Tractors
GDP of India
Annual GDP Estimates (in ₹ lakh crore) and Growth Rates (%) at Constant Prices
2024-25*
2025-26**
7.2%
7.1%
7.7%
Scale Up
Growth Gems
*First revised estimates and **Provisional estimates
Source: Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation (MoSPI)
#Source: UN Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
##Source: BCG Analysis on CCI Income Database; Household income more
than ₹9 lakh per annum

Auto
The automobile industry is a vital engine of India s economic
growth, contributing 7-7.5% to national GDP and a key
pillar of the Viksit Bharat 2047 mission. The industry is
raising its standards continuously across performance,
safety and customer experience.

In FY26, passenger vehicle sales in India grew by 7.9%.
The structural migration of passenger vehicles towards
SUVs is one of the most defining trends of this decade.
Indian consumers increasingly favour SUVs for their
commanding road presence, higher seating positions,
and robust performance. Mahindra is at the forefront
of this shift. We consistently deliver category-creating
products that are bold, authentic, and stand out on
technology, performance, and safety. We remain the
largest SUV player by revenue and have become the
second-largest PV player in India by volume in FY26.

Mahindra is spearheading the shift to cleaner and more
sustainable mobility, as India s EV transition continues
to gather pace. Our E-SUVs are built from the ground
up to be electric, a testament to the home-grown
innovation built to compete on a global stage. They are
more than just cars; they are lifestyle vehicles, offering
the best in design, technology, and performance. In
FY26, Mahindra emerged as India s No. 1 E-SUV player
by revenue market share. We are also strengthening
India s public EV charging infrastructure through the
Charge_iN ultrafast charging network, to accelerate
EV adoption.

After muted growth over FY24 and FY25, India s LCV
(<3.5T) industry grew by 9% in FY26. The industry is
poised to grow further, driven by four converging
tailwinds - replacement cycle boosted by GST
rationalisation, a preference shift towards comfort,
safety and technology features, a growing share of
organised trade, and accelerated infrastructure
build-out across the country. Mahindra has led the
<3.5T segment for over a decade with FY26
reinforcing that position.
Growth Vectors
SUVs

Authentic, Adventure-Ready Products: We continue
to build category-defining SUVs anchored in Mahindra's
core DNA, across 4G and monocoque platforms,
powered by NU_IQ and INGLO, and democratised
through MAIA and Adrenox technology.

Build on Brand DNA: We are doubling down on the
spirit of exploration, head-turning designs, and an
unmissable presence that has made Mahindra SUVs a
distinct, aspirational choice in the market.

Go Global: Calibrated, phased global expansion is a key
driver of our growth aspirations.
LCVs

Best-in-Class TCO: Superior payloads, fuel efficiency
and resale value make a compelling ownership
proposition for customers.

LCV for Every Application: We are meeting diverse
customer needs with a full-spectrum portfolio across
logistics, agriculture, MSMEs and last-mile delivery,
future-proofed by multi-energy platforms.

Customer Centricity: 80%+ rural penetration and a
deep service network ensure minimal downtime and a
trusted operating experience for customers.
New Product Launches

In FY26, we unveiled NU_IQ - an all-new, modular,
multi-energy platform for the next generation of
products. The platform offers flexibility to innovate
across multiple top hats and powertrains while staying
true to our SUV DNA.

FY26 had a series of high-impact launches - XUV 7XO,
XEV 9S, refreshed Bolero and Bolero Neo, and BE 6
Special Editions. The LCV portfolio added Bolero
Camper and Bolero Pikup refreshes.

The vehicle launches across SUVs, both ICE and
electric, and LCVs over recent years exemplify our
product and technology leadership.
Capacity: Building for Growth

With a robust demand for our models and new
products in the pipeline, we continue to expand
capacity in a deliberate and phased manner.

In FY26, we added capacity for ICE and electric SUVs
taking the total operational exit capacity to 64.5k
units per month. This is being scaled up further as part
of debottlenecking and adding capacity for new
products.

Additionally, NU_IQ capacity is being created at
Chakan, which will be operational in phases by FY28.

Production at the greenfield plant at Nagpur is
planned to start in 2028.
Key Highlights
E-SUVs

We made substantial progress on the electric SUV
roadmap in FY26, establishing Mahindra as India s No. 1
E-SUV player by revenue market share.

EV penetration within our SUV portfolio reached 9.6%
in Q4 FY26.

E-SUVs achieved positive margins in their first full year
of operations, with an end-to-end (including contract
manufacturing) EBITDA margin of 9.1% and EBIT
margin of 2.0%.
International operations

We consolidated our position as a Top 10 automotive
OEM in South Africa. The Australia business recorded
strong growth supported by the successful
introduction of the XUV3XO.

We won our largest ever export order - 35,000 units
of Scorpio Pikup to an Indonesian state-owned
enterprise.

We became India s 5th largest auto exporter (PV + CV).
FY26 Achievements
25.3%
No. 1 in SUVs by revenue
market share, up 260 bps
NU_IQ
One Platform.
Many Possibilities.
The new NU_IQ architecture ushers in the next chapter of
intelligent mobility, blending innovation, global design and
advanced technology. With its modular, multi-energy
architecture, IT gives flexibility to innovate across multiple
powertrains.
This bold engineering furthers Mahindra s vision of
delivering class-leading SUVs to a larger audience in India,
while redefining the premium SUV experience in global
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview
52.3%
No. 1 in LCV <3.5T,
up 60 bps
37.4%
No. 1 in E-SUVs by revenue
market share
10.4%
EBIT % excluding E-SUV contract
manufacturing, up 70 bps

Farm Product Highlights
In FY26, the business launched two significant product
upgrades - strengthening Mahindra's core portfolio and
bringing a new modular transmission line to the Swaraj
PRO-TEK range.

Mahindra - New
Tractor Range
Mahindra is upgrading nearly half of its 31-50 HP portfolio
with a new range built for harder work and improved
operator comfort. The range is characterised by a tough,
muscular design, enhanced ergonomics and an upgraded
engine that delivers best-in-class backup torque. Farmers
also get more choice across multiple configurations. During
FY26, the 41-50 HP range was launched across seven
states, pan-India coverage will follow in 2026.
Swaraj - PRO-TEK
Swaraj PRO-TEK raises the bar on performance by
delivering higher productivity and unmatched comfort. At
its heart is a new modular transmission line, designed to
boost productivity with best-in-class load-carrying
capability, gear shifting comfort, and better ergonomics.
Successfully launched in Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan,
PRO-TEK will roll out pan-India in FY27.
Farm
India's tractor industry anchors the rural economy and
remains central to the country's agricultural
transformation. With nearly half of India's workforce
dependent on agriculture, mechanisation has become
essential for improving productivity and unlocking rural
prosperity. India s growing focus on achieving food
self-sufficiency and strengthening agricultural output
provides significant headroom for the industry to grow.
In FY26, industry volume grew 23%, supported by one of
the most robust demand environments in recent years. This
was enabled by a favourable monsoon, healthy reservoir
levels, positive terms of trade, minimum support prices and
GST rationalisation. FY26 was a significant year for our
Farm business, marked by robust volume growth and
best-in-class operating performance.
We achieved our highest ever domestic market share of
43.6%, reinforcing our leadership through sustained
strength of our core brands - Mahindra and Swaraj. We are
further strengthening our leadership through product
innovation, capacity enhancements, superior service quality
and disciplined supply chain optimisation.
Our strategy is defined by the aspiration to transform
farmers' lives globally by democratising technology,
anchored in four growth vectors.
Growth Vectors

Fortifying domestic leadership through a strong
portfolio of products, channel expansion and a
continued focus on industry-leading profitability. In
FY27, we have planned 7 new product launches and
12 feature upgrades.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview

Scaling international operations with a sharp focus
on priority markets where we see a clear path to
sustainable, profitable growth.

Growing Farm Machinery through investments in
product development, channel efficiency and brand
building. Farm Machinery revenues grew 32% in FY26
to ₹1,354 crore and is an important growth engine for
the business.

Shaping the future of farm technology through
investments in advanced systems, digital solutions and
collaborative platforms that enhance precision,
productivity and comfort. This ensures we remain at
the forefront of agricultural innovation and deliver
next-generation solutions to farmers.
Key Highlights

In line with our capital allocation discipline, we
undertook three decisive actions across our
international farm portfolio in FY26. These were
targeted at markets with structural weaknesses and
an unclear path to profitability.

The sale of Sampo Rosenlew (Finland) was
concluded in FY26.

Liquidation was announced for MAM Japan under
Japanese law, with wind-down planned over FY27.

The sale of Erkunt Foundry (Turkey) has been
announced with completion expected in FY27.
These actions are aimed at improving profitability of our
international operations going forward.

We continue to stay invested and steadily build market
share in strategic markets.

North America: Market share in <110 HP
segment grew to 6.3% in FY26, up from 6.0% in
FY25 despite slowdown in the industry. We are
ranked No. 3 with a strong brand in hobby
farming.

Brazil: Our market share in FY26 was at 6.6% in
<120 HP segment. We have a strong <50 HP
portfolio with growing acceptance in 70-90 HP.

Turkey: Market share improved to 5.8% in FY26
from 5.5% in FY25 despite industry contracting
due to hyperinflation and financing constraints.
We are the No. 5 player with a strong product
suite.
FY26 Achievements
43.6%
Highest ever market share and remained the
market leader for the 43rd consecutive year.
20.8%
Core tractor EBIT margins, up 110 bps.
Tractors including exports and excluding Powerol, Farm
Machinery
19.8%
Standalone EBIT margins, up 140 bps.
1,354 crore
Farm machinery revenue, up 32%

Tech Mahindra
Tech Mahindra (Tech Mahindra Limited or TechM) is a global
consulting service and system integrator with a
transformation footprint across a wide range of industries.
IT is a preferred technology provider for clients and
partners due to its ability to integrate diverse competencies
with next-generation technologies across multiple service
lines.
In April 2024, TechM unveiled a structured three year
transformation plan aimed at accelerating growth,
improving margins, and strengthening its market position.
Two years into execution, the plan is delivering steady and
measurable progress.
This is reflected in ten consecutive quarters of margin
expansion, a five year high in quarterly deal wins, and
consistent progress towards achieving revenue growth
above the peer average. This progress has been driven by
disciplined large deals execution, deeper client relationships,
and differentiated AI-led capabilities.
By the end of FY27, TechM targets revenue growth ahead
of the peer average, an EBIT margin of 15%, ROCE
exceeding 30%, and maintaining capital returns to
shareholders at over 85% of FCF.
Growth Vectors

Growth Strategy - Topline Acceleration
The focus is on building a balanced and future-ready
portfolio across industries, services, and markets.
TechM has strengthened its core verticals of
Communications, Manufacturing and BFSI, while
expanding into high-growth areas through new client
wins and differentiated offerings. This is driven by a
focused go-to-market approach, disciplined large deals
scale-up, and deepening relationships with top clients
using targeted programmes like Turbocharge.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview
Mahindra Finance and Tech Mahindra are advancing through
their disciplined transformation paths. Mahindra Finance has
successfully completed the first phase of its turnaround,
while Tech Mahindra is steadily progressing towards its
FY27 ambitions.
Both businesses have sharpened their focus, rebuilt
execution rigour and strengthened organisational
structures, laying a strong foundation for disciplined
Mahindra Finance
Mahindra Finance (Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services
Limited or MMFSL) has reinforced its position as one of
India s leading NBFCs with a deep presence established
across rural and semi-urban India.
As part of its turnaround journey, the business has rebuilt
its operating model with a sharper customer segmentation,
greater underwriting discipline and stronger credit
practices. Investments in data, digital, and AI have
transformed how MMFSL sources, underwrites, disburses,
and collects, giving the organisation confidence in the
long-term strength of its model.
These efforts have resulted in a sustained improvement in
asset quality with GS3 maintained below 4% throughout
the past two years, while delivering steady growth.
In FY26, AUM grew 12% YoY and RoA reached 2.0%. With a
strong foundation built upon controls and technology,
MMFSL aspires to grow its AUM 5x this decade.
Growth Vectors

Maintain risk discipline to ensure asset quality stays
resilient across cycles. Strengthen collection
capabilities with digital tools, predictive analytics, and
early warning systems.

Defend and grow leadership in vehicle financing.
MMFSL is deepening relationships with OEMs to anchor
this leadership over the long term.

Diversify by scaling mortgages, SME lending, leasing
by leveraging ecosystem partnerships / cross-selling to
drive fee income.

Build a resilient operating model which is efficient and
digitalised with future-fit controls. Strengthen balance
sheet resilience to support the next phase of
expansion.
Key Highlights

Tractor disbursements up 49% YoY.

Cross-sell strategy improved Products Per Customer
to 2.4.

₹31,500 crore disbursed through Udaan digital stack
in FY26.

The SamurAI agent has been deployed on 20% of the
business, achieving 80% faster post-sanction
turnaround time (TAT).
FY26 Achievements
1,34,096 crore
AUM, up 12%
3.4%
GS3
GS2 + GS3 stood at 8.2%, lowest in 8 years
100%
Onboarding and collections
through Digital & AI
Achieve Full Potential

Operations Strategy - Margin Improvement &
Delivery Excellence
TechM is leveraging AI and automation to enhance
productivity and margins, supported by disciplined
execution. A focus on high margin service lines and
robust capabilities unlock margin performance and
improved delivery outcomes.

Organisation Strategy
TechM leverages partnerships within the Mahindra
Group to drive co-creation and unlock expansion
opportunities. IT continues to invest in strengthening
the talent pipeline and leadership capabilities, while
fostering a people-first culture. A refreshed brand
positioning, an integrated marketing engine, and robust
ESG practices further support these efforts to enable
enhanced differentiation and sustainable growth.
Beyond FY27, TechM aspires to leverage this turnaround
and deliver profitable and sustainable growth that
consistently exceeds the peer average.
Key Highlights

TechM added 182 clients during the year and
deepened client relationships with 29 clients in the
$50+ million bracket.

Achieved the highest Net Promoter Score (NPS) in
industry, marking a turnaround from the near-median
NPS two years ago.

TechM unveiled a brand refresh during the year,
presenting a unified identity across all its portfolio

The business returned 91% of FCF as dividends to
shareholders in FY26.
FY26 Achievements
$3,794 million
Highest ever deal wins in the last five years
12.6%
EBIT margins with expansion of ~290 bps YoY
$616 million
Free cash flow (115% FCF to PAT)

Mahindra Logistics
Mahindra Logistics (Mahindra Logistics Limited or MLL) is
India's leading integrated logistics provider offering
customised, technology-enabled solutions for supply chain
management and mobility.
In FY26, MLL returned to profitability backed by disciplined
operational execution. IT is now structurally stronger and
positioned for sustained growth in India's fast-evolving
logistics ecosystem.
The business aspires to become the No. 1 logistics services
provider in India, doubling revenue over the next five years
from the FY26 base.
Growth Vectors

Contract Logistics Scale-Up: MLL is deepening
customer engagements across existing segments
through strong execution and new wins, while entering
new categories to improve business mix and
profitability.

Express Business Turnaround: The Express business
continues its recovery path, pushing into volumetric
segments while improving lane utilisation, network
coverage and service levels.

Operational Excellence: The business is driving
sustained improvements in reliability and delivery
performance, supported by standardised processes
and tighter cost controls.

Tech as a Differentiator: LogiOne, MLL's integrated
digital logistics platform, is enabling real-time visibility,
route optimisation and automated workflows across
sales, operations and customer engagement.
Growth Gems are businesses within the Group with a strong
potential to grow and scale. These twelve businesses have a
strong right to win in their sectors and deeply align with
India s growth story. They are scaling up to create significant
value and propel the Group s growth for decades to come.
Mahindra Lifespaces
Mahindra Lifespaces (Mahindra Lifespace Developers
Limited or MLDL) continues to build scale in the
mid-premium and premium residential markets while
reinforcing its commitment to integrate sustainability into
every aspect of its projects. With a focused presence across
three core markets and a strong Integrated Cities and
Industrial Clusters (IC&IC) platform, MLDL has made
significant progress on its growth roadmap. Cumulative GDV
addition has surpassed ₹45,000 crore, strengthening the
foundation for long-term growth.
As a pioneer in Net Zero homes in India, MLDL has achieved
multiple green and Net Zero certifications across its
portfolio.
MLDL aspires to rank among the Top 5 players across its
priority markets and has set out a vision to reach ₹10,000
crore of sales by FY30.
Growth Vectors

Focused Portfolio and Robust Business
Development Engine
Well-engineered portfolio choices centred on three
core markets and mid to premium offerings, supported
by a robust deal evaluation engine. The business
continues to secure high-quality projects, achieve
timely approvals and operate within strict financial
guardrails.

Best-in-class Customer Experience
MLDL is striving towards on-time delivery and
improved quality outcomes driven by a first-time right
approach. An elevated customer experience is also
central to this, enabled through customer centric
innovations, superior designs and sustainability
features.

IC&IC Momentum
The IC&IC business continues to perform well across
locations, monetising existing assets and contributing
to steady, capital efficient growth.

Financial Discipline and Future Readiness
MLDL continues its focus on capital efficiency with
prudent allocation and rigorous IRR tracking.
Key Highlights

MLDL partnered with Mitsui Fudosan Group, Japan s
largest residential developer. The development of
Mahindra Blossom, a premium residential project
located in Whitefield, Bengaluru, marks the first project
under this strategic partnership.

MLDL continues its focus on capital efficiency with a
strengthened balance sheet. The net debt-to-equity
ratio stood at -0.27 (cash surplus) as of 31st March
2026.

The business is deploying AI and computer vision to
raise quality assurance. Camera-based defect detection
piloted across the Mahindra Luminaire and Mahindra
Alcove projects has led to improved handover
readiness.
FY26 Achievements
18,060 crore
Gross Development Value additions, including Thane
4,118 crore
Consolidated Sales (Residential and IC&IC), up 25%
840 crore
Operating cash flow, as against ₹832 crore in FY25
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview
Scale Up Growth Gems
Key Highlights

In FY26, MLL returned to PAT profitability after two
years, marking structural improvements across
businesses.

The Express Business delivered positive gross margin
of 1.3% in FY26, led by network optimisation, yield
actions across customers, effective cost control and
focus on improving Network Service Levels.

Last Mile Delivery consolidated presence across
customers, exiting unviable businesses and
strengthening presence in high-potential areas.

Maintained scale for warehousing operations with
20+ million square feet of space under management,
while making significant progress in whitespace
reduction.

The business successfully completed a rights issue,
fortifying itself financially for the next phase of
FY26 Achievements
6,999 crore
Consolidated revenue,
up 15%
5,490 crore
Contract Logistics revenue,
up 16%
386 crore
Mobility revenue,
up 22%
449 crore
Express revenue,
up 25%

Mahindra Holidays
For almost three decades, Mahindra Holidays (Mahindra
Holidays & Resorts India Limited or MHRIL) has shaped how
Indian families holiday through high-quality destinations,
efficient resort operations and curated experiences.
Currently serving over 3 lakh members, MHRIL is poised to
grow alongside the rising aspirations of emerging India.
In FY26, MHRIL unveiled its bold aspiration to position itself
as India's No. 1 leisure hospitality player backed by a
two-brand strategy. This translates into doubling its
inventory base to 12,000 keys by FY30. Two powerful
vectors fuel this transformation.
Growth Vectors

Scaling the Core
MHRIL is accelerating inventory addition with a clear
path to 10,000 keys by FY30. The launch of Keystone
introduces a premium, concierge-led access
programme with simpler, more flexible membership
options designed to elevate the member journey.
Alongside this, the business is premiumising its resort
portfolio and has refreshed its identity to Club M,
signalling a more contemporary, aspirational and
experience-driven offering.

Building the New
MHRIL is expanding into the luxury leisure segment
through Mahindra Signature Resorts, a new brand
designed for families seeking immersive, sophisticated
holiday experiences. The business aims to scale this
luxury portfolio to 2,000 keys by FY30 as a
meaningful new pillar of growth.
Key Highlights

In line with the business long-term strategy, inventory
expansion accelerated with gross addition of ~900
keys.

The business rationalised its portfolio by exiting ~500
keys based on guest feedback/ratings.
Mahindra Susten
Mahindra Susten is the Group s renewable energy platform
and a leading renewable independent power producer,
driving India s renewable energy transition. Susten
exemplifies the Group s steadfast commitment to ESG
principles and delivering operational excellence.
Susten aspires to be a leading developer and manager of
high-quality renewable energy assets, growing its portfolio
5x this decade to 7.0 GWp by FY31.
Growth Vectors

High-quality Solar and Hybrid
In addition to solar projects, the business is enhancing
its competitive edge through capabilities in Hybrid
(solar and wind) and Round-the-Clock projects,
integrated with Energy Storage Solutions.

Connectivity and Land
This lays the foundation for Susten to scale further
and make inroads into emerging solutions such as
Battery Energy Storage Systems.

Efficient Structure
With a Build-flip model, the business has an efficient
capital structure, keeping the balance sheet light and
releasing capital to build the next tranche of assets.
Key Highlights

In FY26, Susten successfully commissioned solar
projects of 560 MWp for GUVNL and RUVITL, the state
discoms of Gujarat and Rajasthan respectively,
reinforcing its strong execution track record.

Under the group captive structure, Susten commenced
construction for two projects - one of Maharashtra s
first co-located solar plus wind projects and one of
Punjab s largest group captive solar projects.

FY26 Achievements
560. MWp
Commissioned capacity of solar projects

MHRIL s premiumisation strategy has started showing
results as the newly launched Keystone received
strong response, leading to robust growth in upgrades.
Average unit realisation including upgrades grew 77%
to reach ₹10.1 lakh.

The business transformed its Acacia Palms resort in
Goa into an all-women-run property, reinforcing its
commitment to inclusion and women empowerment.
FY26 Achievements
81%
Robust occupancy rate, supported by improved
availability after portfolio rationalisation.
6,228
Room inventory, up 6.5%
443 crore
Resort revenue, up 12%
3,03,906
Cumulative member base
Mahindra Last Mile Mobility
Mahindra Last Mile Mobility (LMM) is leading India s
electrification journey in three-wheelers (3W).
FY26 marked its fourth consecutive year as the No. 1
electric commercial vehicle manufacturer, powered by a
comprehensive portfolio across passenger and cargo
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview
With more than 3.4 lakh electric vehicles sold to date, LMM
remains the only commercial EV player to achieve this
scale. Adoption is accelerating sharply, with the most recent
one lakh units delivered in just 15 months.
The business is evolving beyond vehicles into a full-stack
last mile mobility ecosystem. Dedicated financing
partnerships, expanded charging access and structured
driver welfare programmes are strengthening customer
viability, all while deepening LMM s reach across semi-urban
and rural India.
LMM aspires to place one million EVs on Indian roads by
2031 and sustain its leadership in the electric commercial
vehicle category.
Growth Vectors

Electrification: A compelling total cost of ownership,
aided by strong policy support in E-3Ws, reinforces
LMM s ability to consolidate its category leadership.

Product Category Expansion: LMM continues to build
differentiated products and offerings backed by deep
understanding of customer requirements.

Scale Exports: LMM plans to scale up export potential
and grow to 10+ global markets.
Key Highlights

LMM became the first commercial manufacturer in
India to achieve 1 lakh EV sales in a single financial

Its portfolio completed 6+ billion e-kilometres
cumulatively, reducing ~240 kilo MT of carbon
emissions and supporting India s sustainability goals.

The Mahindra UDO, launched in February 2026,
marked a major platform upgrade, delivering 200+ km
in real-world range. IT has seen strong momentum
early on with 7,500+ units billed within two months.
FY26 Achievements
1,36,425
Total domestic volumes, up 26%
1,06,744
Domestic EV volumes, up 36%

Mahindra Aerostructures
Mahindra Aerostructures (Aero) manufactures metallic
parts and assemblies for leading global aerospace OEMs
and their major Tier 1 suppliers. The business has earned
sustained recognition for delivery, quality and execution
standards, establishing itself as a trusted partner for top
global OEMs.
Aero targets 12x revenue growth this decade and is on the
path to become one of the top 10 global aerostructures
suppliers.
Growth Vectors

The business is deepening its capabilities in machining,
complex assemblies and industrialisation to enable
participation in larger, higher-value work packages.

Ranked by Airbus as a Challenger among its top 21
global suppliers of detail parts and recognised by
Boeing as a Premier Bidder , the business is now at the
forefront of global sourcing opportunities.

Industry-leading delivery performance and rigorous
quality systems continue to differentiate Aero in a
sector where reliability is paramount.
Key Highlights

FY26 saw continued momentum in winning new
business with the order book now standing at
approximately $1.13 billion. The business secured the
second fuselage contract from Airbus Helicopters,
becoming the global sole-source for its two most
popular platforms - H130 and H125.

Retained Airbus D2P Challenger & Airbus SQIP
Accredited rankings and Boeing Premier Bidder
rating.

Ranked among top 4 in global Aero Excellence
assessments at Paris Air Show 2025, becoming the
only Indian and the highest-ranked non-European
company to do so.
Trucks & Buses
Mahindra s Trucks & Buses (MTB) business had a defining
year, marked by the strategic acquisition of a 58.97% stake
in SML Isuzu by M&M Ltd. The integration of SML has
doubled the combined market share of Mahindra Group in
trucks & buses to 6% and strengthened Mahindra s
presence across ILCV buses and ILCV trucks. The Trucks &
Buses business aspires to be a Top 3 player in India s ILCV
trucks and buses with a focused play in HCVs.
Growth Vectors

New and Differentiated Products
Portfolio depth powered by a wide range of
aggregates, advanced telematics, industry-best fluid
efficiency, next-gen cabins and in-house Bus Body
facility will enable differentiation and cost of
ownership advantages.

New Opportunities Unlock
Expanded network reach, along with platform and
aggregate sharing, will open access to new markets
and segments.

Synergy Benefits
The integration unlocks efficiencies across sourcing,
manufacturing, and distribution. Consolidated efforts in
R&D will result in a more competitive cost structure.
Key Highlights

Combined market share of 22.9% in ILCV buses,
achieving third position in the segment.

ILCV trucks grew 38% YoY with 7% market share,
significantly ahead of industry growth.
FY26 Achievements
31,464
MTB Division + SML volumes, including exports, up 15%
6.0%
MTB Division + SML combined market share
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Group Strategic Overview
Classic Legends
Launched in 2018, Classic Legends (CLPL) has been at the
forefront of reviving iconic motorcycle brands like Jawa,
Yezdi, and BSA. CLPL aspires to become a leading player in
the premium motorcycle segment in India and globally. The
focus is on new and distinctive product launches,
distribution expansion and scale up of exports in key
In FY26, CLPL revitalised the Yezdi portfolio with the launch
of the Yezdi Adventure Dual Headlamp and the new Yezdi
Roadster.
CLPL expanded its global portfolio by launching BSA
Bantam and Scrambler.
Bristlecone
Headquartered in San Jose, California, Bristlecone is
emerging as a high-growth digital supply chain partner,
delivering end-to-end transformation across planning,
sourcing and fulfilment for global enterprises. Under new
leadership, the business has strengthened its strategic
focus on SAP-led supply chain modernisation, AI-driven
solutions and high-value consulting.
Bristlecone is aiming to accelerate growth led by deeper
investments in AI and expansion in priority global markets.
This aspiration is well-aligned with its current growth
momentum and platform investments.
Mahindra Manulife Life
Insurance
Mahindra Manulife represents the next step in Mahindra s
ambition to deepen financial inclusion across India. The new
50:50 life insurance joint venture with Manulife aspires to
close the protection gap for rural and semi-urban
households, where insurance penetration remains
extremely low.
Mahindra Accelo
Mahindra Accelo is a leading manufacturer of high-end
automotive and EV components (Tier 0.5/1 manufacturer),
power components, and an end-of-life vehicle recycler
(through Cero).
As EVs gain traction, Accelo is positioned to capture the
next phase of OEM demand with EV-ready capabilities in
motor cores, aluminium battery casings, and body-in-white
structures. Accelo plans to expand component capacity and
enter the small auto component segment.
Cero is India s first and largest government-authorised
end-of-life vehicle recycler. With a presence across 58 cities,
Cero has set a target of reaching 100+ cities by FY28.
All Accelo plants are Zero Waste to Landfill certified.
Key highlights from Accelo s performance in FY26

The business achieved highest ever revenue of more
than ₹6,000 crore, a growth of 5x over the last 6
years.

Cero has recycled 40,000+ vehicles from 2019 to
2026.

Accelo expanded capacity for energy components and
installed a new processing line for Auto components.
Mahindra First Choice
Mahindra First Choice Wheels (MFCW) is India s leading used
automobile platform. IT has one of the largest retail
footprints, with 100+ stores across India, selling multi-brand
used vehicles under the carandbike brand. In FY26, MFCW
revamped its online platform, carandbike.com, to lay the
foundation for its next-gen digital presence.
MFCW holds a commanding share in the enterprise services
business, with all major banks, NBFCs, fleets, and OEMs
among its clients.
MFCW has further strengthened its leadership in the
aftermarket space primarily through three brands -
Autoinspekt, conducting over 3.6 million evaluations
annually; Yard Management System that provides vehicle
storage and management solutions with a presence across
500+ cities; and eDiig, an online auction platform,
facilitating vehicle sales across 1,000+ locations nationwide.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Risk Management
Across its diverse businesses, Mahindra Group operates in
an environment characterised by geopolitical shifts, supply
chain pressures, macroeconomic variability, evolving
consumer behaviour and rapid technological change. Our
risk management approach combines strong governance,
continuous monitoring and proactive mitigation, supported
by disciplined capital allocation and operational excellence.
Drawing on institutional learnings from the COVID era, the
Group has embedded agility and resilience into the way IT
operates. As businesses strengthen their operating moats
with sharper execution, Group-level governance, robust risk
hedging and controllership provide stability through
external shocks. This enables the Group to navigate
uncertainty while proactively exploring and investing in
emerging opportunities to drive sustained growth.
External Environment
The global operating environment is growing increasingly
complex. Geopolitical conflicts, shifting trade relationships
and evolving tariff regimes continue to inject uncertainty
into supply chains and global commerce. Inflationary
pressures remain sensitive to energy price volatility and
currency movements, continuing to influence consumer
affordability.
India's domestic macroeconomic fundamentals remain
well-anchored. In FY26, fiscal support measures and
calibrated monetary policy actions improved liquidity and
supported consumption-led growth. GST rationalisation
across key consumption categories helped ease cost
pressures and improve affordability.
Going forward, India s strong domestic demand, favourable
demographics and sustained policy support are expected to
support a resilient consumption outlook and enable
sustainable economic growth.
Rapid technological disruptions, particularly the pervasive
adoption of digital and AI-driven capabilities, are reshaping
competitive dynamics and consumer expectations. Against
this backdrop, the Group's approach to risk management is
proactive, structured and deeply integrated into strategic
planning and capital allocation.
Governance of Risk
The Board of Directors sets the tone for risk governance at
Mahindra Group, providing strategic oversight through a
well-defined committee structure that ensures risks are
identified, assessed and managed with rigour and
accountability.
The Risk Management Committee meets periodically to
review the Group's enterprise risk framework, monitor the
evolution of key risks and evaluate the adequacy of
mitigation measures.
The Audit Committee provides an additional and
independent layer of oversight, with particular focus on the
effectiveness of internal financial controls, compliance
systems and the integrity of financial reporting. Together,
these structures are reinforced by a robust internal audit
function that conducts risk-based reviews across
businesses and geographies, with findings reported directly
to the Audit Committee.
This multi-tiered governance architecture ensures that risk
management is not a periodic exercise, but an ongoing
discipline embedded in strategic decision-making at the
highest level.
Key Risks & Mitigations
Geopolitical Tensions, Supply Chain Disruptions & Trade
Tariffs
Rising geopolitical volatility, supply chain fragility and
changing tariff regimes have become structural realities.
These factors can disrupt component availability and cost,
increase logistics costs and affect production continuity.
Mitigation
The Group takes several measures to de-risk its supply
chain with real-time supply chain visibility across key parts
and commodities. Localisation remains a strong driver of
supply chain strategy. Planned buffers for critical
components, diversifying the supplier base, optimising
high-risk material usage and long-term supply contracts are
the key pillars to secure the supply chain from geopolitical
disruptions.
Commodity Price Volatility & Forex Fluctuations
Sharp movements in raw materials such as steel, aluminium,
oil and oil-derived products, precious metals and global
currencies can impact cost structures and margins.
Mitigation
We continue to actively manage commodity and forex risks
through robust hedging practices as defined by
Board-approved commodity and forex risk management
frameworks. Strategic supplier negotiations and long-term
price agreements moderate input cost exposure, while
continuous value engineering initiatives sustain cost
competitiveness through economic cycles.
Consumer Sentiment
Consumer sentiment is closely tied to macro economic
conditions, inflationary pressures and interest rate
fluctuations.
Mitigation
We constantly monitor evolving consumer preferences and
adapt our strategies to align with market demand. Our
strong portfolio of premium, feature-rich SUVs aligns well
with evolving consumer preferences.
EV Adoption & Infrastructure Readiness
EV penetration may face headwinds if charging
infrastructure expands slowly or if customers remain
concerned about range, battery life and long-term reliability.
Mitigation
Mahindra's comprehensive EV roadmap combines product
strength, technology leadership and infrastructure
investments. A 79 kWh battery pack delivering
approximately 500 km of real-world range, and DC fast
charging that enables 20% to 80% charge in approximately
20 minutes, address range anxiety directly. The business is
expanding highway and corridor charging through its
open-source Charge_iN platform with a commitment to
deploy 1,000 fast-charging points along major corridors by
2027.
An industry-leading lifetime high-voltage battery warranty
for the first registered private owner further reinforces
customer confidence.
EV penetration within our SUV portfolio reached 9.6% in
Q4 FY26. We are closely tracking developments around
CAFÉ 3 norms to ensure compliance with the same.
Rural Economy and Linkage to Monsoon
Tractor demand and rural sentiment are seen to be linked
to monsoon performance. India is expected to receive
below-normal southwest monsoon rainfall in FY27, with
precipitation projected at 90-92% of the Long Period
Average, according to the India Meteorological
Department s (IMD) long-range forecast due to the El Niño
effect.
Mitigation
The Indian farm ecosystem is becoming more resilient to
monsoons with each passing year. This is driven by increase
in non-farm incomes (especially construction), government
support for farmers, increased penetration of horticulture
and improved farm mechanisation.
Historically, our tractor business has shown stability during
uneven monsoon years and the cycles tend to be less
pronounced with each passing year. For FY27, strong rural
cashflows, good reservoir levels, higher Minimum Support
Prices and favourable credit availability for farmers,
collectively provide a meaningful buffer against
weather-related volatility. The farm business is also
proficient at adjusting its production and costs to ensure IT
delivers consistent results through cycles. The rapid growth
of some of its sub-segments like Powerol, which are less
dependent on rural economy, gives the business further
leverage in earnings.
Capital Allocation
Misallocation of capital across competing priorities may
result in suboptimal results.
Mitigation
Mahindra Group maintains robust capital allocation
discipline ensuring resources are directed towards core,
high-return opportunities for long-term value creation.
Investment decisions are evaluated rigorously against a
strong right to win, ability to execute and a meaningful
potential to scale and achieve market-leading returns. All
capital allocation decisions are evaluated at a board level
through a sub-committee set up for this purpose called the
Committee for Strategic Investments.
In FY26, in line with the capital allocation framework, we
acquired SML to strengthen our commercial vehicle
presence. The other end of the spectrum were exits from
structurally weak farm international businesses - Sampo in
Finland, Erkunt Foundry in Turkey and agriculture
machinery business in Japan.
Capacity Constraints
Rapid demand growth in SUVs and tractors may outpace
production, straining existing manufacturing capacity if
expansion is delayed.
Mitigation
The auto business has laid out a structured capacity
build out plan that includes debottlenecking existing plants
during FY27, NU_IQ capacity to be operational in phases by
FY28 and establishing a new greenfield facility in Nagpur.
The farm business is also enhancing capacity. Once fully
operational, the Nagpur facility will have an annual
production capacity of over 5 lakh vehicles and 1 lakh
tractors, making IT Mahindra s largest integrated
manufacturing footprint in the country. A strong balance
sheet ensures sufficient capital to fund these expansions
and pursue disciplined cash deployment for capacity
expansion.
RISK
MANAGEMENT

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO CREATE VALUE | Risk Management
International Markets - Demand Cycles, Currency
Exposure & Portfolio Risk
Prolonged weakness or slower recovery in key international
markets may impact volumes, margins and the viability of
export growth.
Mitigation
International expansion is a significant growth vector for
the Group s businesses, especially Auto and Farm. Mahindra
has adopted a disciplined approach with a calibrated,
phased global expansion.
Alongside exits from structurally weak markets, our Farm
business is simultaneously deepening presence in
strategically important markets like the US, Brazil and
Turkey.
India s Free Trade Agreements present a significant export
opportunity by enabling access to new markets at
preferential tariffs.
Competitive Intensity - Auto and Farm
The businesses operate in a highly competitive environment
marked by rapid technological changes, as both domestic
and international automakers strive to strengthen their
presence across all segments.
Mitigation
Our Auto business across SUVs and LCVs has a robust
product portfolio. The business continues to invest in
capacity expansion and has a strong launch pipeline of ICE
and electric vehicles, which includes 10 ICE SUVs, 6 E-SUVs
and 10 LCVs by 2031.
The Farm business leverages its over four-decade
leadership, the Mahindra-Swaraj dual brand strategy, deep
rural distribution and higher operating leverage. Product
upgrades and platforms, such as OJA and Target, further
strengthen differentiation. In FY27, we have planned 7 new
product launches and 12 feature upgrades.
Our global innovation centre, Mahindra Research Valley, is
the engineering powerhouse behind our Auto and Farm
businesses. IT has a strength of over 5,000 engineers who
are committed to advancing product capabilities in India,
enhancing global competitiveness and delivering superior
products to customers.
Controllership, Compliance & Governance Risks
Potential internal control gaps, cyber risks or regulatory
non-compliance can affect business continuity and
reputation.
Mitigation
A strong internal audit framework, well-defined
enterprise-wide policies and continuous oversight by the
Board and its Committees form a robust foundation for
governance. Enhanced cybersecurity and fraud-prevention
systems, and periodic risk assessments enable effective
controls and timely remediation.
Brand reputation, data security and regulatory compliance
are evaluated on an ongoing basis to maintain governance
standards consistently across the Group.
Taken together, these measures reflect the Group's
proactive and forward-looking approach to risk
management. Regular reviews, robust internal controls, and
clear escalation processes ensure that emerging risks are
identified early and addressed effectively.
By instilling sound risk practices
across its businesses, the Group
continues to build resilience,
safeguard its long-term value,
and stay well-prepared for an
evolving business environment.
OPPORTUNITIE
& OUTLOOK
Mahindra Group continues its growth journey with a strong
foundation, a robust balance sheet and a clear commitment
to technology-led leadership. India s macroeconomic profile
remains favourable, and the structural shifts underway
across its key sectors create multi-year opportunities that
the Group is well-placed to capture.

The outlook for the Indian automotive sector is
promising. Rising disposable incomes, favourable
demographics, lower vehicle penetration levels and
sustained government support for manufacturing and
clean mobility continue to drive demand. EV adoption
is gaining momentum backed by policy support such as
the PM E-DRIVE scheme, PLI incentives, state-level
subsidies and growing fast-charging networks.
As consumers increasingly opt for premium,
feature-rich vehicles, Mahindra is strategically aligned
to this shift with a robust portfolio across ICE vehicles
and EVs, and a strong launch pipeline. Capacity
expansion at existing facilities, the upcoming NU_IQ
lines from FY28, and the Nagpur greenfield facility will
strengthen manufacturing capabilities and support
sustained volume growth across platforms.

India s agricultural transformation continues to be
shaped by rising mechanisation, labour shortages,
broader irrigation coverage and government focus on
rural development. Despite the IMD s forecast of a
below-normal monsoon in 2026, structural drivers
such as strong rural cashflows, higher Minimum
Support Prices and favourable credit availability for
farmers are expected to provide resilience. With a
robust operating model, the Farm business is
well-placed to capitalise on its leadership in this
segment.

The technology services sector is witnessing a shift
characterised by accelerating digital transformation,
rapid AI adoption, and large-scale cloud migration
across global enterprises. TechM, with its AI Delivered
Right strategy and strong capabilities in AI and digital
services, is leveraging this opportunity. Focused
execution on operational efficiencies and cost
discipline is driving margin expansion, positioning
TechM for sustainable and profitable growth ahead.

The financial services sector continues to gain from
formalisation, digital adoption, and deepening credit
penetration. Regulatory reforms, digital KYC and
analytics-driven underwriting are improving efficiency
and expanding addressable markets. Against this
backdrop, MMFSL is well-positioned to grow through its
strong OEM linkage, leadership in tractor financing and
diversification into non-vehicle lending segments.
Continued focus on credit cost discipline, digital
collections, and risk analytics will remain central as
lending demand rises in rural and semi-urban India.

Across hospitality, real estate, logistics, the Group s
Growth Gems are benefiting from rising consumption,
infrastructure expansion and digitalisation.

MHRIL is targeting to double its keys by FY30,
driven by rising leisure travel and expanding
middle-income households.

MLDL is targeting ₹10,000 crore in sales by FY30,
supported by robust residential demand and a
preference for premium, integrated townships.

MLL aims to double its topline by FY31,
capitalising on India's logistics formalisation and
technology-enabled supply chain models.

With a growing last mile mobility ecosystem and a
comprehensive portfolio, LMM is leading the
electrification of the three-wheeler market and
aspires to place one million EVs on Indian roads by
2031.

Susten is scaling rapidly alongside India's
renewable energy ambitions, with plans to grow
its portfolio from 2.1 GWp to 7.0 GWp by FY31.

The Trucks & Buses business, with a combined
market share of 6% following the SML Isuzu
acquisition, is well-positioned to consolidate its
presence and target a top-3 position in ILCV
trucks and buses.

Mahindra Aerostructures, with an order book of
approximately $1.13 billion and recognition from
both Airbus and Boeing, is on a clear trajectory
towards becoming one of the top 10 global
aerostructures suppliers.
Each of the Growth Gems is building scale in its respective
sector, collectively strengthening the Group's long-term
growth architecture.
Outlook
While global uncertainties, policy shifts and technology
transitions may create periodic volatility, the Group s
structural advantages, customer centric product strategy
and strong execution capabilities provide confidence in
delivering sustained, profitable growth.
Mahindra is prepared not just to navigate uncertainty, but to
accelerate through IT, seizing emerging opportunities across
its future-ready businesses.
S

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
GROUP VALUE CREATION MODEL
GROUP VALUE CREATION MODEL
Human Resources & CSR
Marketing &
Communications
IT
Customer Service
Research & Development
Safety, Health &
Environment
Finance & Accounts
Strategy & Planning
OUTPUT
SUPPORT FUNCTIONS
GOVERNANCE | MISSION | VISION | VALUES
INTEGRITY
QUALITY
CARE
RISE
PHILOSOPHY
PURPOSE-LED | PERFORMANCE-DRIVEN | FUTURE-READY
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Net Capital Expenditure (₹ crore)
Debt to Equity Ratio (Excluding Financial Services)
Equity attributable to Owners of the Company (₹ crore)
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
Manufacturing Facilities around the World*
Material Cost (₹ crore)
Key Raw Materials
INPUTS
9,112
0.04
93,096
1,22,922
Steel, Iron, Rubber, Glass,
Aluminium, Copper, etc.
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Patents Applied in FY26 (Nos.)
Patents Granted in FY26 (Nos.)
Design Registrations Granted in FY26 (Nos.)
305+
60+
115+
HUMAN CAPITAL
Permanent Employees (Nos.)
Temp. / Casual / Contractual Employees (Nos.)
Unionised Permanent Workforce (Nos.)
Employee Benefit Expense (₹ crore)
Permanent Women Employees (Nos.)
NATURAL CAPITAL**
% of Renewable Electricity
Total Energy Consumption (GJ)
Total Water Withdrawal (m3)
210.4k
116.7k
7.9k
12,731
53.3k
45,45,480
66,27,262
SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
CSR Investment## (₹ crore)
Employee volunteering Person Hours (ESOPs + MySeva)
No. of Employee Volunteers
4,76,705
74,704
*Including contract manufacturing, registered vehicle scrapping facilities; excluding distributor facilities
##CSR spend of Mahindra Group, including associates and joint ventures, incl. of CSR project expenditure,
amount towards ongoing project (hospitals) administrative expenses and impact assessment costs
Model representative of M&M Consolidated inputs and outputs
#Includes domestic sales and sales by subsidiaries, associate companies and joint ventures, automotive sales
exclude sales made by SML
**Includes all India operations, accounting for >90% environment footprint, as per the defined organisation
boundary for auditing purposes, refer to latest sustainability report for assured numbers
@Pertaining to M&M Ltd. only
OUTCOMES
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Income from Operations (₹ crore)
PAT attributable to Owners of the Company (₹ crore)
Return on Equity (%)
Earnings per Share (₹)
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL#
Total Global Automotive Vehicles Sold (Nos.)

Passenger Vehicles

Commercial Vehicles

Three-Wheelers
Total Global Tractors Sold (Nos.)
1,98,639
17,099
20.1
152.2
11,19,960
6,86,477
3,20,568
1,12,915
5,34,507
1,440+
NATURAL CAPITAL**
GHG Emissions - Scope 1 (tCO2)
GHG Emissions - Scope 2 (tCO2)
Water Reused (%)
137.7k
49.4k
1,10,313
3,70,611
SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
No. of Girls empowered under
Project Nanhi Kali
No. of Women empowered through Project Kaabil
Water harvesting potential created@ (lakh litre)
1,07,007
+1,500 Teachers Trained
3,98,960
6,010
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
New Launches: XEV 9S, XUV 7XO, BE 6 Batman Edition and Formula E Edition,
Bolero & Bolero Neo refresh, Bolero Camper & Pik-Up refresh, Novo 605 DI PS
Premium Edition, Yuvo Tech+ 585 DI 4 WD Limited Edition, Yuvo Tech+ series
(2890cc & 3470cc), 733 FE, 834 XM, 735 FE and 735 XT models under Naya
Swaraj, Swaraj 843 XT, Swaraj PRO-TEK, range of Gromax Trakstar 20-50 HP
tractors, Mahindra UDO, Zor Grand EV upgrade, Furio 8 7.5T LCV, SML Hiroi 3430 &
AASAI MX buses, and GS Ambulance, Mahindra Marina64 and Blossoms development
projects, 7 new managed resorts.

New Technologies: NU_IQ platform, LFP Prismatic Cell for high-voltage application,
Ventilated seat for 2R, Power co-driver seat, Vacuum-less booster, Dual fuel for
tractors, enhanced capabilities in emerging technologies like Agentic AI, GenAI,
blockchain and 5G, EV motor core, prediction method for battery health (Susten),
iMAXX enhancements.
Cumulative Patents Granted as of FY26 (Nos.)
HUMAN CAPITAL
Permanent Employees Trained (Nos.)
Temp. / Casual / Contractual Employees Trained (Nos.)
Complaints on Child / Involuntary Labour
Auto
Farm
Services

RISE TO BE
FUTURE-READY
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | Manufacturing Capabilities
In a fast-changing global environment, efficient and resilient
operations are fundamental to manufacturing excellence.
We continue to deepen our integration of Industry 4.0
principles and technologies, building adaptive operations
that are agile, future-ready and built to scale. Our facilities
are continuously evolving - embedding smarter processes,
improving production efficiencies, building supply chain
resilience and expanding capacity in line with demand and
the launch pipeline.
As we grow, sustainability remains a key focus, with
technology deployed purposefully to reduce energy
consumption, minimise waste and build operations that are
responsible and efficient.
As part of the long-term manufacturing strategy, in
February 2026, we announced plans to establish our
largest integrated facility for automobiles and tractors in
Nagpur, Maharashtra. Spanning 1,500 acre and
complemented by a 150-acre supplier park in
Sambhajinagar, the facility will have an annual production
capacity of over 5 lakh vehicles and 1 lakh tractors once
fully operational.
The plant will support our next-generation platforms
including the NU_IQ architecture, with the capability to
manufacture vehicles across multiple powertrains for both
domestic and global markets. Production at the facility is
scheduled to commence in 2028.
Auto Sector
FY26 was a year of strong execution across our automotive
manufacturing operations. As demand for our ICE and EV
portfolio continued to grow, our plants demonstrated
resilient operations navigating a complex global supply
environment with agility and discipline. Our supply chain
teams continued to work closely with partners to ensure
continuity, higher localisation and cost efficiencies.
AI in Manufacturing
MATRIX, our Manufacturing AI framework, represents
Mahindra's structured approach to embedding intelligence
across the factory floor. Spanning five dimensions - agility,
quality, uptime, energy and connectivity - MATRIX deploys
AI not as a standalone tool but as an integrated capability
woven into how our plants operate, decide and improve.
From dynamic production planning and weld integrity
monitoring to predictive maintenance and energy
optimisation, each pillar addresses a specific lever of
manufacturing performance. Together, they form a cohesive
system that continuously learns and adapts, raising the bar
for what our facilities can deliver.
Some key digital initiatives include:

Smart Sequencing Digital Twin enabled real-time
progress visibility, rescheduling, and faster production
planning.

IT/OT Network Separation enhanced shop-floor
security, asset visibility, and risk management.

Logistics and Warehouse Simulations improved
congestion analysis, resource optimisation and capacity
planning decisions.
Highlights

Overall auto production surpassed 1.1 million units
(including Mahindra Last Mile Mobility and Truck &
Bus).

ESG

56% reduction in carbon emissions achieved per
vehicle over 5 years, supported by increasing
renewable energy share to Auto sector
operations.

Resource efficiency improved with 36% reduction
in freshwater consumption per vehicles and 12%
reduction in waste generation, over last 5 years.
Milestones
CHAKAN PLANT
Produced a record-high
4.6 lakh
vehicles in FY26, growing 18% over FY25
NASHIK PLANT
Delivered its highest-ever production with
3.2 lakh
vehicles, growth of 19% over FY25
IGATPURI PLANT
Set its all-time high production with the roll-out of
5.1 lakh
engines in FY26
Farm Sector
Backed by decades of market leadership, Mahindra is
committed to transforming farmers lives globally by
democratising technology.
Our farm manufacturing continues to power the business
and drive operational excellence, strengthening the
foundation of our leadership in the sector.
Key Initiatives
Digital interventions across Farm manufacturing are
focused on delivering two core outcomes - superior quality
and enhanced throughput.

Inspection with Vision AI: Automated inspection of
critical assembly processes through machine learning.

Deskilling with machine-driven processes:
Machine-guided processes reduce manual intervention
for critical assembly operations, with complete
traceability at each node.

Automated subassembly sequencing: Integrating
shop floor lines and functions through scheduling
tools to eliminate redundancies.
MANUFACTURING
CAPABILITIES

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | Manufacturing Capabilities

Multi-model assembly lines: Tech interventions and
alternative thinking enabled introduction of new
products on existing lines.

Workstation Integration: Executed multi-workstation
processes on a single stage using cobots to drive
efficiencies.
Highlights

In FY26, the Farm Equipment Business crossed the
milestone of rolling out 7+ million tractors since
inception.

Achieved Zero Waste to Landfill certification across all
farm manufacturing facilities.
Awards

Nagpur team received CII National Awards for
Excellence in Energy Management and for Excellence
in Water Management.

Multiple recognitions at the 4th CII International
Conference on Digitalisation, Robotics & Automation

Gold Award for Digitalisation & Automation to
Kandivali team.

Gold Award for Digital Twins in Pre-Docking
Conveyor System to Rudrapur team.

Kandivali team received Platinum Award for
Sustainability at The FAME National Summit on
Outstanding Contribution for Economic and Social
Development.

Rudrapur team received Gold Award for Carbon
Footprint Reduction through low-cost automation at
CII National Competition on Low-Cost Automation.

Diamond Award for CSR to Zaheerabad team at
INFHRA - Corporate Excellence Awards.
Milestones (since inception)
NAGPUR PLANT
15 lakh
RUDRAPUR PLANT
10.3 lakh
ZAHEERABAD PLANT
4.8 lakh
JAIPUR PLANT
3.9 lakh
Automotive
Tractors
& Farm
Machinery
Truck
& Bus
Electric
Vehicles
Aero & Advanced
Technologies
Accelo
Agri
Farm
Machinery
Two
Wheelers
MANUFACTURING PLANTS IN INDIA
As on 31st March 2026, property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in-progress) for M&M Consolidated stood at ₹31,380
crore. The Consolidated net capital expenditure incurred in FY26 was ₹9,112 crore, and the major focus was on new product development.
Manufacturing plant presence
Manufacturing Plants*
across the Country
11,17,698 (Units)
Automotive Sector Sales Volume
(Domestic and Exports)
5,26,403 (Units)
Farm Equipment Sector Sales Volume
(Domestic and Exports)
Mohali
Mohali,
Chapperchiri,
Sialba Majri,
Humayunpur
Palwal
Haridwar
Indore
1 1
Pithampur
Nagpur
Bhopal
1 1
Zaheerabad
Chennai
Kolar
1 1
Bengaluru
Supa
Hyderabad
Guwahati
Rudrapur
Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar
1 1 2
Vadodara
Jaipur
Rajkot
Ahmedabad
Pune
Ankleshwar
Igatpuri
Kalyan
1 1
Kandivali
1 1 1 1
Chakan
2 1 1 1
Nashik
Manufacturing plants include: M&M Ltd., Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited, Mahindra
Agri Solutions Limited, Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited, Mahindra HZPC Pvt. Ltd.,
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited, Mahindra Aerostructures Pvt. Ltd., Mahindra
Accelo (Mahindra Accelo Ltd., Mahindra Steel Service Centre Ltd., Mahindra Auto Steel
Pvt. Ltd., Mahindra MSTC Recycling Pvt. Ltd.), Gromax Agri Equipment Ltd., MITRA Agro
Equipments Private Ltd.
*Including contract manufacturing, registered vehicle scrapping facilities
Includes sales made by Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited and Mahindra Electric Automobile
Limited but excludes sales made by SML Mahindra Limited
Map not to scale. For illustrative purposes only.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | Manufacturing Capabilities
Automotive
Tractors &
Farm Machinery
Two
Wheelers
Others
GLOBAL FOOTPRINT
The Group has a business presence in 100+ countries
MRV - Mahindra Research Valley, Chennai & Detroit
MSPT - Mahindra SUV Proving Track, Chennai
MIDS - Mahindra India Design Studio, Mumbai
*Above excludes the distributor facilities in Algeria, Benin, Ethiopia, Kenya,
Mali, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, and Tunisia.
Map not to scale. For illustrative purposes only.
R&D and Design Facilities
across 6 countries
The Group has 61* manufacturing facilities around the world
Presence of manufacturing facility
INDIA
Automotive, Farm, Three-wheeler, Two-wheeler
Engineering & Design, Electric Vehicle
Technology, Genset & Agri, Digitisation, AI, IoT
with MRV-led R&D centres, 4X4 COE with
MSPT, Design studio MIDS & SDVC.
UK
Global Design Centre with M.A.D.E., Electric
Racing Technology with Mahindra Racing &
Two-Wheeler Technology with BSA
ITALY
Luxury Car Design Facility
JAPAN
Rice Value Chain & Tractor Technologies with
Mitsubishi
TURKEY
Farm Mechanisation Technology with Erkunt
USA
Automotive & EV Technologies with MRV,
Detroit
INDIA
JAPAN
BRAZIL
UAE
INDONESIA
TURKEY
AUSTRALIA
SOUTH AFRICA
USA
M.A.D.E. - Mahindra Advanced Design Europe
SDVC - Software Defined Vehicle Centre, Coimbatore

Scaling digital capabilities across businesses remained a key
priority this year, as we continued to embed technology,
data and automation into the way various functions
operate. This shift is translating into faster decision-making,
and more consistent experiences for our customers.
Project Vihaan
Enterprise transformation across Auto and Farm, delivered
measurable progress towards a digitally synchronised,
data-driven operating model. The programme is
rearchitecting the enterprise across three pillars (New
Product Development, End-to-end Supply Chain, and Sales
& Service), strengthening execution through a unified digital
backbone and data-led decision making.
In Product Development, an end-to-end digital thread
across planning, design, engineering, sourcing,
manufacturing and service readiness is improving
cross-functional collaboration and reducing development
cycle times to accelerate time to market.
In Supply Chain, end-to-end digital visibility, digitised
promise management and real-time execution monitoring
improved adherence to customer commitments. Planning is
now 100% digitised, with live scenario planning across
200+ constraints. The planning horizon expanded from one
month to three months, with responsive demand and
inventory management enabled through direct demand
signals from 300+ dealers.
A digital-first customer journey is supported by
standardised, orchestrated service processes and solutions
such as AutoLens, VehicleEye and VoxAI. This is scaled
across 430 workshops (75%+ of service load), delivering a
50% reduction in appointment wait times, a 39% reduction
in customer concerns related to service quality and
productivity gains of up to 15%.
These outcomes are underpinned by the Mahindra Data
Platform and the Operating Heartbeat, which provide a
trusted single source of truth and near real-time visibility
into execution health, bottlenecks and emerging risks,
enabling sustained operational excellence, stronger
customer experience and long-term competitiveness.
Financial Services - Digital
Scale through App and Bots
The Mahindra Finance customer app has evolved into a
high-impact, enterprise-scale platform supporting loans,
investments, servicing, and payments across the mobile app
and the website.
Key enhancements

End-to-end digital personal loan journey with instant
disbursal.

Launched customer web portal to extend reach
beyond mobile.

Scaled digital payments ecosystem (EMIs, mandates,
in-app charges).
A 4-step offer discovery and fulfilment journey is enabled
for Wheels customers via MTezz.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | Digital & AI Capabilities
DIGITAL & AI
CAPABILITIES
AI is transforming the global landscape towards an
economy driven by intelligence and is redefining how
organisations conceptualise, operate, serve, and expand. At
Mahindra, Digital and AI are strategic capabilities that help
the Group Rise to be Future-Ready by enabling smarter
experiences, adaptable operations, and secure, scalable
enterprises. Guided by a human centric approach and
responsible growth, we are integrating intelligence across
our businesses to generate value for stakeholders and build
a resilient future.
Mahindra s digital transformation is guided by the clear
principle that technology must deliver measurable value
while enhancing experience, operational performance, and
enterprise resilience. Our approach is outcome-led and
responsibly governed, ensuring that scale, security, and
sustainability are embedded by design.
As this agenda has evolved, AI has become a core enterprise
capability rather than an enabling layer. AI is now embedded
across customer journeys, manufacturing operations, and
enterprise platforms through three integrated themes,
Experience.AI, Efficiency.AI, and Enterprise.AI.
FY26 marked a significant step forward in this journey, with
each of these themes advancing across the Group s
businesses.
Experience.AI
Personalised,
scalable, and always-on
Efficiency.AI
AI-driven productivity
across manufacturing
and operations
Enterprise.AI
Secure, scalable
intelligence across
the enterprise
AI is now embedded across
customer journeys,
manufacturing operations, and
enterprise platforms.
Digital at Scale

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | Digital & AI Capabilities
Digital scale and impact

14.3 lakh+ cumulative app users (10 lakh added in
FY26).

₹1,500+ crore digital collections enabled.

Peak monthly collections of ~₹157 crore in March

8,000+ mandates created directly on the app.

1.6 lakh+ leads generated.

~30% hot leads

₹140+ crore in disbursements

10x increase in positive customer reviews.
The roadmap ahead focuses on expanding coverage to
Insurance, SME, and Mortgages, deepening self-service,
scaling digital personal loans across app, web, and bot
channels, and strengthening omnichannel integration to
reduce TAT and drive cross-selling.
Customer bot - AI Powered Conversational Support
Customer bot, Mahindra Finance s AI conversational
assistant, operates across WhatsApp, web and the mobile
app in multiple Indian languages, enabling instant
resolution, loan sourcing, payments, and service requests.
FY26 outcomes

2.45 lakh unique users.

1.3 crore+ messages exchanged.

34,000+ leads generated.
Next phase expansion includes:

Coverage across 12 languages.

30+ services, including end to end onboarding for Fixed
Deposits and Personal Loans.
A self-healing paint shop leverages AI agents grounded in
an industrial knowledge graph for proactive anomaly
detection and root cause recommendations to establish
new benchmarks in quality and efficiency at our paint
shops; an industry-first among Indian auto OEMs (uptime.AI /
quality.AI).
An agentic AI-based CMMS (Computerised maintenance
management system) has been developed in-house to
improve uptime of our highly automated plant setups
(uptime.AI).
An AI-based die design validation assistant helps our
designers validate die designs faster (agility.AI).

Manufacturing foundations were strengthened through
improved machine connectivity, data quality, and
traceability, enabling horizontal AI scale across plants.
Efficiency.AI systematically applies intelligence across
manufacturing to reduce cycle time, improve quality,
increase uptime, optimise energy usage, and unlock
capacity.
MATRIX, Mahindra s manufacturing AI framework, scales AI
through Agility.AI, Quality.AI, Uptime.AI, Energy.AI, and
Connected.AI.
Agility.AI
AI-simulation and
Live m/c data,
for dynamic
production
planning
Quality.AI
AI-based weld
spot integrity
prediction
Uptime.AI
Gen-AI
maintenance
assistant for
faster analysis
Energy.AI
AI models
optimise energy
efficiency
across plants
Connected.AI
Agentic AI-based
CMMS developed
in-house
Experience.AI enhances customer, dealer, partner and
employee interactions through intuitive and intelligent
digital journeys.
Auto
To enhance customer experience across the funnel,
Mahindra s enterprise conversational AI platform - Naina.AI
has automated over 6 lakh calls, offering multilingual
support, knowledge integration and human handovers.
Connected journeys for customers on WhatsApp are also
enriched by AI agents that guide them from discovery to
booking. WhatsApp agents have handled 4 lakh
conversations from lead nurturing to test-drive bookings.
~6 lakh
automated calls supported
by Naina.AI
~4 lakh
conversations handled
by WhatsApp agents
Vehicle GPT is a powerful, always-on AI agent that enables
customers to fully understand their vehicle, from owner s
manual to real-world usage, through a visually-guided
experience, handling over 10,000 queries every month
across six PV brands.
Frontline productivity is strengthened through contextual
knowledge, guided resolution, and AI-driven sales
enablement, improving consistency, preparedness, and
service quality.
In FY26, customer experience on mobile and web was
further enhanced through cloud-native digital platforms
supporting large-scale product launches and adventure
bookings. A revamped launch portal, Mahindra Adventure
website, and an advanced 3D vehicle configurator delivered
high-volume, secure transactions:
93,689
XEV 9S & XUV 7XO
bookings in 4 hours
(14th January 2026)
BE 6 Batman Edition
bookings in 135 seconds
Sales Genie NXT improved test drive journeys through
smarter location and distance logic, while Mahindra For You
(M4U) introduced industry-first service transparency with
detailed repair order breakups and customer selected
services.
Dealer sales and service systems were modernised through
a cloud-native, end-to-end platform covering booking, retail,
delivery, inventory, and claims, now live across 1,400+
dealer showrooms. A unified service platform supports
27,000+ users, improving transparency, accountability, and
scalability across the dealer ecosystem.
Mahindra Holidays - AI-led
Experience Personalisation
Mahindra Holidays has embedded AI across key customer
experience touchpoints, with a focus on sentiment
intelligence, personalisation, and conversion uplift.
1,400+
Dealer showrooms live
27,000+
Platform users
Availability
3D
Vehicle configurator
Experience.AI
Efficiency.AI

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | Digital & AI Capabilities
Enterprise.AI provides the platforms, governance, and cyber
resilience required to scale experience and efficiency gains
consistently.
The Mahindra Agentic Framework, built on the Mahindra
Data Platform, deployed five supervised AI agents spanning
conversational analytics, product planning and
benchmarking, vehicle development, market intelligence,
and automated reporting.
LogiOne
Powering the future of Mahindra logistics
The LogiOne platform of Mahindra Logistics is a next-gen
AI-powered platform that unifies transportation,
warehousing and last-mile delivery into one seamless digital
With modules like LogiFreight (transport management),
LogiPick (warehouse operations), LogiOpt (load and route
planning), LogiOne offers real-time visibility, predictive
analytics and end-to-end control.
AI in Corporate Functions
Enterprise governance has been strengthened through
audit AI, addressing 8,000+ audit queries, and AI-enabled
TMW assessments, reducing preparation time by ~80%
(from 4-5 days to ~1 day).
GenAI-driven cloud architecture and provisioning reduced
architect dependency for ~50% of projects, saved ~200
hours per month, cut provisioning timelines by ~50%,
accelerated deployments by ~50 days per month, and
delivered ~₹30 lakh per annum in cost savings. Litigation
GPT delivered ~70% productivity improvement for legal
teams.
Cyber resilience was scaled through an AI-powered SOC,
delivering 72-95% reduction in incident handling time, 85%
reduction in mean time to repair (MTTR), with 70% of
critical threats resolved within 250 seconds, operating
across 43,000+ endpoints, 5,000+ servers, and 336+ billion
events, at 100% uptime.
As operations digitise, OT environments require security
outcomes without disrupting production. IT-OT segregation
is an industry-first extension of IT Zero Trust into OT
environments, achieving secure IT-OT segregation without
changes to factory equipment, by enforcing user identity
verification, device security validation, and application-level
authorisation (rather than broad network trust).
This light-weight, software-driven approach has been
deployed across 8 Mahindra plants and 4 Swaraj plants,
enabling secure IT-OT connectivity with zero production
downtime and reducing ransomware/cyber propagation risk
into factory systems.
A comprehensive OT ransomware readiness program
protects MES, PLCs, SCADA systems, and shopfloor
networks.

Mahindra AI Academy

Democratising AI Across the Enterprise
To accelerate the Group s journey towards becoming an
AI-first organisation, the Mahindra AI Academy launched AI
for All , a self-paced learning programme designed to make
AI accessible to every employee, regardless of function or
technical background.
The programme equips associates with a structured
foundation in AI through three core modules, AI
Fundamentals, Generative AI, and Responsible AI &
Mahindra AI Principles.
By embedding AI literacy into the learning culture, Mahindra
AI Academy is ensuring that the Group s AI transformation is
not limited to technology teams but extends across the
entire workforce, enabling employees to explore,
understand, and confidently apply AI in their day-to-day
work.

AI Governance

Using AI with Care
The Group s approach to AI is anchored in the Rise
philosophy, built on three foundational principles.
Ethical, ensuring alignment with the Group s
brand values and ethical fabric.
Responsible, embedding fairness, transparency,
and accountability into every AI system.
Secure, mandating compliance with applicable
regulations and privacy laws.
To operationalise these principles, the Group has
established a multi-layered governance structure. At the
Group level, a cross-functional AI Governance Council, with
representation from technology, business, legal, risk, and
human resources, provides centralised oversight to all AI
initiatives.
The Council ensures that the design, deployment, and
operation of AI systems remain consistent with Mahindra s
AI principles.
IT also continuously reviews the regulatory, ethical, and
business implications of AI adoption. At the business level,
dedicated governance councils drive AI use-case
prioritisation based on strategic priorities and ROI
thresholds, oversee workforce readiness and adoption
tracking, and retain ownership of AI-related risk with clear
escalation pathways.
Together, this two-tier structure ensures that the Group s AI
transformation is not only ambitious but also disciplined,
accountable, and aligned with stakeholder trust.
8,000+
Audit AI queries
addressed &
resolved
~70%
Productivity improvement
through Litigation GPT
Enterprise.AI
Sentiment intelligence (Lighthouse)
In FY26, MHRIL deployed Lighthouse, an AI-based
sentiment measurement platform capturing feedback
across resorts, call centres, email, and formal surveys. The
tool is now actively used at resorts to prioritise
improvement areas, with a targeted ~5 percentage point
improvement in customer experience scores.
Conversational AI for conversion and engagement
WhatsApp-based chatbots on the Keystone platform
generate and qualify leads, contributing to incremental
sales. In parallel, the Experiences Bot supports members
with curated resort experiences, increasing engagement
during stays.
AI-driven refusal management
Booking refusals are intelligently redirected through:

WhatsApp-based recommendations for alternate
resorts.

Website and app journeys offering alternate resort and
date options.

These AI interventions are improving experience
continuity, conversion, and revenue capture, while
reducing friction across digital and on-property
journeys.

NEW INNOVATIVE IQ
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
On 15th August 2025, Mahindra unveiled its Global Vision
2027 and showcased four world-beating SUV design
concepts based on the modular, multi-energy NU_IQ
platform. The revolutionary NU_IQ platform is the result of
innovation born out of Mahindra s strategy to rewrite the
rules of mobility and consumer comfort.
The vision was showcased via four SUV concepts - the
Vision.X, Vision.S, Vision.T, and Vision.SXT - which address
the white spaces while staying true to Mahindra s core
attributes of turn-on design - unmissable presence, spirited
performance - on-tap power and world-class safety.
VISION.X
VISION.S
VISION.T
VISION.SXT
NU_IQ
PLATFORM
NEW PRODUCTS & MILESTONES

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
In January 2026, Mahindra launched the XUV 7XO with five pioneering tech disruptions -
World s first DAVINCI suspension system; India s first ICE SUV with coast-to-coast triple screen
across all variants; India s first ICE Software Defined Vehicle (SDV); India s first Integrated
Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision Experience; and India s first ADAS Level 2 with Dynamic
Visualisation.
In line with Mahindra s Rise philosophy, the XUV 7XO reflects the brand s commitment to the
democratisation of advanced automotive technologies, making globally benchmarked
innovation accessible to a wider set of customers.
Mahindra launched the New Bolero Range, blending its iconic
toughness with contemporary styling, enhanced comfort, and modern
technology. Built on a legacy of 25+ years and 16 lakh+ customers, the
New Bolero features bold design upgrades, improved interiors, a 17.8
cm touchscreen infotainment system, and RideFlo technology for
enhanced stability and control.
The New Bolero Neo combines rugged capability with urban
sophistication, supported by RideFlo, MTV-CL, and Frequency Dependent
Damping (FDD) for smoother rides across diverse terrains.
SUVs

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
Developed with Warner Bros. Discovery Global Consumer
Products, the BE 6 Batman Edition draws inspiration from
The Dark Knight Trilogy , blending cinematic heritage with
modern luxury.
Its first batch of 999 units sold out in just 135 seconds,
reflecting exceptional customer enthusiasm.
The BE 6 Formula E Edition, inspired by the ABB FIA
Formula E Championship, brings race-inspired electric
performance and design to Indian roads.
The Batman Edition and Formula E Edition are a testament
to the versatility of the Mahindra BE 6.
The new Bolero Pik-Up features a new front look, reclining
driver's seat with headrest, and a wider co-driver seat for
added comfort. Additionally, heating and air conditioning
systems have been introduced to enhance the overall
driving experience.
Built on INGLO, the Mahindra XEV 9S was launched as
India s first all-electric 7-seater SUV, designed for families
and individuals who demand space, comfort and capability.
INGLO, India s first pure electric architecture, is powered by
the intelligence of MAIA.
The XEV 9S delivers class-leading innovation with three
battery configurations - 79 kWh, 70 kWh and 59 kWh to
suit diverse driving needs. XEV 9S recently received the
Electric Car of the Year title from Shutter Drives.
The Bolero Camper features connected technology
powered by the advanced iMAXX telematics solution that
provides real-time vehicle insights, promoting enhanced
operational efficiency and smarter fleet management.
Additionally, the vehicle boasts a fresh look with new decals,
body-coloured ORVMs and door handles. Enhanced comfort
features include headrests in the rear seats, air conditioning
and heater, alongside a music system with Bluetooth calling.
E-SUVs
LCVs

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
The YuvoTech+ series has been upgraded with
high-capacity 3-cylinder (2890 cc at 39 HP, 42 HP, and 45
HP) and 4-cylinder (3470 cc at 47 HP, 49 HP) engines.
These engines are branded as mBull engines, and provide
increased power and productivity across farming
This Republic Day, Mahindra Tractors introduced 300 units
of Mahindra Yuvo Tech+ 585 DI 4WD Limited Edition
tractors. The limited edition was launched in
tricolour-inspired shades of Metallic Orange, Everest White,
and Metallic Green.
Mahindra introduced Novo 605 DI PS Premium Edition
with factory-fitted features such as advanced 4WD
capabilities with a robust high-performance engine and a
2,700 kg lift capacity. This provides unmatched comfort
with a four-way adjustable captain seat with armrest, fibre
canopy and safety through a Roll-over Protection
Structure.
The Swaraj 22.37 kW - 31.32 kW (30-42 HP) tractor range,
launched under the Naya Swaraj positioning, includes the
733 FE, 834 XM, 735 FE, and 735 XT models. The 735 XT
stands out as a step-up in power, delivering 31.32 kW
(42 HP), an upgrade from the conventional 29.83 kW
(40 HP) segment. Designed to balance high performance
and operator comfort, IT comes equipped with a powerful
engine, enhanced lift capacity, and 4WD capability.
Swaraj 843 XT, a puddling-focused tractor, delivers
enhanced torque for superior performance in wetland
preparation, making IT a dependable choice for demanding
puddling applications.
Swaraj PRO-TEK range brings together advanced
technology and superior comfort to unlock higher
productivity. Built with precision engineering and powerful
capabilities, IT helps farmers do more in less time - with
minimal effort.
TRACTORS

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
In September 2025, Gromax launched its Kavach Series,
India s first sub-50 HP cabin tractor. Alongside this
breakthrough, Gromax also introduced seven additional
models in 2WD and 4WD categories, covering the 20-50 HP
range.

Trakstar Kavach Series: India s first sub 50 HP cabin
tractors, designed to provide comfort and safety while
supporting productivity. IT will soon be available with
AC cabins in the 45 HP and 50 HP variants.

Trakstar 525 4WD NT: A 25 HP tractor specially
designed for inter cultivation, with a narrow track
width that ensures greater manoeuvrability and
efficiency in tight row spaces.

Trakstar 525 2WD: Another 25 HP tractor tailored for
orchard farming.

Trakstar 540 HT: A robust 42 HP tractor with a
high-torque engine, designed for tough tasks, haulage,
and puddling.

Trakstar 540 Orchard: After the success of 31 and
36 HP tractors in Arecanut farming, Gromax
introduced a new 40 HP category tractor to provide
multifunctional utility features and to enhance
versatility & productivity.

Trakstar 545 4WD: A versatile 45 HP tractor suitable
for haulage, puddling, and other diverse agricultural

Trakstar 550 4WD: A powerful 50 HP tractor aimed at
maximising utility for potato farming, puddling, and
comprehensive agricultural applications.

Trakstar 550 HT: A 50 HP tractor with a high-torque
engine that addresses both agricultural and
commercial applications.
In FY26, Mahindra Last Mile Mobility (LMM) expanded its
product portfolio with the launch of the all-new Mahindra
UDO. The UDO, an L5M EV, has been developed with
customer insights in mind. IT boasts a segment-first reverse
throttle feature, an aerodynamic design and a 200 km
real-world driving range. IT also has a pliant suspension, and
comfortable seating for both the driver and passengers.
LMM upgraded its popular Zor Grand L5N EV in FY26. The
new Zor Grand features larger 12-inch radial tubeless tyres
for improved grip and range, a striking oceanic blue colour,
footrest and refreshed decals. IT also brought in a higher
driving range of 140 km, offering the perfect balance of
performance and profitability.
TRACTORS

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
In the highly competitive 7.5T LCV segment, customer
success hinges on superior fuel efficiency, optimal payload
capacity, and maximum uptime. The introduction of the
Furio 8 has effectively addressed these critical
requirements, delivering best-in-class operating economics
with a fuel efficiency improvement of 6-10%. This
significant gain translates into meaningful cost savings for
customers while enhancing overall productivity.
The successful launch of the Furio 8 has enabled Mahindra
Truck & Bus to strengthen its competitive position, expand
its market reach, and accelerate its presence in India s
fast-growing e-commerce and express logistics sector,
which is a key driver of the country s booming logistics
industry.
The GS Ambulance represents a refreshed and modern
range, meticulously designed in compliance with the AIS
125 National Ambulance Code. Built to support a wide
spectrum of medical response and patient transport
requirements - spanning both emergency and
non-emergency applications - the GS series combines
proven platform reliability with contemporary design and
advanced features.
The AASAI MX further strengthens Mahindra s historically
strong presence in the maxi-cab segment with class-leading
premium features and superior comfort. These
enhancements have enabled SML Mahindra to successfully
regain its strong position in the maxi-cab market.
TRUCKS
& BUSES

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
Mahindra Marina64 is the first redevelopment project of
Mahindra Lifespaces situated in Malad West, with a potential
GDV of approximately ₹800 crore. Offering spacious 2, 3,
and 4 BHK homes, IT is envisioned as a space that restores
balance within the fast pace of urban life. The brand
thought of Home of Positive Energy reflects the promise
of homes designed around openness, wellbeing, community
spaces, and sustainable living. Sustainability at Marina64 is
positioned not merely as a compliance feature but as a core
lifestyle advantage.
With 97,000 sq. ft. of open spaces, the development
incorporates renewable energy integration,
climate-responsive planning, and resource-efficient systems
designed to reduce environmental impact while enhancing
resident comfort. The project features cross-ventilated
layouts, Vaastu-compliant entries, expansive balconies, and
homes designed to maximise light, air and views.
Mahindra Blossom, a premium Net Zero residential
development in Whitefield, Bengaluru, with a potential GDV
of approximately ₹1,900 crore. Offering spacious 2, 3, 3.5 &
4 BHK homes, that bring together modern design, openness,
and lifestyle comfort IT is poised to become one of the most
distinguished addresses in the micro-market. This launch
reinforces Mahindra Lifespaces continued focus on
deepening its presence in Bengaluru, one of its core
strategic markets.
IT features 75% open-to-sky spaces, cross-ventilated
layouts, Vaastu-compliant entries, expansive balconies, and
homes designed to maximise light, air, and views. True to
Mahindra Lifespaces commitment to building Homes of
Positive Energy , the project integrates sustainable planning
and climate-responsive architecture while fostering
meaningful community living.
LIFESPACES
MARINA64
BLOSSOM

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE TO BE FUTURE-READY | New Products & Milestones
RUVITL
(Rajasthan Urja Vikas and IT
Services Limited)
Susten also commissioned a
high-quality 280 MWp utility-scale
solar project in the solar-rich state of
Rajasthan at Bikaner. Spread across
967 acre of land owned by the
project company and equipped with
advanced automatic robotic cleaning
systems, the project optimises
generation efficiency while minimising
water consumption, reinforcing our
commitment to sustainable and
resource-efficient operations.
GUVNL
(Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited)
Mahindra Susten successfully
commissioned a high-quality 280
MWp utility-scale solar project at
Modasa, Gujarat, demonstrating
strong execution and operational
excellence. Spread across 965 acre of
land, the project supplies clean
energy to state distribution company
(discom), GUVNL, under a 25-year
long-term power purchase agreement,
supporting the state's clean energy
transition.
RESORTS
SUSTEN
Apart from Chambers Mahabaleshwar, MHRIL added 6 new
managed resorts in FY26

Club Mahindra Dapoli

Nadiya Parao Corbett (A Club Mahindra Associate
Resort)

Tiger Kingdom Ranthambore

Colonia Santa Maria Goa

Club Mahindra Bandhavgarh Meadows

Club Mahindra Ambaghat
Club Mahindra Chambers, Mahabaleshwar
Cradled by lush views of the Western Ghats, Chambers
Mahabaleshwar is a 200-year old property where old-world
charm meets an elevated stay. Colonial architecture inspires
much of the resort, which offers a mix of modern amenities,
specialty Maharashtrian cuisine, and access to some
incredible local attractions. Sunset walks by the Venna
Lake, deep valley views from Lodwick Point, a trip to the
ancient Mahabaleshwar Temple, or a taste of the town's
famous strawberry culture at Mapro Garden - Chambers is
a grand gateway to hill-town experiences.
CHAMBERS
MAHABALESHWAR

Board oversight and Group sustainability committees
ensure alignment, accountability and consistent ESG
performance across businesses. Guided by transparency,
ethics and long-term strategy, our governance strengthens
ESG policies, metrics and programmes.
Our Sustainability Mandate
Sustainability remains central to the Company s long-term
vision, with continued focus on embedding IT into core
business strategy. Guided by the Planet Positive
framework, Mahindra businesses are progressing across
four pillars - greening operations, decarbonising industry,
climate adaptation and just transition, and ESG leadership
and climate advocacy.
All Group companies follow Planet Positive-aligned plans
coordinated by the Group Sustainability Office, with
oversight from the Group CEO & MD. The Company
continues strong ESG leadership with high global ratings
and remains committed to Science Based Targets and
achieving carbon neutrality by 2040 or earlier.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | ESG Strategy
RISE FOR A MORE
EQUAL WORLD
ESG
Strategy
Mahindra s ESG approach reflects our belief that
responsible growth and enduring impact must go hand in
hand. As we navigate a rapidly changing global landscape,
sustainability remains a strategic lens through which we
innovate, operate and engage. Our nine commitments serve
as a roadmap for action - advancing decarbonisation,
circular economy practices, and water and biodiversity
stewardship.
Enabled by the #TogetherWeRise philosophy, we are
committed to delivering measurable progress that
empowers communities, strengthens economic resilience
and contributes to a more sustainable future. To deliver on
these commitments, we anchor our ESG strategy around
three interconnected pathways that guide our actions and
progress.
Planet Positive (Environment)
Our Planet Positive approach reflects a long-term
commitment to protecting natural capital, reducing
environmental impact and strengthening ecological
resilience. We continue to decarbonise our operations
through the pursuit of net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions,
while reducing waste, improving material circularity and
expanding greener portfolios encompassing electric
mobility, green buildings and renewable energy.
Climate adaptation and resilience building is a key new area
of focus with initiatives to address physical climate risks
(e.g., heat stress) and promote sustainable agriculture (e.g.,
drip irrigation). Beyond our direct operations, initiatives such
as afforestation and biodiversity conservation strengthen
our contribution to nature restoration, supporting our
ambition to progress towards carbon neutrality by 2040.
People Positive (Social)
Being People Positive means extending our impact beyond
our own operations to create shared value for society. We
are committed to building an inclusive, diverse and merit
driven workplace that empowers our employees to
contribute and grow. Our focused CSR interventions invest
in education for girls through Project Nanhi Kali, equipping
the next generation with the skills needed to participate
fully in society and the economy.
Similarly, our Project Kaabil empowers women with the
skills, confidence and platforms that they need to access
better livelihoods and shape their futures.
Finally, we aim to advance climate consideration as a part of
CSR by enabling just transition and climate resilience
practices by promoting skilling programmes across
regenerative agricultural practices.
Project Nanhi Kali
Equipping the next generation with skills
Project Kaabil
Empowering women through skilling
Trust Positive (Governance)
Trust Positive governance underpins Mahindra s pursuit of
sustainable and equitable growth. We uphold high standards
of transparency, accountability and ethical conduct across
our businesses, recognising trust as fundamental to
long-term stakeholder relationships.
By strengthening governance frameworks and fostering a
culture of integrity and responsibility, we reinforce
confidence in Mahindra as a principled and resilient
Reporting Frameworks
We have been disclosing information to all stakeholders in a
transparent manner through our Sustainability Report
aligned with the following frameworks:

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) recommendations.

United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

SEBI Business Responsibility & Sustainability Reporting
(BRSR).
Women
Empowerment
Continue providing skills
training to women
Renewable
Energy
100% of
Electrical Energy
Water
Positive
At Group
level
Nanhi
Kali
Continue supporting
girl child education
Zero Waste
100% Sites
Certified
EP100
Doubling Energy
Productivity
Carbon
Pricing
In Business
Decisions
ONGOING
Gold Standard
In Governance
Compliance and
Disclosures
MAINTAIN
Carbon Neutral
(Scope 1 & 2)
Science-based
Targets in place
ESG Governance
Planet
Positive
People
Positive
Trust
Positive

Oversight Structure
At the apex of our ESG governance is the Group Executive
Board, chaired by the Group CEO & MD. This board provides
strategic direction and oversees performance on ESG
priorities. Various committees and teams at sector and
business levels support this, ensuring vertical and
horizontal alignment.

Board-level oversight on ESG risks, opportunities and

Regular reviews of ESG performance indicators and
material issues.

ESG integrated into strategic planning, investment
decisions and risk frameworks.
Group-level Sustainability
Committees
To embed ESG governance consistently across the Group,
we have instituted a structured, multi-tiered governance
framework that integrates strategic direction with
execution and oversight. These Group-level sustainability
committees operate as cross-functional platforms, enabling
alignment between sustainability priorities and business
objectives across our diverse sectors. Together, they
support disciplined implementation, effective monitoring
and continuous improvement of ESG performance.
Internal Policy Landscape
Sustainability Policy
Our Planet Positive strategy at Mahindra Group is a
comprehensive approach to integrate environmental
sustainability as a core part of business strategy. We have
expanded our ambition from solely focusing on emissions
reduction (Carbon Neutral/Net-Zero) to embracing a
comprehensive set of goals that address emissions, water,
biodiversity, and more.
The mandate emphasises the importance of enablers like
leading on reporting and disclosures, incubating green
technology, advocating for climate action, and building
practical capabilities. Further details are available on the
Company s website.
Group Biodiversity Policy
Guided by a 'No Harm' approach, our businesses are focused
on protecting, restoring, and enhancing natural ecosystems
through responsible land use, green cover expansion, and
nature-aligned interventions that support both ecological
balance and community well-being. This approach is the
cornerstone of our Group-level Biodiversity Policy.
Read more at
https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/policies-and-docu
ments
Stakeholder Engagement
Mahindra Group maintains structured engagement with
those who depend on its operations and those whose
decisions shape its operating environment, ensuring that
material issues inform long-term planning and strategic
alignment. Through regular consultations, feedback loops
and a rigorous materiality process, the Group seeks to
ensure that its commitments remain grounded in
stakeholder expectations and emerging systemic
developments.
The Mahindra Group engages with key stakeholder groups
across its value chain, including employees, shareholders
and institutional investors, customers, suppliers, dealers,
government and advocacy organisations, and communities.
Stakeholder identification is guided by two core criteria -
dependence, referring to groups whose decisions influence
the organisation s ability to create long-term value, and
impact, referring to groups significantly affected by its
operations, products or services.
Material issues identified through the Group s materiality
assessment further inform this process, ensuring that
stakeholders with the closest connection to the Group s
most significant sustainability risks and opportunities are
prioritised for structured and meaningful engagement.
Engagement is undertaken through a mix of formal and
informal channels, including employee surveys, townhalls
and training programmes; annual reports, earnings calls,
general meetings and investor meets; customer feedback
and materiality surveys; supplier conferences, third-party
ESG and fire safety audits, and capability-building
programmes; dealer meets, audits and product trainings;
and participation in policy consultations, stakeholder
roundtables and industry platforms such as CII, FICCI,
ASSOCHAM and SIAM.
These processes support transparent communication and
help address material themes such as climate risk, supply
chain integrity, rural livelihoods and technology governance.
Within this overarching approach, M&M Ltd. and other Group
businesses implement stakeholder engagement practices
that are aligned with common Group principles while
remaining responsive to their specific operating contexts
and stakeholder priorities.
The Mahindra Group s digital platforms further extend
engagement beyond formal channels by enabling real-time
feedback, strengthening community connections and
communicating sustainability initiatives.
Materiality Assessment
Mahindra Group s materiality approach has evolved from
traditional stakeholder-priority assessments towards a
double materiality framework embedded within enterprise
strategy and risk governance processes.
This approach evaluates both impact materiality,
considering the Group s actual and potential effects on the
environment, and society and financial materiality,
assessing how sustainability-related risks and opportunities
may affect business performance and enterprise value over
the short, medium and long term.
Aligned with GRI Standards and globally recognised
frameworks, standards and ESG ratings, the Group s
materiality methodology follows a structured multi-step
process. Given the diverse nature of the Mahindra Group s
businesses, materiality assessments are designed to reflect
the specific operating contexts, sectoral priorities and
stakeholder ecosystems of individual businesses, while
aligning with the Group s broader framework.
This balanced approach enables each business to identify its
most critical sustainability priorities while preserving
Group-wide alignment to responsible business practices and
stakeholder value creation.
The final list of material topics is integrated into strategy,
enterprise risk management, resource allocation and
disclosure planning. High-priority topics form the basis for
sustainability roadmaps, performance monitoring and
target-setting, ensuring that material ESG issues are not
only reported but actively embedded into business planning
and oversight.
Further details on the stakeholder engagement and
materiality assessment are provided in the latest
Sustainability Report available at
https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/sustainability
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | ESG Strategy
Greening
Ourselves
Net Zero Scope 1 and 2
Emissions
~100% renewable energy,
increasing energy efficiency
and electrification
Net Zero on Water & Waste
>100% water positivity and zero
waste to landfill across
BUs/sites
Adopting Material
Circularity
Reduce, reuse, recycle,
green material
Decarbonise
Industries
(Address Scope 3)
Transition to Green Portfolio
Increase Green Aligned
revenues
EVs, net zero homes, renewables,
ELV recycling, EV finance, etc.
Net Zero supply chain
Decarbonise value chain
incl. MSMEs, sub-industries,
e.g. tyres, etc.
Attracting global impact
capital
Inbound investment by
climate capital
Climate
Adaptation &
Just Transition
Driving climate Adaptation
Promote sustainable agriculture
(e.g. drip irrigation) and address
physical climate risks (e.g. heat
stress)
Biodiversity conservation
Protecting and restoring
flora and fauna
Climate consideration in
CSR
Enable just transition and climate
resilience, e.g. regenerative agri.
skilling, RE skilling, etc.
ESG Leadership
& Climate
Advocacy
ESG leadership -
transparent reporting &
disclosures
Across global and domestic
ESG ratings
Advocacy across global &
domestic platforms
COP, WEF-Davos, climate
weeks
Partnerships & thought
leaders
Climate advocacy and policy
engagement with key
organisations
Enablers
Sustainability-linked business goals
(5-10% sustainability-linked KPIs in scorecard)
Capability building - strengthen execution
(leadership capability, green skilling
across functions)
Access to green technology
(with startup ecosystem - pilot, procure & invest)

Energy
Across the Group, Mahindra companies are leveraging
climate action as a strategic opportunity - advancing the
adoption of low-carbon technologies and transitioning
supply chains towards more sustainable production
pathways. These efforts support Mahindra s ambition of
carbon neutrality by 2040 while enabling businesses to
decarbonise operations, manage energy costs and
strengthen long-term competitiveness. Collectively, these
initiatives contribute meaningfully to the Sustainable
Development Goals and reinforce our Planet Positive vision.
Enhancing Energy Productivity (EP)
Beyond energy savings alone, improved energy productivity
strengthens operational efficiency, enhances process
reliability and helps reduce downtime and unplanned
shutdowns. At Mahindra, we adopt a holistic approach to
continuously improve energy productivity across our
operations. Performance is tracked and reviewed through
structured metrics, with energy productivity data monitored
separately for the Automotive Sector (AS) and the Farm
Equipment Sector (FES), enabling focused interventions and
sector-specific improvements.
The following is the EP data trend with respect to the
baseline year (2008-09).
Renewable Energy (RE)
Energy transition is pivotal in accelerating our efforts
towards achieving carbon neutrality and combating climate
emergency. We are swiftly transitioning from hydrocarbons
to incorporate cost-effective and eco-friendly energy
sources such as solar and wind into our energy portfolio.
Our installed capacity of renewable energy has reached
86 MWp, contributing significantly to the emissions
reduction.
In FY26, M&M's share of renewable electricity stood at
37%. Renewable electricity generation has increased by
7% compared to FY25. Additionally, renewable projects with
solar and wind installations are underway which will
enhance the renewable share in the overall energy mix.
Beyond our operations, we actively advocate for key
state-wise policy changes to accelerate RE adoption.
Case study
Compressed Air Optimisation at Manufacturing Plants,
Auto Division. Kandivali plant undertook a compressed air
optimisation project to improve energy efficiency by
replacing ageing screw compressors with energy-efficient
centrifugal compressors and segregating pressure lines
based on actual process demand.
The initiative addressed excess energy consumption and
reliability issues associated with legacy systems. The
upgraded configuration reduced specific power
consumption, lowered maintenance intensity and improved
uptime across critical operations. The project delivered a
measurable reduction in overall plant energy consumption
and is designed for replication across other manufacturing
locations.
Results: Approximately 3% reduction in overall plant
energy use, annual cost savings of ~₹0.5 crore, improved
reliability and a scalable pathway for plant-level energy
efficiency.
Water Stewardship
Water stewardship is a core element of Mahindra Group s
sustainability approach, designed to balance operational
requirements with responsible management of shared
water resources. Our efforts focus on improving water
efficiency through proactive leak identification, technology
enabled monitoring, rainwater harvesting and site level
conservation measures, complemented by community-led
water rejuvenation initiatives.
Through these interventions, we are progressing towards
our goal of becoming water positive - replenishing more
water than we consume - while reducing environmental
risk and strengthening operational efficiency.

Tech Mahindra earned an A Leadership score from
CDP for water security.

Mahindra Lifespaces targets water positive
development and net-zero water use by 2030.

Mahindra Logistics incorporates sustainable water
management at its facilities.

Mahindra Susten has achieved 100% water positivity
at the portfolio level. Our commitment to responsible
water management and conservation spans the entire
Group.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | ESG Strategy
~3%
Reduction in overall
plant energy use
~0.5 (₹ crore)
Annual cost
savings
Emissions Reduction & Energy
Transition
Mahindra Group has set a clear ambition to achieve carbon
neutrality by 2040 and continues to strengthen its climate
strategy through targeted emissions reduction actions
across its businesses. Anchored in Science Based Targets,
we are advancing the deployment of energy-efficient
processes, expanding the use of renewable energy and
leveraging digital solutions to support the shift towards a
low-carbon operating model.
These efforts span across both direct emissions from
operations (Scope 1 & 2) and value chain emissions (Scope
3), reinforcing our commitment to a comprehensive and
credible energy transition.
Sustainability In Operations
Environment KPI
(for M&M Ltd.)
Total Energy
Consumption (GJ)
GHG Emissions
(Scope 1) (tCO )
GHG Emissions
(Scope 2) (tCO )
GHG Emissions
(Scope 1+2) (tCO )
FY25
28,78,986
67,829
2,49,830
3,17,659
FY26
32,94,221
80,319
2,41,210
3,21,529
Environment KPI
(for M&M Ltd.)
Total Water
Consumption (m )
FY25
28,80,263
FY26
30,50,611
AS
FES
FY24
94%
87%
FY25
120%
94%
FY26
123%
118%
We aim to reduce Scope 1 &
Scope 2 emissions by 47%
per equivalent product unit
& Scope 3 emissions by
30% per sold product unit
by 2033, relative to a 2018
baseline.

Case study
Waste Management: Sealant Recovery Maximisation in
Manufacturing at Auto Division. This initiative addressed
sealant wastage in packaging and module assembly lines
through targeted process optimisation. The project focused
on reducing material losses during idle and purge cycles by
modifying machine parameters rather than introducing new
equipment. Key changes included increasing purging
interval delays, reducing purging cycle times, and
recalibrating sensor heights to ensure sealant is dispensed
only when required.
Results

These interventions resulted in ~85% reduction in
sealant waste per unit, while maintaining throughput
and product quality. The initiative was implemented
across both module and powerpack areas, with
consistent results across production lines.

Substantial waste reduction and recurring cost savings
estimated at ~₹2 crore annually, alongside improved
manufacturing discipline.
Biodiversity
At Mahindra, we believe that protecting biodiversity is not
just an ethical responsibility but also a vital pillar of our
sustainability strategy. Although our operations are not
adjacent to protected or key biodiversity areas, we are
committed to doing our part to conserve and enrich the
environment. Our approach is guided by the principle of 'no
harm', ensuring that our activities align with ecological
preservation and contribute positively to the world s natural
wealth.
Mahindra s Biodiversity Policy
In FY25, the Mahindra Group introduced its first Group
Biodiversity Policy, applicable across all our companies. This
policy is endorsed by the Group CEO & MD, and is publicly
available. IT underscores our commitment to operate
responsibly, with a strategy focused on rejuvenating nature .
The policy commits Mahindra Group to operate in harmony
with nature and follow a policy of no harm , laying down
the following principles for the Group:

We will be mindful of the impact on biodiversity from
our operations.

Follow no net loss, and encourage our supply chain to
do the same.

Adhere to relevant practices with a clear governance
structure with leadership oversight.

Play a role in global advocacy efforts.

Adhere to all relevant regulatory requirements (SEBI
BRSR, etc.).
Case Study
Mahindra Group s work on biodiversity and
nature-positive practices was featured in a case study
published by Business for Nature (BfN). Mahindra Group
has actively collaborated with Business for Nature through
policy advocacy, amplifying key campaigns and as a
signatory to three of BfN s flagship initiatives - Nature is
Everyone s Business, Make IT Mandatory and IT s Now for
Nature. The Group-wide Biodiversity Policy is a landmark
step towards our broader vision of becoming a
planet-positive organisation.
The case study showcases Mahindra s leadership in
integrating nature-positive practices into operations and
long-term strategy. Group initiatives such as water
positivity, ecosystem rejuvenation and sustainable farming
practices have been featured, while demonstrating
measurable impacts that contribute to India s sustainability
goals. The case study also reflects Mahindra s alignment
with Business for Nature s ACT-D framework for biodiversity
action. This case study positions us among the select
businesses globally to have our nature conservation and
climate efforts recognised by BfN, reinforcing our leadership
in this space.
Case Study
Water Positive Operations through RO Reject Water
Reuse at Mahindra Research Valley (MRV). MRV operates
dedicated vehicle test tracks where water quality plays a
critical role in ensuring consistent testing conditions,
particularly for ABS wet surface evaluations. To meet these
requirements, MRV relies on a reverse osmosis (RO) plant to
supply high-quality water for track sprinklers. This process,
however, also generates reject water that was earlier being
discharged.
To improve water efficiency, the MRV team assessed the
quality of RO reject water and established that, within
defined TDS limits (BIS IS 10500), IT was suitable for
non-process applications such as gardening and
landscaping. Based on this evaluation, the reject water
outlet was modified to divert water into a dedicated
storage tank using simple plumbing additions and metering.
The intervention was implemented using existing project
spares, with no incremental capital expenditure.
The solution has also been designed for replication across
other RO plants within MRV, reinforcing a structured
approach towards water reuse and efficiency.
Results

5% reduction in overall water consumption for the
affected operations.

Associated operating cost savings and establishment
of a scalable model for process-level water reuse
within high-precision testing infrastructure.

By converting RO reject water into a usable resource,
MRV has reduced its reliance on externally sourced
freshwater while maintaining operational integrity of
the test facility.
Waste & Circularity
With growing pressure on finite planetary resources,
reducing material consumption and unlocking value from
waste are essential to sustainable growth. At Mahindra, we
prioritise resource efficiency by minimising material use at
source and adopting circular practices that convert waste
streams into productive inputs. This approach reduces
dependence on virgin raw materials, encourages innovation
across operations and lowers overall environmental impact.
Across the Group, most of our manufacturing facilities
operate under a Zero Waste to Landfill (ZWL) framework.
Hazardous waste is responsibly managed through diversion
to authorised recyclers and co-processing in cement kilns,
ensuring safe disposal while contributing to resource
recovery. In FY26, we generated 14,065 tonne and
successfully diverted 9,610 tonne of hazardous waste.
Circularity is essential for long-term resilience and
sustainability. As 70% of GHG emissions stem from material
use and recent resource extraction has outpaced the entire
20th century, we focus on moving away from the linear
'take-make-waste' model by keeping materials in use
through recycling, efficiency, product innovation and green
materials. Our approach is driven by two focus areas -
circular business models and circular operations.
Case Study
Circularity: Sustainable Tractor Driveline Design at Farm
Division. The business implemented a sustainable tractor
driveline design on the H2 Arjun platform with a clear focus
on optimising material use while enhancing performance.
The initiative centred on re-engineering key drivetrain and
transmission components to reduce weight without
compromising durability, safety, or functional reliability.
Design interventions included integrated brake assemblies,
lighter rear axle carriers and optimised hydraulic lift units.
Results

Reduction of ~40 kg per tractor, equivalent to 2 - 3%
of total vehicle weight, delivered at scale across high
volume platforms, improving fuel efficiency in the field
while reducing upstream emissions associated with
material extraction, casting, machining and logistics.

Beyond material reduction, the redesigned architecture
simplifies maintenance, improves serviceability and
enhances overall durability under demanding
agricultural conditions.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | ESG Strategy
>100 (kilolitre)
Water reused, offsetting
SIPCOT freshwater
consumption.
~320 (kilolitre)
Annual water reuse
potential
~650 (tonne)
Avoided CO emissions
per tractor
~7.5 (₹ crore)
Recurring cost saving
yearly

Mahindra s Green Portfolio
Sustainability is embedded into how we design,
manufacture, and deliver our products. By placing
sustainability at the core of innovation, we are moving from
impact reduction to impact creation. We are developing
solutions that support a resilient, lower carbon future,
integrating sustainability directly into our core business
strategy.
Enabling Sustainable Supply
Chain
We are embedding these principles deeper across
ecosystems and actively shaping the broader sustainability
agenda through global forums and long-term, high-impact
partnerships. Across the Group, we work closely with
suppliers to drive responsible production, optimise logistics,
reduce emissions, manage waste and conserve resources.
This collective action reflects our partners dedication
across sectors and value chains to help us achieve our
sustainability goals.
Together, these initiatives reflect Mahindra s commitment to
building a diversified green portfolio that drives innovation,
enables sustainable choices, and contributes meaningfully
to a Planet Positive future.
Our green portfolio spans multiple thematic business areas.
A key pillar of Planet Positive Mahindra is industrial
decarbonisation, with a focus on building a net-zero supply
chain. We support suppliers through a comprehensive,
cross-sectoral approach that integrates sustainability
across supply chain practices.
From sharing best practices and promoting electric and
alternative fuel vehicles to scaling circular economy
initiatives, such as responsible end-of-life vehicle recycling,
we are moving forward together, across all Mahindra
businesses, towards a greener, more resilient future.
To support this vision, M&M is working closely with partners
to build a greener and more resilient future through:

Embedding sustainability principles.

Enhancing production responsibility.

Optimising logistics.

Reducing carbon footprint and improving waste
management.

Resource conservation in collaboration with partners.
To date, over 95% of M&M suppliers have formally
committed to Mahindra Suppliers Code of Conduct.
As part of its commitment to building sustainable supply
chains, Mahindra Group in collaboration with Xynteo
conducted a workshop: 'Accelerating sustainable practices
in the tyre value chain' focusing on sustainable practices
across manufacturing and end-of-life management of tyres.
The event had representation from tyre OEMs and featured
insights on sustainable manufacturing and recycling
processes, panel discussions with industry leaders on
scaling tyre recycling in India, recyclers sharing global best
practices and supply chain partners showcasing innovations
in tyre recycling and sustainable sourcing.
Global Impact Capital
Mahindra Group has raised ~$600M in green investments
(BII, Temasek, IFC, OTPP, IJF-NIIF) across various green
businesses (M&M, LMM, Susten).
Climate Adaptation
India is the 7th most vulnerable country to climate change,
with escalating temperatures and rapid urban growth
transforming heat into an operational and financial risk for
business. According to the World Economic Forum s Global
Risks Report, climate-related risks dominate the medium to
long-term global risk landscape, highlighting the urgency of
adaptation alongside ongoing mitigation efforts.
Mahindra Group s approach to climate adaptation has been
as follows:

Heat Adaptation: We have initiated a structured heat
resilience programme with cross-functional ownership
for better governance, piloting on-ground scalable,
low-cost interventions like cooling wearables and shift
redesign, developing standard operating procedures
and audit frameworks, and shaping the ecosystem to
advance heat resilience as a core adaptation priority.

Smart Agriculture for Climate Adaptation: Mahindra
promotes farm resilience and efficiency through
technology-driven solutions (like precision spraying)
and grassroots programmes like Takneek plots that
build farmer skills. These efforts are supported by
innovation, partnerships, and digital platforms like
Krish-e to expand adoption and impact.

Just Transition: Through initiatives like large-scale
skilling programmes, renewable energy training, rural
skilling, and EV capability-building, the Group is
expanding employment opportunities while supporting
a low-carbon transition across employees,
communities, and the value chain.
Beyond our operations, external stakeholder collaboration
is key on this topic with a strong resonance from the NBFC
ecosystem on multiple roundtables we conducted on
climate risk.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | ESG Strategy
For more information on Mahindra s sustainability performance and initiatives,
please refer to our Sustainability Report 2025-26
Global Sustainability Ratings

DJSI (Dow Jones Sustainability Index): M&M - Global
leaders in the auto (M&M) and IT (TechM) industry (top
1% score).

CDP: Multiple 'A' rating (highest) in climate (Top 5%
globally) for Group companies (M&M, Tech M).
Awards, Recognitions & Features

Mahindra Group selected as part of World Economic
Forum s global strategic advisory body on
sustainability (12 companies globally out of 200+ large
MNCs in WEF).

Recognised in TIME's World's most sustainable
companies list 2025 (one of 12 Indian companies out
of the total 500 companies in the list).

Multiple APAC climate and sustainability leadership
recognitions (Financial Times, Globescan, etc.).
Global Recognition
Integrating Sustainability in Strategy
~2,000
Engagement with Tier-1
suppliers
300+
Engagement with the
dealers
Electric Mobility
Zero tailpipe mobility solutions that
advance the transition for cleaner
transportation.
Renewable Energy
Large scale solar initiatives supporting
clean energy and decarbonisation.
Green Logistics
Electric fleets and AI-enabled logistics for
efficient, low-carbon supply chains.
Green Buildings & Hospitality
Sustainable materials and energy-efficient
design for lower environmental impact.
Circular Products & Sourcing
Responsible sourcing and recyclability
across the product lifecycle.
Smart Agriculture
Precision technologies and micro irrigation
for efficient water use and higher
productivity.

Mahindra Accelerated Leadership Track (MALT)
MALT is designed to prepare mid-career talent with
demonstrated potential and ambition for senior
leadership roles. Partnered with Carnegie Mellon
University, IT blends academic rigour with real-world
application.
Participants engage with complex leadership
challenges, enterprise problem-solving, and
cross-business exposure, building the mindset required
to lead at scale. The programme has been empowering
161 individuals across batches.

Mahindra Leaders Program (MLP)
MLP serves as our flagship campus-to-corporate
initiative. Designed for high-potential talent from
leading Indian B-schools, MLP is an immersive,
rotation-based programme that provides early
exposure to Group strategy, core businesses, and
cross-sector problem solving.

EDGE (Enhanced Development & Growth
Experience)
EDGE is a flagship talent development programme
across the Auto and Farm businesses. The programme
plays a pivotal role in strengthening the organisation s
leadership pipeline by systematically identifying,
differentiating and developing high-potential leaders
who are critical to future business continuity and
EDGE selections are undertaken through a robust
process, ensuring objectivity and leadership alignment.
Quarterly talent reviews with senior leadership enable
focused discussions on readiness, next roles, and
long-term career aspirations. This strengthens the
leadership bench for business continuity.
PEOPLE & CUL
Our people are the driving force behind Mahindra Group s
success, propelling us to new heights. Their boundless
passion, and unwavering dedication ignite every pioneering
achievement, making them the heartbeat of our
Our officers and associates embody the spirit of
#TogetherWeRise across multiple industries, global locations,
and varied roles. They spark innovation, cultivate an
inclusive environment, and shape an agile, future-ready
This section offers a window into our deep-seated
commitment to fostering our people. We don t just invest in
their professional growth through development
programmes and rewards; we cultivate an environment
deeply rooted in equity, empathy, and excellence. From
leadership acceleration and cutting-edge digital learning
platforms to inclusive hiring practices and comprehensive
well-being policies, Mahindra empowers everyone to flourish
and ascend with holistic support.
We foster a future-ready culture that embraces continuous
learning, celebrates diversity, and nurtures leaders at every
level.
Anchored in Purpose and Rise
Our culture is the bedrock of our performance and the
north star for every decision. IT is deeply rooted in
Mahindra s philosophy of cultivating an ecosystem where
collaboration, innovation, and empathy coalesce. The
Rise philosophy is more than a belief, IT is an empowering
force that encourages individuals to push boundaries,
drive positive change, and champion inclusion.
The Rise for a more equal world pillar prioritises equality for
our associates and the communities we serve.
Enhanced Focus on Talent
Excellence
At Mahindra, leadership is continually shaped through
potential, exposure, and opportunity. We believe leadership
is a holistic journey where individuals continuously Rise -
through multi-faceted aspects across learning, challenge,
and purpose.
Rise to Lead is an embodiment of this belief, where
aspiration meets accountability and promise transforms
into preparedness. From young professionals taking their
first enterprise-wide decisions to senior leaders navigating
complexity at scale, Mahindra is where leaders are
consciously built across stages.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | People & Culture
As our businesses grow, building a resilient, inclusive, and
future-ready leadership pipeline that evolves with the
organisation is a constant priority. This philosophy is
delivered through a carefully designed ecosystem of
campus engagement, leadership development, global
partnerships, and evidence-led talent decisions, to create
sustained, enterprise-wide impact.
A Strategic View: Our Talent Priorities
At the heart of Mahindra s people strategy lies a clear,
interconnected focus across four broad themes
Comprehensive Talent Development
at Every Stage
Key Partnerships
Structured Governance
Campus Engagement
Comprehensive Talent Development at Every Stage
Our leadership philosophy is rooted in continuity. We
believe in developing talent early and enabling growth
across career stages through deliberate, integrated
pathways.
Participants across five Future Shapers batches
Participants across five MALT batches

Mahindra Future Shapers
Our premier programme for senior leaders, in
partnership with global institutions and renowned
professionals, is focused on shaping enterprise-wide
thinking, strategic leadership, and future readiness. This
helps develop a leadership pipeline that ensures the
longevity and prosperity of the organisation. Over the
years, the programme has empowered 130 individuals
to innovate, inspire teams, and drive the company s
evolution into the future.
TURE

Key Highlights of the Year
The year saw the successful delivery of several high-impact,
flagship functional programmes.
MLU strengthened capability building across functions
through structured academies:

HR Unnati
A comprehensive journey for HR professionals,
covering business acumen, analytics, AI,
competency-based interviewing, rewards, and IR -
culminating in certification.

Tech Wizards
The flagship programme for technology leaders,
enabling growth mindset, executive presence, and
cross-functional leadership through immersive and
application-led learning.

Emerging Finance Leaders Program
Designed to build next-generation finance leaders with
strong business, strategic, and financial capabilities.

Controllership Program
A Group-wide programme designed with IIM
Ahmedabad, for frontline finance talent in
controllership, equipping them to uphold the highest
standards of governance.

She Is On The Rise
A high-impact programme focused on accelerating
women leaders, building confidence, leadership
presence, and holistic progression within the Group.
MLU s all-encompassing development approach continues
to blend classroom experiences with digital innovation,
coaching, and real-world application.
Key Functional L&D Tracks
Capability building at Mahindra is anchored in a tiered,
persona-based architecture that enables structured
development from frontline roles to senior leadership,
aligned to role complexity and leadership maturity.
At the foundation, some key culture assimilation
programmes such as Safe2Express and Customer
Obsession establish shared values, psychological safety, and
a strong customer-first mindset across cohorts, ensuring
organisational alignment and consistent leadership
behaviours.
These Signature Programmes form the cross-cutting
development layer, combining leadership, behavioural, and
functional capabilities through blended and scalable
interventions. These programmes address enterprise-wide
capability priorities such as business acumen, execution
excellence, collaboration, and people leadership, while
remaining flexible to evolving business needs.
Key Partnerships
Our strategic partnerships with Carnegie Mellon University
and Oxford University infuse our programmes with global
best practices, cutting-edge insights, and academic rigour.
Beyond advancing leadership learning, these partnerships
fortify Mahindra s internal capabilities.
They empower our leaders to navigate ambiguity, spearhead
transformation, and lead with a clear purpose.
We have consistently received external recognition for our
efforts, validating our approach and cementing our
reputation as an Employer of Choice in a competitive talent
market.

ETHR Future Skills Awards 2025 has recognised
Mahindra Leadership University (MLU) as one of the
Best Corporate Learning Universities and Best
Advanced GenAI Learning Solution .

M&M ranked 4th in the Unstop Talent Awards 2026 for
Desirable General Management Recruiters.
Structured Governance
A robust review mechanism underpins our talent
ecosystem. Structured talent reviews, MLP and MALT
councils, and succession planning forums ensure that
decisions are objective, data-led, and future-focused. These
allow us to actively convert potential into leadership
outcomes through targeted exposure and mobility.
Campus Engagement
Our campus engagement philosophy is centred on
connection, experience, and long-term relationships. The
Mahindra Rise Challenge (MRC) exemplifies this through
real business problems, leadership interactions, and
immersion into Mahindra s universe.
For participants and winners alike, MRC serves as a
powerful gateway into understanding Mahindra, not just as
an employer, but as a leadership platform
Leadership Development &
Learning Initiatives
Mahindra Leadership University (MLU) remains a
cornerstone in developing a leadership pipeline tailored to
the future needs of the Group. Rooted in the Group s core
values of Integrity, Quality, and Care, MLU is devoted to
nurturing agile, bold and collaborative leaders.
During the year, MLU delivered 90+ learning interventions,
impacting 2,200+ learners across businesses. These
programmes are meticulously crafted to ensure that our
talent is well-prepared to navigate complexities and
spearhead sustainable growth.
90+
Learning Interventions
delivered by MLU
2,200+
Learners across businesses
Digital learning initiatives
launched in FY26
Integration of digital learning has been a key focus area for
MLU. IT launched 34 digital learning initiatives in FY26,
including a strong push towards micro-learning, bite-sized
modules designed for easy, on-the-go consumption.
This approach has facilitated scalable personalised learning
experiences, substantially boosting learner engagement.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | People & Culture
Functional Talent Accelerators
As we accelerate into the software defined vehicles era,
Mahindra Research Valley (MRV) is focused on building a
strong, future-ready talent reservoir. With the right mix of
expertise, diversity, and agility, we are prepared to support
an unprecedented scale and complexity of product delivery.
Talent ramp-up has been guided by a conscious emphasis
on early career hiring, gender and geographic diversity, and
niche technology skills. This enables us to infuse fresh
perspectives while strengthening depth in critical domains.
We built depth across emerging domains such as ADAS,
SDVs, connected cars, cybersecurity, electric powertrains,
and advanced vehicle systems. Hiring of international talent
in select areas has further augmented in-house capabilities,
bringing international best practices and specialised
knowledge.
Early career talent has emerged as a strategic lever,
ensuring faster adoption of new technologies and a strong
leadership pipeline. MRV has made significant investments
in skilling and institutional capability building to stay ahead
of the rapid technology shifts.
Teams were upskilled in electric powertrain calibration,
vehicle diagnostics, ADAS validation, vehicle dynamics,
aerodynamics, and software evaluation. Capabilities have
been further bolstered by world-class innovation
infrastructure, including battery and cell labs, crash and
safety labs, cybersecurity and ADAS testing facilities.
The deliberate combination of scaled and diverse hiring, and
focused capability building has created a future-ready
workforce that can absorb fast-evolving technologies while
delivering complex, high-quality products at speed.

Mahindra Technical Academy rolled out over 200
dynamic learning programmes, enhancing both
technical and behavioural capabilities.

A strong focus on gender diversity has yielded a
transformational increase in women representation.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | People & Culture
Transformational Work Culture
Mahindra s Transformational Work Culture is anchored in a
commitment to nurture an engaged, innovative, and
empowered workforce. A blend of structured programmes
and collaborative practices cultivates an environment
where employees, union leaders, and families become active
participants in evolving the work culture.
A focus on self-managed teams and specialised training
initiatives is a key driver of this transformation. Initiatives
like TPM, Yashashwini, and behaviour-based safety are
complemented by efforts around financial awareness and
need-based skill building. Programmes such as Nayi Soch -
Naya Drishtikon foster a customer centric mindset and
develop an outside-in perspective. Suggestion schemes
(UDAAN), idea-generation platforms (i4) and recognition
awards (Rise Award, Star of the Month, Employee of the
Year) strengthen employee morale, reward excellence, and
fuel innovation.
We reinforce a culture of compliance and professionalism by
providing comprehensive training across Code of Conduct,
Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH), Anti-Bribery and
Anti-Corruption (ABAC), safety, and human rights to all
employees. The organisation also advances inclusive
workplace initiatives such as gender-neutral workstations,
opportunities for specially-abled associates, and an
all-women Pink Line assembly.
Future-ready skill building remains central, achieved via
rigorous training need identification and technical
development programmes in robotics, electric vehicle
technology, mechatronics, and other emerging fields.
Additionally, dedicated employment assistance is provided
for diploma trainees via SETU, ensuring employees are
equipped to meet technological advancements and industry
demands confidently.
The Mahindra Skill Excellence platform elevates
shop-floor associates by fostering technical proficiency,
process discipline, behavioural competencies, and providing
skill competitions across specific domains to meet
evolving industry demands. The platform had over 2,500
participants across Auto and Farm plants in FY26.
Employee Experience
Moments @ Mahindra is rooted in our value of Care and
the why behind how we show up. We extend our customer
obsession ethos to our internal customer - the employee.
Our employee obsession translates to continuously
listening with intent, simplifying journeys, and acting
promptly to make every moment better than the last.
We have anchored execution on design principles of
Simplification, Scalability, Sustainability, and Standardisation,
enabled by technology. Based on this, the Onboarding 2.0
initiative transforms employee experience with
personalised and tech-enabled pre-joining processes,
paperless documentation, and smooth onboarding.
Continuous listening is achieved through AI-driven
sentiment analysis, with phase-wise rollouts across key
moments. Recognition is personalised and prompt,
enhancing motivation. Offboarding is streamlined with fully
automated processes, real-time tracking, and improved
transparency, leaving a lasting positive impression and
fostering alumni connectivity.
Overall Well-Being
The WeRise programme creates a positive environment
through several celebrations and health & well-being
programmes for the employees at the Group Corporate
Office. IT focuses on enhancing holistic employee well-being,
strengthening team bonds, and nurturing creativity, making
every day at work more enjoyable and fulfilling.

Festive and Special Day Celebrations: Over the year,
we celebrated cultural festivals and nationally
significant days alike with engaging and immersive
activities.

Health Webinars and Consultations: Free sessions and
consultations with specialists from renowned hospitals
were organised, covering physiological and
psychological well-being of employees.
Key Highlights

Employee health index: A framework that evaluates
the overall well-being of employees by examining
blood parameters, physical health, nutrition and sleep
quality.

Way to Wellness App: Quick access to a variety of
features aimed at promoting a healthier lifestyle.

Wellness screening camps: Comprehensive health
assessment of employees, aiming to identify potential
health risks and promote early intervention.

Awareness sessions (virtual and in-person) led by
experts on topics like mental health, nutrition and
lifestyle modifications for employees and their families.
Inclusive Hiring Practices
We actively champion diversity in hiring to attract, retain,
and develop talent from under-represented groups such
as women, veterans, gig workers and persons with
disabilities. Gender diversity within technology and business
operations remains a key focus area, supported by fair and
inclusive recruitment processes. While diversity and
inclusion are key, merit and qualifications remain the
foundation of all recruitment decisions.
Key initiatives include:

Training for Hiring Managers: The Hire Right
programme equips managers with tools and
techniques to identify and eliminate biases in hiring
decisions.

Inclusive Job Descriptions: We leverage AI-enhanced
tools to ensure job descriptions have bias-free
language, emphasising qualifications and skills to
attract diverse applicants.

Equal Opportunities: Every applicant is provided
with a fair chance to succeed, irrespective of their
background, ensuring a meritocratic hiring process
where skills and talent are prioritised.
Themed celebrations and engagement activities across
plants emphasised quality as a shared responsibility.
Industrial relations have remained positive and
collaborative, marked by amicable settlements,
productivity-linked incentive frameworks, and sustained
partnerships between management and unions. Long-term
wage and bonus agreements, along with strengthened
productivity-linked incentive frameworks, were concluded
well. Proactive engagement strategies and periodic union
meetings have eliminated disputes and fostered mutual
trust. These sustained efforts led to zero production losses
during the year.
Mahindra Logistics, in partnership with L Oréal India, has
operationalised India s first all-women-operated warehouse
in Indore. The site is staffed by 25 women working across
the value chain, backed by structured capability building in
safety, POSH, self-defence, and shopfloor execution. Beyond
representation, the initiative is delivering tangible business
outcomes strengthening regional distribution across Central
India. IT reflects a clear shift from inclusion as intent to
inclusion as a performance enabler.
Through these multi-faceted
efforts, we foster a
transformative workplace that
balances innovation, inclusivity,
compliance, and well-being,
ultimately equipping every
employee to flourish.
Enhanced focus on Health and Safety
We uphold rigorous safety standards and continuously
refine processes in line with technological advancements
and industry best practices. The Employee Health Index
serves as an individualised monitoring tool, helping to
identify employees who may require focused counselling
and support. Regular health parameter check-ups were
conducted across plants, expert-led awareness sessions on
lifestyle improvement, mental and emotional well-being,
nutrition, and mindfulness were conducted regularly for
employees and families.
As part of ongoing hygiene awareness initiatives, pad care
machines and sanitary bins were installed across key plants.
Employees also participated in yoga sessions, preventive
healthcare programmes, and cancer awareness initiatives.
Additionally, digitised safety training kiosks were
implemented across manufacturing locations to reinforce
safe work behaviours.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is at the heart of our Group
companies, driving us forward continuously, as evidenced by
our impactful initiatives. In addition to mentorship
programmes and support networks at Mahindra,
programmes like Mahindra Finance s Prarambh
(Hire-Train-Deploy Model) lay the groundwork for
development. Key sectors also conduct thematic Inclusion
Week Celebrations and Pride Internship Programmes that
exuberantly celebrate and integrate diversity.
Additionally, our businesses have customised Professional
Development Platforms, which exemplify our steadfast
commitment to an inclusive and equitable environment
where every individual is empowered.
At Tech Mahindra, the Inclusive Language Campaign serves
as a powerful catalyst for building a respectful, equitable
and truly inclusive workplace. As a critical enabler of the
DEI journey, the initiative sensitises associates to the impact
of language on dignity and belonging, addressing nuances
such as ageism, sexism, ableism, racism, and linguistic bias.
The campaign includes a structured online learning module
and Train-the-Trainer sessions that empower associates to
conduct the training themselves, within their teams or
location. To date, training sessions have engaged over 600
associates. The #HerStory Talk Series is another flagship
initiative that celebrates the journeys, voices, and lived
experiences of inspiring women across the organisation. By
spotlighting trailblazing stories, IT creates powerful role
models, sparks aspiration, and fosters a strong sense of
community.
These efforts are complemented by initiatives such as the
Maternity Assistance Programme (RESTART), women
leadership programmes, culture trainings, wellness
programmes for diverse groups, etc., continue to strengthen
Tech Mahindra s inclusive ecosystem.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | People & Culture

Incentivised Referrals: Our referral programme offers
an additional 25% incentive for successful female
candidates referred, encouraging employees to bring
diverse talent into the organisation.

Expanding Networks: We continuously broaden our
outreach by partnering with diverse organisations,
educational institutions, and professional networks to
access untapped talent pools and foster greater
inclusion.

SOAR Returnship Programme: This programme offers
tailored training, mentorship, and opportunities to
reintegrate into the workforce post a career break,
especially supporting women and other
under-represented groups.
Strategic View on Critical Talent Acquisition Measures

Group Mobility Platform
This is a strategic tool for internal talent movement
that offers One View of All Jobs Across Sectors . IT
serves as a unified platform for employees to explore
internal opportunities across the Group, encouraging
cross-sector mobility and supporting career growth.

Proactive Mapping and Engagement with Candidates
We actively identify and engage with high-potential
candidates for critical roles. This ensures a strong
pipeline of diverse talent aligned with future business
needs.
Honouring Service: Veteran Talent Integration and
Building a Leadership Pipeline
Mahindra Logistics has now launched a focused Account
Delivery Manager hiring programme. This marks a shift from
opportunistic hiring to a structured leadership pipeline for
veterans, with veterans being onboarded into frontline
leadership roles.
This enables targeted deployment of veteran talent across
critical functions to strengthen execution and leadership
depth.

Mentorship programme: The Mentorship programme
is an instrumental initiative at the Auto and Farm
Sector, designed to cultivate a culture of perpetual
learning, knowledge sharing and skill development. In
this initiative, employees of diverse backgrounds
(including men and women) are paired with senior
leaders as mentors, ensuring a rich diversity of insights
and experience sharing.

Robust ERG Networks: Employee Resource Group
(ERG) Networks at the Auto and Farm sector have
grown impressively from 7 ERGs in FY25 to 28 ERGs in
FY26, engaging 200+ members. They are pivotal to
addressing local challenges and creating an inclusive
workplace that caters to the diverse needs and
experiences of employees. Their contributions range
from bridging process and infrastructure gaps to
championing our Diversity & Inclusion agenda. They are
governed by a central charter that lays out clear roles
and responsibilities.
Building an Ethical Culture
At Mahindra, ethics shape our core, ensuring every action
and decision embodies integrity, dignity, and accountability.
Our proactive, inclusive approach empowers all associates
with essential training in the Code of Conduct, ABAC, and
Human Rights.
Our POSH initiatives are anchored in education and
outreach, utilising vernacular content, continuous email
campaigns, and induction-based learning. Internal
committee members were trained on capability and skill
building. The POSH Policy has been translated into eight
vernacular languages. These efforts ensure every voice is
protected, respected, and heard.
We also have a community of 170+ Ethics Counsellors,
helping us amplify our core values and facilitating regular
conversations and training awareness with their cohorts.
They are trained by subject matter experts (internal /
external) on ethics and policies throughout the year. During
the year, they have trained 4,000+ employees across
geographies on various codes and policies, including
appropriate real-life case studies (while maintaining
confidentiality). These efforts embody Mahindra s steadfast
commitment in this domain.
170+
Community of Ethics Counsellors
4,000+
Employees trained across geographies on various codes
and policies by Ethics Counsellors
Translated vernacular languages for POSH Policy
Performance with Purpose,
Total Rewards and Enabling
Policies
The Rise pillars, Rise for a More Equal World and Rise to be
Future-Ready, shape how we recognise and reward talent,
innovation and responsible leadership. Rewards are
designed not only to attract and retain talent but also to
reinforce behaviours that align with sustainability, inclusion
and customer centricity. Our rewards integrate
compensation, benefits, well-being and career opportunities
to create an environment where our associates can thrive
and deliver sustained impact.
Our philosophy is designed to attract, retain and energise
high-quality talent through a balanced mix of
performance-linked rewards, inclusive practices and
life-stage flexibility. Rooted in Mahindra Behaviours -
Collaborative, Agile, Bold, our PMS philosophy aims to
foster meaningful dialogue, real-time feedback, and
leadership-aligned development. Compensation at Mahindra
is guided by the principles of meritocracy, fairness, and
market competitiveness. We benchmark our pay structures
regularly to ensure alignment with industry standards while
differentiating rewards based on performance, potential,
and role criticality.
A significant component of rewards is performance-linked
variable pay, transparently tied to financial and ESG
outcomes. This aligns individual contributions with
long-term value creation. For senior leadership, incentives
such as equity-based programmes reinforce ownership and
shared success, fostering accountability and sustained
performance.
Beyond financial rewards, we place strong emphasis on
employee well-being and holistic development. Our
offerings span physical, emotional, and financial wellness,
supported by policies that provide flexibility across different
life stages - medical allowances, education assistance,
mobile reimbursements, and sabbatical options. To foster a
supportive environment for families, we have initiatives
such as women s travel safety policies, an extensive 5-year
maternity support policy, and provisions for surrogacy,
adoption, and IVF. Our goal is to ensure every team member
feels fully supported and valued in all aspects of their
professional and personal lives.
Our Total Rewards philosophy is
about truly enabling our people
to Rise - by harmonising and
aligning individual growth with
organisational success, and by
creating a workplace where
performance, purpose, and
well-being come together
seamlessly.

SOCIAL IMPACT
We believe progress becomes meaningful when IT creates
pathways for every individual and community to Rise. Our
approach to social impact is rooted in a fundamental belief
in equity, dignity, and the power of shared prosperity.
One conviction drives everything we do: Only when we
enable others to rise will we rise. Through meaningful
collaboration with communities, institutions, and civil
society, we work to unlock potential, build resilience, and
widen access to opportunities that can truly transform
lives.
Social Capital in our Value Creation
For the Mahindra Group, Social Capital is the foundation on
which sustainable, long-term value is built.
Our community engagement is built on genuine listening
and deep-rooted partnerships with local institutions,
ensuring our interventions respond to both national
imperatives and ground-level realities.
By embedding social impact at the heart of our value
creation model, we are working towards a future that is
both economically resilient and inclusive.
In FY26, we deepened this commitment through focused,
scalable CSR interventions across education, livelihoods,
health, water conservation, and community resilience. A key
milestone was the launch of a maternal and newborn
healthcare initiative, expanding our focus to critical
early-life and maternal care needs.
Our flagship programmes continued to create meaningful
impact, including Project Nanhi Kali, which empowered girls
through education, 21st century skills, and sports leadership,
and Kaabil, which equipped women with employable skills
and pathways to financial independence. We also
strengthened access to higher education through
institutional support and scholarships, and advanced
future-ready skilling by supporting technical infrastructure
and capacity building across 70 ITIs.
Through water conservation and sustainable agriculture
initiatives, we continued working closely with rural
communities to enhance water security and promote
responsible resource management. By building partnerships,
aligning with the SDGs and deepening community
engagement, we remain committed to shaping a more
inclusive and resilient India - one where every individual
can Rise.
220 crore
M&M Ltd. CSR Investment*
392 crore
Group CSR Investment*
(including subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures)
*Inclusive of amount allocated towards ongoing projects
Empowering Girls -
Project Nanhi Kali
Educating a girl is one of the most powerful ways to build a
more equitable world. Project Nanhi Kali, the flagship girls
education initiative of M&M Ltd., works to bridge
opportunity gaps for underserved girls, empowering them
to pursue higher education, secure meaningful employment,
and lead independent lives with confidence.
The programme equips girls with essential 21st century
skills while fostering leadership through sports. Their
learning journey is further supported through the annual
Nanhi Kali Kit, enabling them to attend school with dignity.
In addition, Skill Bridge, a shorter-duration programme,
focuses on improving English fluency and enhancing job
readiness among adolescent girls. In parallel, the Teacher
Training initiative, aligned with the National Education
Policy 2020, equips educators to integrate 21st century
skills into classroom teaching.
Since its inception, Project Nanhi Kali has significantly
improved attendance, reduced dropout rates, and ensured
continuity of education for marginalised girls.
Key Components of Project Nanhi Kali

21st Century Skills: A comprehensive curriculum
covering financial literacy, digital literacy, and essential
life skills such as critical thinking, communication and
gender sensitisation.

Sports Leadership Development: A professionally
designed sports curriculum that builds confidence,
teamwork, and leadership.

Nanhi Kali Kit: An annual kit comprising a drawstring
bag, T-shirts, shoes, socks, notebooks, pens and a
year-long supply of feminine hygiene materials.
FY26 Impact
Project Nanhi Kali

1,81,037 girls trained in 21st century and sports
leadership skills across 1,935 schools in 7 states.

1,00,007 girls supported by the Mahindra Group.

55,406 girls supported by M&M Ltd.
Skill Bridge

13,355 girls trained in job preparedness across 6
states.

7,000 girls supported by M&M Ltd.
Teacher Training

M&M Ltd. supported teacher training for 1,500
teachers in Assam, benefiting 78,676 girls.
Since its inception, Project Nanhi Kali has empowered
girls from underserved communities across 15
states through education.
Over 9.4 lakh
Girls empowered by Project Nanhi Kali since inception
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | Social Impact

Empowering Women -
Project Kaabil
Kaabil, Mahindra Group s flagship women empowerment
initiative, is designed as a collective of organisations
working together to unlock women s workforce
participation at scale and contribute to a stronger, more
inclusive economy through enhanced income and agency.
Since its inception, Kaabil has empowered more than 1.4
million women, marking a significant milestone and bridging
the gap between education and employment.
Kaabil follows a dual approach through in-person and digital
interventions, equipping young women with relevant soft
and life skills, domain-specific vocational skills, and 'job
readiness' to secure and navigate formal employment.
Kaabil also supports the training of small and marginal
farmers in agri-skilling, biodiversity, and regenerative
agriculture to improve soil fertility, increase yields, and
enhance livelihoods.
In addition to on-ground skills training and placements, the
newly launched 'Kaabil portal' serves as a tech-enabled
ecosystem that connects skilled women to verified,
hyperlocal job opportunities - while also building sector
awareness and employability confidence.
4,62,704
Women were trained across employability, vocational
domains, and agri-skilling in FY26
1.4+ million
Women were empowered, since the inception of
Project Kaabil
Enabling First-Generation Careers through Employability
Skilling
A critical step towards economic inclusion begins with
preparing women for formal employment. Kaabil is
designed to equip young women with the essential skills to
navigate modern workplaces with confidence. Women in
their final year of education in Government and
Government-aided colleges, ITIs, polytechnics, and
vocational institutes nationwide are the target candidates
for this programme.
This intervention delivers structured training in foundational
capabilities, such as digital fluency, life skills,
communication, critical thinking, and workplace etiquette
and practices. These enhance employability and access to
employment opportunities for the candidates, many of
whom are the first in their families to enter the formal
workforce.
FY26 Impact

3,29,423 women trained across 22 states.

2,65,679 women supported by the Mahindra Group.

1,82,118 women supported by M&M Ltd.
Equipping Women for Industry-Aligned Careers
This initiative focuses on enhancing domain acumen
through targeted training in high-demand sectors and
equips participants with the vocational skills needed to
secure jobs in these industries.
The 'domain skilling' training course imparts specific skills to
women in high-growth industries such as apparel,
healthcare, automotive, retail, ITES, digital marketing and
logistics, enhancing their placement potential.
The curriculum supports participants by providing hands-on
skills, industry exposure, practical training, and the
confidence to seek formal employment in these sectors,
aligning their capabilities with real-time workforce demands.
For many, IT opens the door to sustainable income,
workplace inclusion, and long-term career mobility and
security.
FY26 Impact

22,918 women supported by the Mahindra Group.

20,708 women supported by M&M Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | Social Impact
Agri Skilling: Cultivating Prosperity Led by Women
In India s rural heartlands, the programme aims to empower
women in agriculture towards greater productivity and
transformed livelihoods.
Mahindra s agri-skilling initiative enables small and marginal
women farmers to adopt regenerative agricultural
practices, enhance biodiversity, and pursue sustainable
agriculture that improves soil fertility and increases yields.
The regenerative agriculture training ensures food and
nutrition security for their families, increased productivity
and helps build climate resilience.
This initiative aims to transform conventional
labour-intensive processes and household burdens to boost
agricultural knowledge, skills, productivity, and incomes, and
to enhance women s role in financial decision-making and
agency.
The scope of this project spans several aspirational districts
supporting women farmers through practical knowledge
and hands-on training, facilitating their shift to sustainable
farming practices, lowering agri-input costs, and increasing
their financial autonomy.
In FY26, the initiative expanded its reach through three
complementary models:

Agriculture-oriented skilling for women farmers with
biodiversity training in sustainable agriculture practices
(such as regenerative agriculture) towards soil fertility
and higher productivity.

The programme aims to ensure food and nutrition
security for their families, enhance income, and sustain
livelihoods.

Through the establishment of 'Good Food Corners , this
intervention leverages agricultural land on small plots
around their homesteads to help women farmers
reduce their agricultural input costs and enhance their
income through the sale of high-quality crops.

A new intervention introduced this year equips women
farmers, including those in tribal districts to establish
and manage small-scale nurseries of vegetables,
floriculture, and horticulture saplings using
organic/regenerative agriculture practices. This
includes the supply of seeds and seedlings, organic
compost, and other bio-inputs, as well as facilitating
market linkages.

The project helps deliver an immediate income stream
in the first year itself, through reduced input costs and
enhanced crop productivity.

The programme in Rajasthan builds digital literacy into
the agricultural skills training to empower women s
decision-making in households towards enhanced
incomes and greater financial autonomy.
FY26 Impact

Within the scope of the agri-skilling project, Mahindra
Group supported 1,01,212 women farmers in FY26
across Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh,
Maharashtra and Rajasthan.

M&M Ltd. supported the agri-skilling of 97,541 of the
1,01,212 women farmers in FY26.
Farm Skilling Initiative
Prerna is a women centric initiative focused on building the
on-farm skills and employability of women (including
women farmers).
M&M Ltd. has supported 9,151 women farmers by training
them in effective agricultural practices. Furthermore, the
project offered a package of practices encompassing soil
health management, access to farming equipment,
connections to government welfare support initiatives,
resource-efficient agricultural methodologies, and
strategies to enhance crop productivity.

Digital Intervention
The Kaabil Platform connects skilled and job-ready women
with companies across various industries. IT simplifies the
job search process and offers ongoing career support to
ensure a smooth transition into the workforce.
The portal is a no-cost, first-of-its-kind women-only digital
platform. IT enables young women to upskill, receive
application and interview support, and access AI-powered
job matching with live vacancies aligned to their skills and
aspirations.
The platform serves as a link between education and
employment, a collaboration between skilling institutions
and employing organisations across several key sectors and
geographies.
Environment Conservation - Jal
Samriddhi
The Jal Samriddhi initiative of Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.
focuses on creating long-term water security for farming
communities to address the impacts of climate change,
which is resulting in rising water stress across India. The
programme supports the creation and rejuvenation of
water-harvesting structures, promotes soil and water
conservation techniques, and encourages crop
diversification, thereby strengthening livelihoods and
ecosystems.
In FY26, the initiative covered 150+ villages across 8 states
to drive systemic transformation in a water-scarce zone,
bringing together science, sustainability, and social
mobilisation.
This also included building community capacity through
hands-on training and local partnerships, including
collaboration with NABARD at Igatpuri, Maharashtra.
Jal Samriddhi outcomes have helped improve irrigation
potential, raise groundwater levels, and reduce dependency
on erratic rainfall. For thousands of farmers, this has
provided an opportunity to adopt climate-resilient
agriculture and effective water management approaches.
FY26 Impact

853 water harvesting structures created or
renovated.

6,010 lakh litre of water harvesting potential enabled.

3,793 hectare brought under improved irrigation.

More than 9,000 hectare covered under cumulative
water management.

53,862 farmers and community members benefited.
Employee Volunteering
Employee volunteering continues to play a pivotal role in
strengthening the Group s commitment to inclusive and
sustainable community development. Through its two
flagship platforms - Esops (Employee Social Options) and
MySeva (Individual Social Responsibility) - the organisation
fosters a culture of active citizenship, encouraging
employees to contribute their time and skills towards
meaningful social change.
Employees across the Group undertake a diverse range of
initiatives, including health camps, sanitation and cleanliness
drives, digital literacy programmes, and educational support
for local schools.
A key highlight of the year was the fourth edition of
Mahindra Volunteering Day, held on 5th December 2025. The
event brought together employees from multiple locations,
creating a unified platform for large-scale community
engagement and reinforcing the spirit of collaboration and
purpose. Employee volunteering continues to serve as a
strong cultural pillar for the organisation, translating intent
into measurable outcomes and reinforcing values through
consistent on-ground action.
FY26 Impact

A total of 34,401 volunteers participated across
locations on Mahindra Volunteering Day, contributing
74,878 person-hours.

Across the Group, 74,704 unique volunteers
collectively contributed 4,76,705 person-hours
through various initiatives.

Employees of the Company accounted for 1,08,392
person-hours of volunteering, driven by 22,210
unique participants.
RISE FOR A MORE EQUAL WORLD | Social Impact
ANNUAL REPORT

CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman
Dr. Anish Shah
Group CEO & Managing Director
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO
(Auto and Farm Sector)
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Lead Independent Director
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Non-Executive
Independent Director
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Non-Executive
Independent Director
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Non-Executive
Independent Director
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Non-Executive
Non-Independent Director
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Non-Executive
Non-Independent Director
(Nominee of Life Insurance
Corporation of India)
Ms. Samina Hamied
Non-Executive
Independent Director
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar
Non-Executive
Independent Director
Audit Committee
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar
Chairman
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Chairman
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Dr. Anish Shah
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Risk Management
Committee
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Chairperson
Dr. Anish Shah
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Ms. Samina Hamied
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar
Strategic Investment
Committee
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Bankers
Axis Bank Limited
Bank of America N.A.
Central Bank of India
HDFC Bank Limited
HSBC Bank
ICICI Bank Limited
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited
Standard Chartered Bank
State Bank of India
Auditors
B S R & Co. LLP
14th Floor, Central B Wing
and North C Wing,
Nesco IT Park 4, Nesco Center,
Western Express Highway,
Goregaon (East),
Mumbai - 400 063, India.
Advocates
Khaitan & Co.
One World Centre, Tower 1C -
10th, 13th & 14th Floor, 841,
Senapati Bapat Marg,
Mumbai - 400 013, India.
Key Managerial
Personnel
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary
Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Chairman
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Governance, Nomination
and Remuneration
Committee
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Chairperson
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Ms. Samina Hamied
CORPORATE
INFORMATION*
COMMITTEES OF BOARD
Registered Office
Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai - 400 001, India.
*As on 6th May 2026.
BOARD S
REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Dear Shareholders
Your Directors present their Report together with the
Audited Financial Statements of your Company for the year
ended 31st March 2026.
A. FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Particulars
Standalone
Consolidated
Revenue from Operations...............
1,45,575.77
1,16,483.68
1,97,792.78
1,58,749.75
Income from investment related
to subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures..........................................
2,189.58
2,140.85
845.77
461.07
Income from operations...................
1,47,765.35
1,18,624.53
1,98,638.55
1,59,210.82
2,774.94
1,711.87
3,445.79
2,181.05
Total Income.............................................
1,50,540.29
1,20,336.40
2,02,084.34
1,61,391.87
Profit
before
Depreciation,
Finance costs, Share of profit
of associates and joint venture,
Exceptional items and Taxation
25,264.66
20,127.37
40,425.66
32,699.24
Less: Depreciation, Amortisation
and Impairment Expenses..............
4,292.68
4,226.78
7,322.02
6,073.65
Profit before Finance Costs,
Share of profit of associates and
joint venture, Exceptional items
and Taxation.............................................
20,971.98
15,900.59
33,103.64
26,625.59
Less: Finance costs..............................
249.58
250.47
9,590.85
9,083.39
Profit before Share of profit of
associates and joint venture,
Exceptional items and Taxation
20,722.40
15,650.12
23,512.79
17,542.20
Add: Share of profit of associates
and joint venture..................................
-
1,964.91
1,537.42
Profit before Exceptional items
and Tax.........................................................
20,722.40
15,650.12
25,477.70
19,079.62
Exceptional items.................................
(98.19)
-
(292.94)
-
Profit before Taxation.......................
20,624.21
15,650.12
25,184.76
19,079.62
Less: Tax Expense.................................
4,985.28
3,795.16
6,563.05
5,006.45
Profit for the year................................
15,638.93
11,854.96
18,621.71
14,073.17
Profit/(Loss)
attributable to:
- Owners of the Company..............
15,638.93
11,854.96
17,098.85
12,929.10
- Non-Controlling Interest...............
-
1,522.86
1,144.07
Balance of profit for earlier
years..............................................................
55,569.37
46,400.46
68,007.89
57,717.86
Profits
available
appropriation............................................
71,208.30
58,255.42
85,106.74
70,646.96
Less: Dividend Paid on equity
shares............................................................
3,146.13
2,623.85
2,824.93
2,352.78
Add/(Less): Other adjustment to
retained earnings1................................
(51.48)
(62.20)
111.40
(286.29)
Balance carried forward..................
68,010.69
55,569.37
82,393.21
68,007.89
1 Remeasurement of net (loss)/gain on defined benefit plans, recognised as part of retained earnings.
For details, refer to Statement of Changes in Equity in the Standalone Financial Statements
and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity in the Consolidated Financial Statements
respectively forming part of this Annual Report.
FY26 witnessed heightened global macroeconomic volatility,
driven by escalating geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
Financial markets remained volatile, reflecting concerns
around trade fragmentation, energy security and the lagged
impact of tighter global financial conditions.
Against this global backdrop, India s economic performance
in FY26 remained robust, driven by strong domestic
fundamentals and macroeconomic stability. Economic
growth was supported by healthy agricultural output and
sustained momentum in the service sector. Rationalisation
and reduction of Goods & Services Tax (GST) rates during
FY26 helped ease cost pressures and improve affordability
across key consumption categories. These measures
supported demand revival, encouraged higher discretionary
spending and strengthened consumption-led growth in the
economy.
Inflationary pressures moderated further in FY26, supported
by benign commodity prices, improved food supply
management and proactive policy measures. FY26 headline
CPI inflation is projected at approximately 2.1% by the
Reserve Bank of India (RBI). With inflation well anchored,
India strengthened its macroeconomic stability and policy
flexibility. Continued focus on capital expenditure, targeted
fiscal support and calibrated monetary policy actions
improved liquidity conditions and supported consumption-
led growth. Going forward, India s strong domestic demand,
favourable demographics and sustained policy support are
expected to underpin a resilient consumption outlook and
enable sustainable economic growth.
The Profit for the year before Depreciation, Finance Costs,
Share of Profit of Associates and Joint Venture, Exceptional
items and Taxation recorded an increase of 25.5% at
Rs. 25,264.66 crore as against Rs. 20,127.37 crore in
the previous year. Profit after tax increased by 31.9% at
Rs. 15,638.93 crore as against Rs. 11,854.96 crore in the
previous year.
Your Company continues to achieve significant savings
through its strong focus on cost controls, process
efficiencies, and product innovations that consistently
exceed customer expectations, enabling IT to deliver strong
profitable growth.
BOARD S REPORT
Earnings Per Share (EPS)
The Standalone basic EPS of the Company stood at
Rs. 130.2 for the year ended 31st March 2026 as against
Rs. 98.8 for the year ended 31st March 2025 and Diluted
EPS stood at Rs. 129.8 for the year ended 31st March 2026
as against Rs. 98.5 in the previous year.
Details of Material Changes from the end of the Financial
Year till the date of this Report
No material changes and commitments have occurred after
the closure of FY26 till the date of this Report, which would
affect the financial position of your Company.
Performance Review
Automotive Sector*
Your Company s Automotive Sector posted total sales of
11,17,698 vehicles (10,04,771 four-wheelers and 1,12,927
three-wheelers) as against a total of 9,41,115 vehicles
(8,54,273 four-wheelers and 86,842 three-wheelers) in the
previous year, registering a growth of 18.8%.
In the domestic market, your Company sold a total of
10,76,668 vehicles as compared to 9,06,406 vehicles in the
previous year, resulting in a growth of 18.8%.
In the Passenger Vehicle ( PV ) segment, your Company sold
6,60,276 Utility Vehicles ( UVs ) as compared to the previous
year s volume of 5,51,487 UVs, registering a growth of 19.7%.
In the Commercial Vehicle ( CV ) segment, your Company
sold
3,04,389
vehicles
[including
38,120
vehicles
<2T GVW, 2,08,634 vehicles between 2-3.5T GVW, 45,773
Light Commercial Vehicles ( LCVs ) in the 3.5T-7.5T segment,
1,918 vehicles in the 7.5T-16T GVW segment, 5,324 Heavy
Commercial Vehicles ( HCVs ) and 4,620 LCV Passenger]
registering a growth of 13.1% over the previous year s
volumes of 2,69,087 vehicles [including 38,995 vehicles <2T
GVW, 1,89,914 vehicles between 2-3.5T GVW, 29,085 LCVs in
the 3.5T-7.5T segment, 1,340 vehicles in the 7.5T-16T GVW
segment, 5,457 HCVs and 4,296 LCV Passenger].
In the three-wheeler segment, your Company sold 1,12,003
three-wheelers in the domestic market, registering a growth
of 30.5% over the previous year s volume of 85,832
three-wheelers.
For the year under review, the Indian automotive industry
(except 2W) grew by 9.3%, with the PV industry growth of
7.9% and CV industry growth of 12.6%.
The UV segment showed growth of 11.0%. The UV market
share for your Company stood at 21.3%. Thar Roxx, Scorpio,
XUV3X0, XUV700, Thar and Bolero continued to be strong
brands for your Company in the UV segment.
Within the CV industry, the LCV goods <7.5T segment grew
by 12.5% while the Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicles
( MHCV ) Goods Segment grew by 15.7%.
In the LCV<7.5T segment, your Company retained its No. 1
position with 49.1% Market Share. Your Company sold a
total of 2,92,527 vehicles in this segment, which is a growth
of 13.4% over the previous year.
In the MHCV Goods Segment, your Company sold 7,242
trucks as against 6,797 trucks in the previous year. Your
Company s market share in the MHCV segment stands at
2.0%.
Your Company is the pioneer for Electric Vehicles (EVs) in India,
and for the year under review, in the electric three-wheeler
segment, your Company sold 1,04,586 vehicles as against
77,386 vehicles in the previous year, with a growth of 35.1%.
In the electric four-wheeler segment, your Company sold
57,472 vehicles as against 14,183 vehicles in the previous
year, with a growth of 305.2%. In the CV segment, your
Company sold 2,571 Electric Vehicles.
During the year under review, your Company posted an
export volume of 41,030 vehicles as against the previous
year s exports of 34,709 vehicles, representing a growth of
18.2%.
The sales of spare parts for the year stood at Rs. 6,027.4
crore (including exports of Rs. 321.9 crore) as compared to
Rs. 5,280.3 crore (including exports of Rs. 262.9 crore) in the
previous year, registering a growth of 14.1%.
* The figures include sales made by subsidiaries of the Company viz. Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited and Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Given the current Middle East situation, global supply
chains are undergoing recalibration. Merchandise exports
are expected to face headwinds from elevated geopolitical
risks, energy price volatility and disruptions in key trade
corridors. Robust services exports, particularly in IT and
business services, along with continued Government focus
on strengthening bilateral and multilateral trade agreements,
are expected to mitigate some of these challenges.
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ), at its Monetary Policy
Committee (MPC) Meeting held in April 2026, has projected
real GDP growth at 6.9% for FY27, underscoring India s
relative economic resilience anchored in strong domestic
demand, particularly sustained rural consumption. At the
same time, the growth outlook is subject to downside risks
arising from global trade headwinds, elevated energy prices
and heightened geopolitical uncertainties.
Union Budget FY27 maintained a balanced and pragmatic
approach to navigating a complex global and domestic
macroeconomic environment. Continued emphasis on fiscal
discipline alongside targeted support measures is expected
to sustain macro stability. Measures aimed at strengthening
household consumption, including continuation of tax
relief measures announced earlier, are likely to support
discretionary spending in the near term. Budgetary thrust on
the four identified engines of growth i.e. Agriculture, MSMEs,
Investment and Exports along with sustained public capital
expenditure, is expected to reinforce medium-term growth
momentum.
With policy support from the Union Budget and the RBI s
accommodative-biased liquidity management to ensure
orderly financial conditions, India s consumption-led growth
story is expected to remain resilient. While external risks
persist, strong fundamentals, improving income visibility and
steady rural and urban demand are expected to support
progress towards the country s growth objectives over FY27.
Economic Overview
The global economy witnessed a moderation in growth
momentum during the Calender Year ( CY ) 2025 amid
heightened geopolitical disruptions and commodity related
supply shocks. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its
April 2026 outlook revised global growth for CY26 downward
to around 3.1%, reflecting the impact of the Middle East
conflict, elevated commodity prices and renewed trade
uncertainties. Growth is expected to remain modest in CY27
at about 3.2%, with downside risks dominating the outlook.
Farm Equipment Sector
Your Company s Farm Equipment Sector recorded total
sales (domestic and exports) of 5,26,403 tractors as against
4,24,641 tractors sold in the previous year, registering a
growth of 24.0%.
These figures include tractors sold under the Trakstar
brand, which is the third brand of your Company under the
subsidiary Gromax Agri Equipment Limited.
For the year under review, the tractor industry in India
recorded sales of 11,60,231 tractors, a growth of 23.5%.
Tractor Industry recorded growth in FY26 on account of
favourable monsoon, good reservoir levels, GST rate cut for
tractors leading to positive terms of trade for farmers and a
broad-based GST rate cut resulted in a strong income effect
for rural consumption.
In the domestic market, your Company sold 5,05,930 tractors,
as compared to 4,07,094 tractors in the previous year (these
figures include tractors sold by Gromax Agri Equipment
Limited), recording a growth of 24.3%. IT is the highest ever
volume sold by your Company. With a market share at 43.6%,
a gain of 0.3% over previous year, your Company remains
the Market Leader for the 43rd consecutive year.
Your Company continues to focus on growing the farm
mechanisation space, by offering affordable mechanisation
solutions. The portfolio comprises of Rotavators, Cultivators,
Harvesters, Rice Transplanters, Balers and Sprayers.
For the year under review, your Company exported 20,473
tractors which is a growth of 16.7% over the previous year.
Net Sales of Spare parts for the FY26 stood at Rs. 1,440.4
crore (including exports of Rs. 131.4 crore) as compared to
Rs. 1,328.6 crore (including exports of Rs. 171.8 crore) in the
previous year, registering a growth of 8.4%.
Please refer to the Management Discussion and Analysis
section of this Annual Report for detailed analysis.
Other Businesses
Powerol
Mahindra Powerol has been a leading player in the power
back-up industry for over two decades and ranks among
the top two players by volume in India s power generation
market.
Its strong footprint includes more than 1,000 sales and
service touchpoints across India and operations in over
Global inflation, which had softened through 2024 and much
of 2025, is projected to edge higher in CY26 to about 4.4%,
largely due to higher energy and logistics costs, before
resuming a gradual decline thereafter. The re emergence of
supply driven inflation pressures could delay or temper the
pace of monetary policy easing across major economies.
The U.S. Federal Reserve ( Fed ) undertook cumulative rate
cuts through CY25 as disinflation gained traction, supporting
financial conditions during the year. However, heightened
geopolitical tensions and concerns over energy price
pass through led the Fed to pause further easing in early CY26
while maintaining a data dependent stance. The U.S. Dollar
Index (DXY), which weakened during CY25 on expectations of
policy easing, experienced intermittent strength in CY26 amid
safe haven flows triggered by geopolitical uncertainty and
global risk aversion. Volatility in currency and capital markets
has, consequently, remained elevated.
India s economic growth has continued to demonstrate
resilience despite a challenging external environment. RBI
estimated real GDP growth for FY26 at about 7.6%, supported
by strong private consumption, steady investment activity
and robust services sector performance. Inflation remained
largely benign for most of the year, though recent energy
price pressures have increased upside risks. The financial
sector continues to remain stable, with non performing
asset ratios at multi year lows and adequate capital buffers.
Fiscal consolidation has progressed in line with medium term
objectives, while the current account deficit has remained
manageable, aided by sustained growth in services exports.
In CY25, the RBI reduced the policy repo rate cumulatively
by 125 bps to 5.3%, marking one of the most significant
easing cycles in recent years. In its April 2026 policy review,
the Monetary Policy Committee maintained the repo rate
unchanged and retained a neutral stance, citing rising
external uncertainty and inflation risks stemming from
higher crude prices. While monetary policy transmission
has been visible across lending and deposit rates, the RBI
has shifted focus towards liquidity and financial stability
management. IT has continued to deploy liquidity tools
such as Open Market Operations, variable rate operations
and forex market interventions to ensure orderly market
conditions and adequate credit flow.
The Indian Rupee experienced heightened volatility during
FY26 amid global risk aversion, elevated crude prices and
intermittent capital outflows. While the currency came
under pressure during periods of global uncertainty, India s
12 international locations. The Company s balanced business
model draws equal strength from products and services.
Beyond telecom, Powerol is expanding its retail presence
through higher kVA range extensions.
Leveraging its network, reach and focus on Green Energy
Solutions, Powerol emerged as a Strong Player in EV Charger
services with over 50,000 home chargers installations across
the nation. Growing infrastructure and power needs offer
significant expansion opportunities.
Construction Equipment
Your Company sold 763 Backhoe Loaders (BHLs) under the
Mahindra EarthMaster brand; sold 236 Motor Graders under
the RoadMaster brand; and sold 77 Haulage tractor under
HaulMaster brand, totalling to 1,076 construction equipment
units for FY26.
Moreover, your Company achieved an exceptional milestone
in the export markets by recording a significant growth
of 96% year-on-year. A total of 446 units of construction
equipment were exported, reflecting the growing acceptance
of Mahindra products in international markets and the
success of strategic efforts to expand the global footprint.
Two-Wheeler Business
Your Company, through its subsidiary Classic Legends Private
Limited, reintroduced the Jawa and Yezdi brands in FY19
and FY22 respectively. New launches included the Jawa
42 Bobber in FY23 and the Jawa 350 in FY24, along with
the addition of the Jawa 42 FJ. In FY26, the Yezdi portfolio
was revived and scaled 3.6x with the Yezdi Adventure Dual
Headlamp and the new Yezdi Roadster, supported by a GST
reduction on sub-350cc motorcycles.
The Company also expanded internationally via the BSA brand
in the UK and Europe. In FY25, BSA was introduced in India with
the BSA Gold Star 650. Global offerings expanded with the BSA
Bantam and Scrambler.
Current Year s review
During the period 1st April 2026 to 4th May 2026, 87,910
vehicles were produced as against 85,821 vehicles and
86,500 vehicles were dispatched as against 81,660 vehicles
during the corresponding period in the previous year. During
the same period, 51,184 tractors were produced and 49,505
tractors were dispatched as against 44,182 tractors produced
and 43,788 tractors dispatched during the corresponding
period in the previous year.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Your Directors, considering the good performance and a strong
cash flow, decided to recommend a Dividend of Rs. 33 (660%)
per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face value of Rs. 5 each, out
of the Profits for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026.
The Equity Dividend Outgo for the FY26 would absorb a
sum of Rs. 4,103.65 crore resulting in a payout of 26.2%
of the standalone net profit of the Company for the FY26
[as against Rs. 3,146.13 crore comprising the dividend of
Rs. 25.3 per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face value of
Rs. 5 each resulting in a payout of 26.5% for the previous
year]. Dividend will be payable subject to the approval of
Shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and
deduction of tax at source to those Shareholders whose
names appear in the Register of Members as on the Record
Date / Book Closure. The Board of your Company decided
not to transfer any amount to the General Reserve for the
year under review.
Dividend Distribution Policy
The Dividend Distribution Policy containing the requirements
mentioned in Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is attached
as Annexure I and forms part of this Annual Report.
The Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company is also
uploaded on the Company s website and can be accessed
Web-link
https://www.mahindra.com/Dividend-
Distribution-Policy.pdf
B. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company,
its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures prepared in
accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable
Indian Accounting Standards along with all relevant
documents and the Auditors Report forms part of this Annual
Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements presented by
the Company include the financial results of its subsidiary
companies, associates and joint ventures.
The Consolidated Income from operations is Rs. 1,98,639
crore for the year as compared to Rs. 1,59,211 crore in the
previous year, registering an increase of 24.8%.
The Consolidated Profit before exceptional items, share
of profit of associates and joint ventures and tax for the
year is Rs. 23,513 crore as compared to Rs. 17,542 crore
in the previous year, registering an increase of 34.0%. The
consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interest
strong foreign exchange reserves of around USD 700 billion
provided an effective buffer against disorderly movements.
The RBI remained active in managing excessive volatility,
ensuring stability in the foreign exchange market despite
challenging global conditions.
The RBI has projected CPI inflation to average around 4.6%
for FY27. However, the inflation outlook remains uncertain
due to volatility in global commodity and energy prices which
could intermittently exert pressure on headline inflation.
Banks continue to regard your Company as a highly valued
and esteemed client and have consistently extended facilities
at preferential rates. Your Company continues to follow a
prudent financial strategy, ensuring that overall leverage
remains at optimal levels. The Company s Gross Debt to
Equity ratio at 0.01 as at 31st March 2026 continues to
remain low, reflecting a strong balance sheet position.
Your Company continues to maintain a disciplined approach
to cash and liquidity management, ensuring adequate
financial flexibility and risk resilience. The banking facilities
of your Company continues to be rated by CRISIL Ratings
Limited ( CRISIL ), ICRA Limited ( ICRA ), India Ratings
and Research Private Limited ( IND ) and CARE Ratings
Limited ( CARE ). All rating agencies have reaffirmed the
highest ratings for the Company s Short Term facilities.
For Long Term facilities and Non Convertible Debentures,
the respective ratings of CRISIL AAA/Stable, [ICRA] AAA
(Stable), CARE AAA; Stable and IND AAA/Stable have been
reaffirmed.
These AAA ratings reflect the highest degree of safety
with respect to timely servicing of financial obligations
and represent a strong vote of confidence by the rating
agencies in the Company s management, financial discipline
and long term credit profile. The ratings also underscore the
Company s resilience across economic cycles, robust financial
flexibility and prudent capital management.
Your Company is a Large Corporate as per the criteria
specified under the SEBI Regulations and relevant SEBI
Master Circular. The Company has complied with the
provisions and has made requisite disclosures in this regard.
Investor Relations (IR)
During the year, your Company continued to strengthen
its Investor Relations, with a focus on fostering trust,
transparency, and consistent engagement with the investor
community, adhering to global best practices.
and exceptional items for the year is Rs. 17,099 crore as
compared to Rs. 12,929 crore in the previous year, registering
an increase of 32.3%.
The Financial Statements as stated above are also available on
the Company s website and can be accessed at the Web-link:
https://www.mahindra.com/Annual-Report-FY26
Subsidiary, Joint Venture and Associate
Companies
The Mahindra Group entities continue to play a pivotal role
in driving the overall revenue growth and performance of
Tech Mahindra Limited, flagship company of the Mahindra
Group in the IT Sector, reported a consolidated operating
revenue of Rs. 56,815 crore in the current year as compared
to Rs. 52,988 crore in the previous year, registering an increase
of 7.2% (not consolidated in the Company s revenue). Its
is Rs. 4,811 crore as compared to Rs. 4,252 crore in the
previous year, registering an increase of 13.1%.
The Group s financial services company, Mahindra & Mahindra
Financial Services Limited ( Mahindra Finance ), a listed subsidiary
of the Company, reported a consolidated operating revenue of
Rs. 21,005 crore during the year as compared to Rs. 18,463 crore
in the previous year, registering an increase of 13.8%. The
consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests for
the year is Rs. 2,855 crore as compared to Rs. 2,262 crore in
the previous year, registering an increase of 26.2%. Mahindra
Finance customer base has crossed 12 million customers and
currently has a network of over 1,348 offices. Mahindra Finance
reported closing business AUM of Rs. 1,34,096 crore as of
31st March 2026, a growth of 12.1%.
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited, the listed subsidiary
in the business of real estate and infrastructure, reported a
consolidated operating revenue of Rs. 1,178 crore as compared
to Rs. 372 crore in the previous year, registering an increase of
216.7%. The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling
interest for the year is Rs. 298 crore as compared to Rs. 61 crore
in the previous year, registering an increase of 388.5%.
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited, the listed
subsidiary in the business of selling vacation ownership and
providing holiday facilities, registered a consolidated operating
revenue of Rs. 2,992 crore as compared to Rs. 2,781 crore
in the previous year, registering an increase of 7.6%. The
for the year is Rs. 70 crore as compared to Rs. 128 crore in
The Company emphasised high-quality, thematic investor
interactions, centred on strategic priorities, capital allocation
discipline, and business-level performance drivers.
During the year, your Company engaged with a diverse
base of domestic and global investors and analysts
through roadshows, conferences, and targeted interactions,
complemented by strong participation in earnings calls,
analyst meets, and product-led engagements.
Senior management continued to actively engage with the
investment community, with discussions centred around:

Capital allocation as a strategic lever, with emphasis on
return thresholds, and disciplined growth investments.

Sharpening
competitive
positioning
core
businesses, particularly in Auto and Farm Businesses,
with a focus on premiumisation and technology.

Execution-led turnaround in Mahindra Finance and Tech
Mahindra.

Scaling of Growth Gems of the Company with articulation
of Right to Win and aspiration.

Progress on ESG commitments.
During the year, the Company emphasised experience-led
investor engagement through the Group Investor Day, which
enabled deeper interaction with senior leadership and a
first-hand understanding of its technology, innovation, and
product capabilities. The event provided a comprehensive
view of the Company s strategic direction, including a long-
term, decadal perspective on key businesses, outlining
growth vectors. IT also featured key product showcases
across the business, reinforcing confidence in the Group s
future readiness.
Your Company ensures critical information remains readily
accessible to investors through timely updates on the
Company s website.
Dividend
As per the Dividend Distribution Policy, dividend payout
is determined based on available financial resources,
investment requirements and taking into account optimal
shareholder returns. Within these parameters, the Company
has maintained a total dividend payout ratio in the range of
20% to 35% of the annual standalone Profits after Tax (PAT)

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Policy for determining material subsidiaries as approved
by the Board is uploaded on the Company s website and
can be accessed at the Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/
Policy-for-Determining-Material-Subsidiaries.pdf
C. JOINT VENTURES, ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER
MATTERS
Acquisition of SML Isuzu Limited ( SML )
During the year, the Company entered into Share Purchase
Agreements with Sumitomo Corporation and with Isuzu
Motors Limited for the acquisition of:
63,62,306 equity shares constituting 43.96% of the
equity share capital of SML from Sumitomo Corporation,
and;
21,70,747 equity shares constituting 15.0% of the
equity share capital of SML from Isuzu Motors Limited,
collectively
aggregating
85,33,053
constituting 58.96% of the existing share capital of SML.
Pursuant to the above, the Company acquired control of
SML and SML became a listed subsidiary of the Company
with effect from 1st August 2025. Further, the Company
launched a mandatory open offer to the eligible public
shareholders of SML in accordance with the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition
of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. Pursuant
to the offer, the Company acquired 673 equity shares
constituting 0.005% of the equity share capital of SML and
consequently holds 85,33,726 equity shares constituting
58.97% of the existing share capital of SML, which was
subsequently renamed as SML Mahindra Limited effective
8th October 2025.
Joint
Venture
Agreement
The
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
( Manulife )
The Board of Directors of the Company approved a 50:50 Joint
Venture with Manulife on 12th November 2025 for entering
into the life insurance business in India, subject to Insurance
Regulatory Authority of India ( IRDAI ) approval. The total
capital committed by each Shareholder is Rs. 3,600 crore,
which is to be deployed over a period of 10 years from the
year of commencement of operations.
Mahindra s brand strength, deep distribution capabilities
in rural and semi-urban India and execution excellence
the previous year, registering a decrease of 45.3%, driven by
the impact of EUR/INR on international business.
Mahindra Logistics Limited, the listed subsidiary in the logistics
business, reported a consolidated operating revenue of
Rs. 6,999 crore as compared to Rs. 6,105 crore in the previous
year registering an increase of 14.6%. The consolidated
profit after tax after non-controlling interests for the year is
Rs. 2 crore as compared to loss of Rs. 36 crore in the previous
year, registering an increase of 105.6%.
Swaraj Engines Limited, the listed subsidiary in the business
of manufacturing of Diesel Engines and its components,
reported operating revenue of Rs. 2,007 crore as compared
to Rs. 1,682 crore in the previous year registering an increase
of 19.3%. The profit after tax for the year is Rs. 196 crore as
compared to Rs. 166 crore in the previous year, registering
an increase of 18.1%.
SML Mahindra Limited ( SML ) (formerly known as SML Isuzu
Limited), the listed subsidiary primarily in the business of
manufacturing and sale of Light Commercial Vehicles and
Medium Commercial Vehicles in the automobile industry and
has a product portfolio comprising buses, trucks, and specific
application vehicles, reported operating revenue of Rs. 2,838
crore as compared to Rs. 2,399 crore in the previous year
registering an increase of 18.3%. The profit after tax for the
year is Rs. 160 crore as compared to Rs. 122 crore in the
previous year, registering an increase of 31.1%. SML became
subsidiary of the Company with effect from 1st August 2025.
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited, a listed subsidiary in the
business of Micro Irrigation Systems such as Drip and Sprinklers,
Agricultural Pumps, Greenhouses and Land Scape Products,
reported a consolidated operating revenue of Rs. 312 crore
as compared to Rs. 273 crore in the previous year, registering
an increase of 14.3%. The consolidated profit after tax for the
year is Rs. 13 crore as compared to Rs. 7 crore in the previous
year, registering an increase of 85.7%.
During the year under review, there have been significant
changes concerning the Subsidiaries and Associates (including
Joint Ventures) of your Company.
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited ( MATL ), Shreyas
Stones Private Limited, Keskinäinen Kiinteistö Oy Salla
Star, SML Mahindra Limited, PSL Media & Communications
Limited, New Democratic Electoral Trust and Mahindra
Blossom Developers Limited have become Subsidiaries of
your Company. Additionally, Mahindra & Mahindra Contech
Limited and Kota Farms Services Limited have transitioned
from being Associates to Subsidiaries of your Company.
make life insurance a logical extension towards building a
comprehensive financial services portfolio for the Group. The
Joint Venture aspires to be the No. 1 life insurer for rural and
semi-urban India, and in serving urban customers through
leadership in protection solutions.
Rights Issue of Mahindra & Mahindra
Financial Services Limited ( MMFSL )
During the year under review, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Limited ( MMFSL ), a listed subsidiary of the Company,
raised funds by way of a Rights Issue in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended,
and other applicable laws. The Rights Issue comprised an
offer and issuance of fully paid-up equity shares of Rs. 2
each of MMFSL to its eligible equity shareholders as on the
record date.
The key terms of the Rights Issue included the issuance of
15,44,41,240 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of
Rs. 2 each, at a price of Rs. 194 per equity share (including
a premium of Rs. 192 per equity share), aggregating upto
Rs. 2,996.16 crore, with the entire issue price payable at
the time of application. The Rights Entitlement ratio was
1 equity share for every 8 equity shares held by the eligible
shareholders of MMFSL as on the record date.
The net proceeds of the Rights Issue were primarily utilised
by MMFSL towards augmenting its long-term capital and
resources for meeting funding requirements for business
activities, and for general corporate purposes.
participation in the Rights Issue of MMFSL, including
subscribing to its full Rights Entitlement and any additional
shares, including any unsubscribed portion of the issue, in
accordance with applicable laws.
The Rights Issue was successfully closed on 6th June 2025,
pursuant to which MMFSL raised an aggregate amount of
Rs. 2,996.16 crore and allotted 15,44,41,240 fully paid-up
equity shares of face value of Rs. 2 each on 9th June 2025.
The Company subscribed to 8,51,82,612 equity shares of
MMFSL, which were duly allotted to the Company by MMFSL.
Consequently, the Company s shareholding in MMFSL
increased from 52.16% (pre-issue) to 52.49% (post-issue).
The Company s shareholding in MMFSL stood at 52.49% as
at 31st March 2026.
Conversely, MLL Global Logistics Limited, Sampo Rosenlew
Oy, Finland and Mahindra Aerospace Australia Pty. Limited
have ceased to be Subsidiaries of your Company.
During the year under review, the name of Bristlecone India
Limited was changed to Bristlecone India Private Limited
following its conversion to a private limited company.
Further, pursuant to the restructuring process, Mahindra
Defence Systems Limited ( MDSL ) ceased to be direct wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company and became a wholly
owned subsidiary of MATL. Additionally, Mahindra Telephonics
Integrated Systems Limited and Mahindra Emirates Vehicle
Armouring FZ LLC ( MEVA ) also ceased to be the subsidiaries
of MDSL and became direct subsidiaries of MATL. Mahindra
Armored Vehicles Jordan, LLC, a subsidiary of MEVA also ceased
to be a step-down subsidiary of MDSL and became a step down
subsidiary of MATL.
Mahindra BT Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company on account of
acquisition of its balance stake by the Company from BT
Holdings Limited. Subsequently, its name has been changed
to Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited.
Further, Gelos Solren Private Limited ceased to be a wholly
owned subsidiary of Mahindra Susten Private Limited ( MSPL ),
a step-down subsidiary of the Company and continues to be
a Subsidiary of MSPL and that of the Company.
Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited ceased to be a wholly
owned subsidiary and continues as a subsidiary of the
Company consequent to dilution of its stake.
During the year, Mahindra Racing UK Limited ceased to be
a subsidiary but was re-acquired later and is now again a
subsidiary of your Company.
Pursuant to execution of Agreement between the Company
and Tech Mahindra Limited, a listed Associate of the
Company, Tech Mahindra Foundation has been classified as
the Associate of the Company.
Further, Mahindra Ideal Lanka Private Limited and Blue
Planet Integrated Waste Solutions Private Limited ceased to
be Associates of your Company.
A Report on the performance and financial position of each
of the subsidiaries, associates and joint venture companies
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and their
contribution to the overall performance of the Company, is
provided in Form AOC-1 and forms part of this Annual Report.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Restructuring
Defence
Sector
and Incorporation of Mahindra Advanced
Technologies Limited
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited ( MATL ) was
incorporated on 7th April 2025 with a vision to be a leading
player in providing integrated, innovative and advanced
technologies in the area of security solutions.
During the year, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
dated 25th June 2025, MATL has acquired 100% holding in
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated Systems Limited and 88%
holding in Mahindra Emirates Vehicle Armouring FZ LLC,
along with its wholly owned subsidiary, Mahindra Armored
Vehicles Jordan, LLC from Mahindra Defence Systems Limited
( MDSL ).
MATL has also acquired 100% holding in MDSL from the
Company in pursuance to another Share Purchase Agreement
dated 25th June 2025.
Conversion of Compulsorily Convertible
Preference Shares in Mahindra Last Mile
Mobility Limited
International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) had invested
Rs. 600 crore in Compulsorily Convertible Preference
Shares ( CCPS ) of Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited
( MLMML ), a subsidiary of the Company vide Subscription
Agreement executed on 22nd March 2023. Further, India
Japan Fund ( IJF ) had invested Rs. 400 crore in CCPS of
MLMML vide Subscription Agreement executed on 11th
January 2024.
In furtherance to the above, MLMML in accordance with
the terms and conditions as stipulated in the aforesaid
Agreements, had allotted 15,73,46,332 Equity Shares of
face value of Rs. 10 each, pursuant to the conversion of
60,00,000 - 0.001% CCPS of Face Value Rs. 1,000 each
to IFC and 9,51,69,152 Equity Shares of face value of
Rs. 10 each, pursuant to the conversion of 40,00,000 -
0.001% Series A CCPS of Face Value Rs. 1,000 each to
IJF.
Consequent to the aforesaid allotment of equity shares arising
out of conversion of CCPS, the Company s shareholding in
MLMML has reduced from existing 100% to 78.11% of the
paid-up share capital of MLMML. However, MLMML continues
to be a subsidiary of the Company.
Rights
Issue
Mahindra
Lifespace
Developers Limited ( MLDL )
During the year under review, Mahindra Lifespace Developers
Limited ( MLDL ), a listed subsidiary of the Company, raised
funds by way of a Rights Issue in accordance with the
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and other
applicable laws. The Rights Issue comprised an offer and
issuance of fully paid-up equity shares of Rs. 10 each of MLDL
to its eligible equity shareholders as on the record date.
The key terms of the Rights Issue included the issuance
of 5,82,20,901 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of
Rs. 10 each, at a price of Rs. 257 per equity share (including
a premium of Rs. 247 per equity share), aggregating up to
Rs. 1,496.28 crore, with the entire issue price payable at the time
of application. The Rights Entitlement ratio was 3 equity shares
for every 8 equity shares held by the eligible shareholders of
MLDL as on the record date.
The net proceeds of the Rights Issue were utilised towards
repayment and/or reduction of existing debt, supporting MLDL s
future growth plans, and for general corporate purposes.
participation in the Rights Issue of MLDL, including subscribing
to its full Rights Entitlement and any additional shares, including
any unsubscribed portion of the issue, in accordance with
applicable laws.
The Rights Issue was successfully closed on 17th June 2025,
pursuant to which MLDL raised an aggregate amount of
Rs. 1,494.54 crore. MLDL allotted 5,81,53,156 fully paid-up
equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each on 18th June 2025.
The Company subscribed to equity shares of MLDL offered
on Rights basis and was allotted 3,24,86,158 equity shares
by MLDL.
Consequently, the Company s shareholding in MLDL increased
from 51.14% (pre-issue) to 52.43% (post-issue). The Company s
shareholding in MLDL stood at 52.41% as at 31st March 2026.
Rights Issue of Mahindra Logistics Limited
( MLL )
During the year under review, Mahindra Logistics Limited
( MLL ), a listed subsidiary of the Company, raised funds by
way of a Rights Issue in accordance with applicable laws. The
Rights Issue comprised an offer and issuance of fully paid-up
equity shares of Rs. 10 each of MLL to its eligible equity
shareholders as on the record date.
Execution of a Securities Subscription
Agreement
Amended
&
Restated
Shareholders
Agreement
between
Company, Existing Shareholders and New
Investors of Classic Legends Private Limited
As mentioned in the Annual Report of FY24, the Company
had agreed to invest Rs. 525 crore by way of subscription
to Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares ( CCPS ) and
Equity Shares of Classic Legends Private Limited, a subsidiary
of the Company ( CLPL ) and Rs. 350 crore was to be invested
by Existing Shareholders and New Investors in CLPL, in one
or more tranches.
During the year under review, the Company, Existing
Shareholders and New Investors of CLPL completed
investment of Rs. 410 crore in CLPL.
Consequent to the aforesaid allotment of equity shares, the
Company s shareholding in CLPL remained at 60% of the paid-up
share capital of CLPL. However, during the year CLPL allotted
Sweat equity shares to its Director, which led to reduction of
Company s shareholding to 58.37%, as on 31st March 2026.
Execution of a Share Purchase Agreement
with BT Holdings Limited
The Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
( SPA ) to acquire 100% of the equity share capital of
Mahindra - BT Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited
( MBTM ). The Company entered into SPA with Mahindra
Overseas Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited and
MBTM, pursuant to which the Company acquired 57% of the
equity share capital of MBTM for an aggregate consideration
of USD 1,42,88,076. Thereafter, the Company entered into
a SPA with BT Holdings Limited and MBTM, pursuant to
which the Company acquired the remaining 43% of the
equity share capital of MBTM for an aggregate consideration
of USD 74,71,546.
Consequent to completion of the aforesaid transaction,
MBTM became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Execution of the Share Subscription and
Shareholders Agreement with Gelos and
MSPL
During the year under review, the Company has executed the
Share Subscription and Shareholders Agreement ( SSSHA )
with Gelos Solren Private Limited ( Gelos ) and Mahindra
Susten Private Limited ( MSPL ), whereby the Company has,
The key terms of the Rights Issue included the issuance
of 2,70,49,301 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of
Rs. 10 each, at a price of Rs. 277 per equity share (including
a premium of Rs. 267 per equity share), aggregating up
to Rs. 749.27 crore, with the entire issue price payable at
the time of application. The Rights Entitlement ratio was
3 equity shares for every 8 equity shares held by the eligible
shareholders of MLL as on the record date.
The net proceeds of the Rights Issue were utilised towards
repayment and/or prepayment, in full or in part, of certain
borrowings of MLL and its certain subsidiaries, and for
general corporate purposes.
participation in the Rights Issue of MLL, including subscribing
to its full Rights Entitlement and any additional shares,
including any unsubscribed portion of the issue, in accordance
with applicable laws.
The Rights Issue was successfully closed on 14th August
2025, pursuant to which MLL raised an aggregate amount
of Rs. 749.27 crore and allotted 2,70,49,301 fully paid-up
equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each on 18th August
2025.
The Company had subscribed to equity shares of MLL offered
on Rights basis, and were allotted 1,73,00,670 equity shares
by MLL.
Consequently, the Company s shareholding in MLL increased
from 57.97% (pre-issue) to 59.60% (post-issue). The
Company s shareholding in MLL stood at 59.58% as of
31st March 2026.
Rights Issue of Mahindra Susten Private
During the year under review, the Board of Directors of
Mahindra Susten Private Limited ( MSPL ), a subsidiary of
Mahindra Holdings Limited ( MHL ), which is a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company has approved the offer and
issuance of up to 29,79,50,001 Equity Shares at Rs. 60.40
per share (comprising of Face Value of Rs. 10 per share and
Premium of Rs. 50.40 per share) for cash, aggregating to Rs.
17,99,61,80,060.40 to the existing Equity Shareholders of
MSPL on a rights basis, in one or more tranches.
Accordingly, MHL subscribed to the Equity Shares of MSPL
to the full extent of its Rights Entitlement and continues to
hold 60.01% of the paid equity share capital of MSPL.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
D. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Corporate Governance Policies guide the conduct
of affairs of your Company and clearly delineate the
roles, responsibilities and authorities at each level of its
Governance Structure and Key Functionaries involved in
Governance. The Code of Conduct for Senior Management
and Employees of your Company ( the Code of Conduct )
commits Management to financial and accounting policies,
systems and processes. The Corporate Governance Policies
and the Code of Conduct stand widely communicated across
your Company at all times.
Your Company s Financial Statements are prepared based on
the Significant Accounting Policies that are carefully selected
by Management and approved by the Audit Committee
and the Board. These Accounting policies are reviewed and
updated from time to time.
Your Company uses SAP ERP Systems as a business enabler
and to maintain its Books of Accounts. The transactional
controls built into the SAP ERP Systems ensure appropriate
segregation of duties, appropriate level of approval
mechanisms and maintenance of supporting records. The
Policies related to the Information Management reinforce
the control environment. The systems, Standard Operating
Procedures and controls are reviewed by Management.
These systems and controls are subjected to Internal Audit,
and their findings and recommendations are reviewed by the
Audit Committee which ensures the implementation.
Your Company has in place adequate internal financial controls
with reference to the Financial Statements commensurate
with the size, scale and complexity of its operations. Your
Company s Internal Financial Controls were deployed through
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO), that addresses material risks in your
Company s operations and financial reporting objectives.
Such controls have been assessed during the year under
review taking into consideration the essential components
of internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Based on the
results of such assessments carried out by the Management, no
reportable material weakness or significant deficiencies in the
design or operation of internal financial controls was observed.
Your Company recognizes that the Internal Financial
Controls cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving
inter alia, agreed to subscribe to equity shares representing
26% of the post-issue Share Capital of Gelos, in one or
more tranches, consequent to which, MSPL s post allotment
shareholding in Gelos will be diluted to 74% from 100%.
MSPL is a subsidiary of Mahindra Holdings Limited, which is a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
Further, in terms of the above SSSHA, during the year under
review, the Company has subscribed to the preferential allotment
of equity shares of Gelos, consequent to which, the Company
holds 26% of the paid-up equity share capital of Gelos.
During the year, Mahindra Overseas Investment Company
(Mauritius) Limited ( MOICML ), a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company acquired the entire stake of Mahindra Racing UK
Limited ( MRUK ), a wholly owned subsidiary of MOICML from
Tech Mahindra London Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Tech Mahindra Limited which is a listed Associate of the Company.
MRUK is based out of Banbury, UK and participates in
Formula Electric World Championships which are held across
the globe annually.
Divestment of stake in RBL Bank Limited
( RBL )
As mentioned in the Annual Report of FY24, the Company
had acquired 2,11,43,000 equity shares of RBL constituting
3.53% of the equity share capital of RBL, for a consideration
of Rs. 417 crore. During the year under review, your
Company sold its entire stake in RBL for a consideration of
Rs. 678 crore, representing a 62.5% gain on the investment.
Divestment of stake in Sampo Rosenlew Oy
During the year, the Company sold its entire stake in Sampo
Rosenlew Oy ( SAMPO ) based in Finland, to Tera Yatirim
Teknoloji Holding Anonim Sirketi (TERA), for a consideration
of EUR 5 million. Consequent to this, SAMPO ceased to be
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. This divestiture
aligns with the Company s focus on opportunities that best
position the Company for long- term success.
SAMPO has contributed meaningfully to the Company and
some of the technologies developed by SAMPO have been
instrumental in building the Company s farm machinery
capabilities. By transitioning its ownership of SAMPO to a
new owner, the Company believes that IT will enable SAMPO
to pursue new pathways for innovation and growth building
on its rich heritage and understanding of the Finnish market.
financial, operational and compliance reporting objectives
because of its inherent limitations. Also, projections of
any evaluation of the Internal Financial Controls to future
periods are subject to the risk that the Internal Financial
Controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, regular
audits and review processes ensure that such systems are
reinforced on an ongoing basis.
E. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT
A detailed analysis of your Company s performance is
discussed in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report,
which forms part of this Annual Report.
F. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Company has in place a robust process for approval of
Related Party Transactions and on dealing with Related Parties.
As per the process, necessary details for each of the Related
Party Transactions as applicable along with the justification
are provided to the Audit Committee in terms of the
Company s Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related
Party Transactions and as required under SEBI Master Circular
dated 30th January 2026 for compliance with the provisions
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ). The Material
Related Party Transactions approved by the Members of
the Company are also reviewed and recommended by the
Audit Committee to the Members. On quarterly basis, the
Audit Committee of the Company also reviews the actual
transactions for which Omnibus approval has been granted
as per Regulation 23 of the SEBI LODR Regulations and
section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ).
All Related Party Transactions entered during the year were
in the ordinary course of business and on arm s length basis.
During the year, your Company entered into Material Related
Party Transactions as previously approved by the Members
under Regulation 23 of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The
Company also intends to enter into Material Related Party
Transactions for which the approval of Members is being
sought at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Further, there were no material contracts or arrangements
or transactions for the year ended 31st March 2026 as per
the provisions of the Act and a confirmation to this effect
Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Company
During the year, Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Company
Limited ( MAM ) based in Japan, which is an Associate of the
Company, announced that MAM along with its subsidiaries, will
withdraw from the agricultural machinery business. Further,
MAM also announced that the business which supplies spare
parts for MAM s products and product warranty services,
would continue to operate ( Continuing Business ).
With respect to businesses other than the Continuing
Business, MAM plans to dissolve and proceed with liquidation
procedures in accordance with applicable laws. MAM has
continued to incur losses despite multiple structural measures
aimed at restoring profitability. After detailed assessment of
the business long-term viability and financial sustainability,
MAM has determined that sustaining the business in a stable
manner going forward would be challenging. Post completion
of the liquidation procedures, the Company would not have
to continue funding these losses.
Divestment of stake in CIE Automotive S.A.
( CIE Spain )
During the year, Mahindra Overseas Investment Company
(Mauritius) Limited ( MOICML ), a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, has sold part of its stake representing 3.58%
of outstanding shares of CIE Spain for a total consideration of
EUR 119 million. Following the completion of the sale, MOICML
continues to hold 3.58% of outstanding shares of CIE Spain.
Divestment
stake
Blue
Planet
Integrated Waste Solutions Private Limited
During the year, the Company exercised the Put Option
under the Share Purchase Agreement and Shareholders
Agreement dated 13th September 2022 entered into by the
Company with Blue Planet Environmental Solutions Pte.
Ltd. ( BPES ) for the sale of its remaining 20% stake in Blue
Planet Integrated Waste Solutions Private Limited ( BPIWSPL )
(formerly known as Blue Planet Integrated Waste Solutions
Limited and previously known as Mahindra Waste to Energy
Solutions Limited).
Accordingly, your Company sold the remaining 60,00,000
equity shares of Rs. 10 each in BPIWSPL, constituting 20%
stake in BPIWSPL to Blue Planet Environmental Solutions India
Private Limited, an affiliate of BPES on 2nd March 2026. Post
this sale, the Company no longer holds any equity interest in
BPIWSPL.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Board of Directors of your Company, based on the
recommendations of the Audit Committee, at its Meeting
held on 5th May 2026 appointed M/s. D. C. Dave & Co., Cost
Accountants (Firm Registration Number 000611), as the Cost
Auditors of the Company for the FY27 under section 148 of
the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ). M/s. D. C. Dave & Co.
have confirmed that their appointment is within the limits
of section 141(3)(g) of the Act and have also certified that
they are free from any disqualifications specified under
section 141(3) and proviso to section 148(3) read with
section 141(4) of the Act.
The Audit Committee has also received a Certificate from the
Cost Auditors certifying their independence and arm s length
relationship with the Company.
As per the provisions of the Act, the remuneration payable
to the Cost Auditor is required to be placed before the
Members for their ratification. Accordingly, a Resolution
seeking Members ratification for the remuneration payable
to M/s. D. C. Dave & Co., Cost Auditors is included in the
Notice convening the Annual General Meeting.
Cost Records
As per section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with
the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, your
Company is required to maintain cost records and accordingly,
such accounts and records are maintained.
Reporting of Frauds by Auditors
During the year under review, the Statutory Auditors, Cost
Auditors and Secretarial Auditor have not reported any
instances of frauds committed in the Company by its Officers
or Employees to the Audit Committee under section 143(12)
of the Companies Act, 2013.
H. PARTICULARS
OF
LOANS,
GUARANTEES,
INVESTMENTS AND SECURITIES
Particulars of the loans given, investment made or
guarantee given or security provided and the purpose
for which the loan or guarantee or security is proposed
to be utilised by the recipient of the loan or guarantee
or security are provided in Note Nos. 8 and 42 to the
Financial Statements.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS AND LOANS / ADVANCES
Your Company had discontinued acceptance of Fixed Deposits
with effect from 1st April 2014.
as required under section 134(3)(h) of the Act is given in
Form AOC-2 as Annexure II, which forms part of this Annual
The Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related
Party Transactions as approved by the Board is uploaded
on the Company s website and can be accessed at the
Web-link
https://www.mahindra.com/Policy-on-Materiality-of-
and-Dealing-with-related-party-transactions.pdf
G. AUDITORS
Statutory Auditors and Auditors Report
M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm
Registration Number 101248W/W-100022), holding valid
certificate issued by the Peer Review Board of the ICAI, were
re-appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company to
hold office for a second term of 5 consecutive years from
the conclusion of the 76th Annual General Meeting ( AGM )
held on 5th August 2022 until the conclusion of the 81st AGM
of the Company to be held in the year 2027.
The Auditors Report for FY26 is unmodified i.e. IT does not
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or
disclaimer.
Secretarial Auditor
Pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI
LODR Regulations ) read with provisions of section 204 of
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, IT
is mandated that every listed entity and its material unlisted
subsidiaries undertake a Secretarial Audit.
Further, listed entities are required to submit an Annual
Secretarial Compliance Report, which shall be signed by the
appointed Secretarial Auditor, a peer reviewed firm of Company
Secretaries satisfying the conditions as prescribed by SEBI.
In alignment with the aforementioned regulatory framework
including the amendments made by SEBI and the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013 regarding Secretarial Audit and
appointment of Secretarial Auditor and as mentioned in the
previous year s Annual Report, the Board of Directors of
your Company based on the recommendations of the Audit
Committee at its Meeting held on 5th May 2025, approved
and recommended to the Shareholders for their approval, the
appointment of M/s. Parikh and Associates, a peer reviewed
All the deposits from public and Shareholders had already
matured as on 31st March 2017. Out of these, 5 deposits
aggregating Rs. 0.84 lakh from the public and Shareholders
as on 31st March 2026 had matured and had not been paid
at the end of the Financial Year as there is a restraining
order from the Hon ble Court / Tribunal / Statutory Authority.
Since then, no deposits have been claimed.
There was no default in repayment of deposits or payment
of interest thereon during the year under review. There is no
non-compliance with the requirements of Chapter V of the
Companies Act, 2013.
The particulars of loans / advances / investments, etc.,
required to be disclosed pursuant to Para A of Schedule V of
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ) are furnished
separately in this Annual Report.
The transaction(s) of the Company with a company belonging
to the promoter / promoter group which hold(s) more than
10% shareholding in the Company as required pursuant to Para
A of Schedule V of the SEBI LODR Regulations are disclosed
separately in the Financial Statements of the Company.
J. EMPLOYEES
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
The following have been designated as the Key Managerial
Personnel of the Company pursuant to sections 2(51) and
203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014
(a) Dr. Anish Shah - Group CEO and Managing Director
(Re-appointed with effect from 1st April 2025 to
31st March 2030)
(b) Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar - Executive Director and CEO
(Auto and Farm Sector) (Re-appointed with effect from
1st April 2025 to 24th June 2029)
(c) Mr. Amarjyoti Barua - Group Chief Financial Officer
(d) Mr. Narayan Shankar - Company Secretary (upto close of
1st April 2025)
(e) Ms. Divya Mascarenhas - Interim Company Secretary (with
effect from 2nd April 2025 upto close of 15th July 2025)
(f) Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga - Company Secretary (with
effect from 16th July 2025)
firm of Company Secretaries in whole time practice, as the
Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of 5 consecutive
years commencing from 1st April 2025 to 31st March 2030.
Further, the Shareholders of the Company at the
79th Annual General Meeting held on 31st July 2025, basis
the recommendation of the Board of Directors, approved the
aforementioned appointment of M/s. Parikh and Associates
as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company.
The Board recognizes the importance of maintaining an
effective compliance framework and adhering to established
standards of Corporate Governance. The firm shall provide
professional inputs on the applicable regulatory requirements
and all relevant laws, rules, and guidelines in accordance with
the provisions governing Secretarial Audit.
Secretarial Audit Report
The Company has annexed to this Board s Report as
Annexure III, a Secretarial Audit Report for the FY26 issued
by M/s. Parikh and Associates, a peer reviewed firm of
Company Secretaries in whole time practice (Certificate of
Practice Number: 6994).
The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any
qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer.
Annual Secretarial Compliance Report
As per SEBI Regulations and Circulars / Guidelines issued
thereunder, the Annual Secretarial Compliance Report issued
by M/s. Parikh and Associates, a peer reviewed firm of Company
Secretaries in whole time practice has been submitted to the
Stock Exchanges and is annexed as Annexure IV to this Board s
Secretarial Audit of Material Unlisted
Indian Subsidiary
There is no Material Unlisted Indian Subsidiary of the Company
as on 31st March 2026 and as such the requirement under
Regulation 24A of the SEBI LODR Regulations regarding the
Secretarial Audit of Material Unlisted Indian Subsidiary is not
applicable to the Company for the FY26.
Cost Auditors
The Board had appointed M/s. D. C. Dave & Co., Cost
Accountants (Firm Registration Number 000611), as Cost
Auditor for conducting the audit of cost records of the
Company for the FY26.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
In an endeavour to improve quality, reduce cost, ensure
safety and improve productivity, your Company s shop floor
associates managed to generate on an average 12.2 ideas
per person in the FY26.
During the year, significant emphasis was also placed on
health and wellness awareness for employees, in addition
to regular annual medical check-ups and health awareness
activities. Diet food has become a way of life, and the Company
maintains an Employee Health Index at an individual level,
which has proven to be a useful tool in identifying employees
who require focused counselling and monitoring.
Proactive, employee-centric shop floor practices, transparent
communication
goals,
effective
concern
resolution mechanisms, and the belief that employees are
the Company s most valuable assets are the cornerstones
of your Company s approach to employee relations. An
open door policy and constant dialogue have helped your
Company build trust and harmony, creating a collaborative,
healthy, and productive work environment.
The industrial relations scenario continued to be largely
positive across all manufacturing locations, with Long Term
Wage and Bonus settlements amicably concluded for all
relevant plants. The sustained efforts towards progressive
work culture led to zero production loss in FY26.
Safety,
Occupational
Health
Environment
Your Company has a well-defined Safety, Occupational Health
& Environment ( SOH&E ) Policy in place. During the year
under review, as part of the ongoing improvement process,
the Company initiated external physical assessments along
with Integrated Management System (IMS) certifications for
its manufacturing plants. These assessments and surveillance /
recertification audits were conducted in line with ISO 9001:2015,
ISO 14001:2015, and ISO 45001:2018 standards.
Management s commitment towards SOH&E is demonstrated
continuous
adoption
relevant
updates, including recent statutory notifications, and their
seamless integration through digitization on the Mahindra
M-Compliance portal. The Company has implemented various
initiatives with AFS Safety conclave supported by periodic
reviews with senior management.
All applicable Government-notified emission norms were
complied with through revised guidelines, ensuring adherence
to overall health and hygiene parameters. Manufacturing
Employees Stock Option and Employees
Welfare Schemes
During the year under review, based on the recommendation
of the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee
of your Company, the Trustees of Mahindra & Mahindra
Employees Stock Option Trust have granted Stock Options to
employees under the Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Employees
Stock Option Scheme 2010 ( ESOP Scheme 2010 ).
The Company has in force the following Schemes, which are
covered under the provisions of SEBI (Share Based Employee
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 ( SEBI SBEB
Regulations )
1.
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Employees Stock Option
Scheme 2010
2.
M&M Employees Welfare Fund No. 1
3.
M&M Employees Welfare Fund No. 2
4.
M&M Employees Welfare Fund No. 3
There are no changes made to the above Schemes during
the year under review and these Schemes are in compliance
with the SEBI SBEB Regulations. Your Company s Secretarial
Auditor, M/s. Parikh and Associates, has certified that
the Company s above-mentioned Schemes have been
implemented in accordance with the SEBI SBEB Regulations,
and the Resolutions passed by the Members for the ESOP
Scheme 2010.
Information as required under Regulation 14 read with Part
F of Schedule I of the SEBI SBEB Regulations has been
uploaded on the Company s website and can be accessed at
the Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/Annual-Report-FY26
Particulars of Employees and related
disclosures
The Company had 536 employees who were in receipt of
remuneration of not less than Rs. 1,02,00,000 during the
year ended 31st March 2026 or not less than Rs. 8,50,000
per month during any part of the year.
Details of employee remuneration as required under
provisions of section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013
read with Rule 5(2) & 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 will
be made available during 21 days before the Annual General
Meeting in electronic mode to any Shareholder upon request
sent at agm.inspection@mahindra.com
Disclosures with respect to the remuneration of Directors,
Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) and employees as required
under section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
conditions across locations were periodically monitored and
assessed by authorised external agencies through structured
measurement and evaluation processes.
At manufacturing locations, key awareness and engagement
initiatives such as Road Safety Week, National Safety Day/
Month, Fire Service Week, Energy Conservation Week, and
Sustainability Day were observed during the year.
Training programmes were strengthened through the
introduction of new age learning methods, including Virtual
Reality (VR) based safety training for competency building. VR
enabled dexterity competitions were organised for welding,
sealer, and paint applications. Critical safety attributes were
recognised through a structured Reward and Recognition
programme for employees.
To enhance safety performance, seven major initiatives were
implemented across manufacturing operations, including:

Safety Observation Tours (SoT) by senior management.

Safe Employee of the Month recognition.

Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA) for
non-routine activities.

Development of audio-visual safety awareness tools.

Deployment of AI based CCTV surveillance.

New project safety management systems.

Digitisation of safety observations.
During the year, 23 Mahindra Life Saving Principles were
deployed at scale across all plants through shop floor
displays, structured training programmes, safety booklets,
and skits involving employees at all levels.
Operational risks were further addressed through the
preparation of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
matrices for associates and Self-Motivated Teams (SMTs).
Basic hygiene sensitisation programmes were conducted for
employees, along with Behaviour Based Safety (BBS) training
for contractors. Training programmes on POSH, Human
Rights, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC), and Code of
Conduct (CoC) were also covered.
As part of continuous safety, health, and environment
competency
building,
job
refresher
training
(OJT) was imparted to associates through Abhiyantriki /
Dexterity Training Schools. Special focus was given to
critical operations, including safety and fire safety, through
structured assessments of machinery and equipment.
Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are given as Annexure V
to this Report.
Industrial Relations
The year under review witnessed a very positive Industrial
Relations Scenario across all manufacturing locations for the
Automotive and Farm Equipment sectors.
Your Company remains committed to fostering proactive
and employee-centric practices. Various initiatives aimed at
building an engaged workforce with an innovative, productive,
and competitive shop-floor ecosystem have continued to
grow stronger.
Some of the initiatives that are undertaken include, development
of Self-Managed Team, improving Gender diversity on the
shopfloor, Employee of the year, Reward and Recognition
for associates, i4-idea generation program, etc. Furthermore,
mandatory programs on Code of Conduct, Prevention of
Sexual Harassment (POSH), Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
(ABAC), and Human Rights are in place to ensure suitable
behaviour and governance. Rephrased Mahindra Core Values
have been communicated to all associates.
With the objectives of building capabilities, developing
future-ready
workforce,
fostering
togetherness, your Company implements a range of
training and engagement programs. These encompass
various behavioural and functional training courses such
as Total Productive Maintenance, Yashashwini, Behavioural-
based safety, Financial Awareness, and courses on current
and future skills like Robotics, Mechatronics, and Electric
Vehicle Technology. In its ongoing effort to enhance the
employee experience, your Company has been rolling out
multiple digital initiatives for automating Employee Life
Cycle Management and implemented an integrated Contract
Labour Management System (CLMS) to manage punching to
billing for contract labours.
The Mahindra Skill Excellence ( MSE ) initiative, aimed at
motivating and enhancing the skills and capabilities of shop
floor associates in crucial areas such as Welding, Painting,
Mechatronics, Vehicle Assembly, Engine Diagnostics, and
CNC Machining, continues robustly across all manufacturing
plants. Associates from 18 plants across the Auto and
Farm Sectors, participated in the MSE competitions during
the year.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
All health and wellness initiatives were periodically reviewed
by senior management. The Mahindra Cricket League for
Men (Season IV) and Women (Season III) was also conducted
to encourage physical fitness. First-aid refresher training
programmes were organised, and ergonomics focused videos
were developed. World Health Day was celebrated through
Body Composition Analysis Camps and specialist consultations.
Environmental awareness was reinforced through celebrations
of World Environment Day, World Earth Day, World Water
Day, World Ozone Day, Energy Conservation Week, and Water
Conservation Week.
Certifications
All plants successfully underwent surveillance audits and
remain certified under ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015.
Integrated Management Systems (IMS) are implemented
across all locations. The Company was re-certified for
Zero Waste to Landfill, with a conversion rate of 99% and
above, reaffirming its commitment to sustainable waste
management.
Senior management periodically reviews SOH&E performance.
Continuous focus on new initiatives, stakeholder involvement,
and structured management reviews has enabled the
Company to consistently progress towards excellence in
SOH&E performance.
K. BOARD & COMMITTEES
Sad Demise of Mr. T.N. Manoharan, Lead
Independent Director of the Company
During the year, Mr. T.N. Manoharan (DIN: 01186248), Lead
Independent Director of the Company ceased to be a Director
of the Company owing to his unfortunate and untimely
demise on 30th July 2025.
Consequent to his demise, he ceased to be the Lead
Independent
Director,
Chairman
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee
and Risk Management Committee and Member of the
Strategic Investment Committee of the Board.
Mr. Manoharan was a guide, mentor and a leader who led with
example, conviction and compassion. His strategic foresight,
business acumen and integrity shaped Mahindra Group s
long-term vision and strengthened its institutional values.
His wisdom, integrity and unwavering commitment to good
governance has left an indelible mark on the Mahindra Group.
The Company will miss his care, nurturing and steady hand.
The Company continued to implement safety best practices
through Safety Observation Tours and monthly theme-based
safety initiatives derived from identified occupational health
and safety (OHS) risks. Health related awareness programmes
were conducted on lifestyle diseases such as diabetes and
hypertension, nutrition, emotional wellbeing, and physical
fitness. Additional initiatives included cancer awareness
programmes, bone health camps, neuropathy and retinopathy
screening camps, super specialty clinics (orthopaedic, urology,
dermatology), mental health projects, stress evaluation
surveys, psychologist sessions, liver fibroscan camps, and
Project #HerWellness for women employees.
Horizontal deployment of learnings, along with Immediate
Corrective Actions (ICA) and Permanent Corrective Actions
(PCA), were undertaken and periodically reviewed by top
management. The Company recorded a reduction in overall
injury rates compared with the previous year. Monthly theme-
based safety drives were well participated and appreciated,
with sector wise Safe Employee of the Month recognitions.
A focused drive to eliminate at risk behaviours was implemented
through Behaviour Based Safety (BBS) initiatives supported
by digitisation. To mitigate fire risk, fire load studies were
conducted. Upgraded fire dousing systems were introduced
to strengthen fire protection and minimise property loss. Fire
safety performance was monitored against revised targets
and reviewed periodically by senior management.
All manufacturing locations have appropriate administrative
control signages displayed at designated operational areas. In
line with the Central Safety Council (CSC) framework of the
Mahindra Group, a Cross Functional Team (CFT) was formed
across locations. During the year, the focus remained on the
coverage of all 23 Mahindra Life Saving Principles through
The Mahindra Safety Way (TMSW) assessments to eliminate
significant risks.
Safety, health, environment, and sustainability awareness was
further promoted during Founders Day celebrations under the
theme Adoption of Sustainable Lifestyles , wherein employees
and their family members were invited to manufacturing
locations to enhance awareness and engagement.
The Company maintained on-site and off-site emergency
and disaster management plans, supported by change
management processes. Gap audits were conducted for risk
evaluation of critical licence and storage areas, audited by
competent authorities. Compliance was ensured through
rigorous third-party audits covering statutory safety,
occupational health, environment, fire safety, electrical safety,
The Company expresses its deep gratitude and acknowledges
the valuable contribution and guidance provided by
Late Mr. T.N. Manoharan.
Lead Independent Director
Ms. Shikha Sharma, Independent Director, Chairperson of
the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
Risk Management Committee and Member of the Audit
Committee and Strategic Investment Committee of the
Board was appointed as the Lead Independent Director of
the Company with effect from 6th October 2025. The role
and responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director are
provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part
of this Annual Report.
Appointment of Independent and Non-
Executive Directors
Based on the recommendation of the Governance, Nomination
and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors at its
Meeting held on 6th October 2025, inter alia, considered and
approved the appointment of:

Ms. Samina Hamied (DIN: 00027923) as an Additional
Director (Independent and Non-Executive) to hold office
as an Independent Director for a term of 5 consecutive
2030; and

Mr.
Muthu
Raju
Paravasa
Raju
Vijay
Kumar
( Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar ) (DIN: 05170323) as an
Additional Director (Independent and Non-Executive)
to hold office as an Independent Director for a term
of 5 consecutive years commencing from 7th October
2025 to 6th October 2030.
Further, the Shareholders of the Company through the
Resolutions passed by way of Postal Ballot on 26th November
2025 approved the appointment of Ms. Samina Hamied and
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar as Independent and Non-Executive
Directors of the Company.
Brief Profiles of Ms. Samina Hamied and Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar
are provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming
part of this Annual Report.
Ms. Samina Hamied and Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar are not debarred
from holding the office of Director on account of any order
of SEBI or any other such authority.
water audits, and FSSAI audits. During the year, noticeable
improvement was achieved in Safety & Health Index scores
through adoption of new initiatives.
Environment and Energy Management
In line with Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
practices, the Company implemented multiple initiatives to
minimise environmental impact. Revised ESG targets were
incorporated into the Balanced Scorecard and reviewed
monthly. Initiatives towards carbon footprint reduction,
Zero Waste to Landfill (ZWTL), and continuous monitoring
of ambient air and noise levels were implemented.
Carbon footprint reduction was achieved through energy
conservation initiatives and increased reliance on renewable
energy. Energy cost savings were realised through measures
such as BLDC fans, energy efficient lighting, VFD drives,
motor derating, chiller efficiency improvement, and resource
optimisation.
Water neutrality initiatives were implemented through
water recycling using RO processes, enhancing overall water
balance and contributing to groundwater recharge.
The Company complied with Extended Producer Responsibility
(EPR) requirements as notified by the Central Pollution
Control Board (CPCB) for plastics, tyres, and batteries. Plastic
elimination measures were undertaken by substituting
compostable plastics and recyclable packaging materials.
Employee Health and Well Being
The Company continued its commitment to employee and
contract associate well-being through monthly health
themes and awareness programmes. Initiatives included
general health webinars, ergonomics sessions, nutrition
awareness, food pyramid displays, healthy recipe education,
and Tea Table Talks to maximise employee engagement on
the shop floor.
The Occupational Health Centre (OHC) played a vital role
through regular monthly initiatives covering diabetes and
hypertension management, obesity prevention, nutrition
awareness (Mahindra Master Chef competition), women
wellness programmes, oral and dental screening camps,
blood pressure screening camps, mental health awareness
under Project Hear to Care, and speciality clinics. Pap
smear and breast screening camps, neuropathy and
retinopathy screening camps, and sports initiatives such as
cricket tournaments were organised to promote physical
fitness.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Evaluation of Committees
The performance evaluation of Committees was based on
criteria such as structure and composition of Committees,
attendance and participation of member of the Committees,
fulfilment of the functions assigned to Committees by the
Board and applicable regulatory framework, adequacy of
time allocated at the Committee Meetings to fulfil duties
assigned to IT, adequacy and timeliness of the Agenda and
Minutes circulated, comprehensiveness of the discussions,
effectiveness of the Committee s recommendation for the
decisions of the Board, etc.
Evaluation of Directors and Board
A separate exercise was carried out by the Governance,
Nomination and Remuneration Committee ( GNRC ) of the
Board to evaluate the performance of individual Directors. The
performance evaluation of the Non-Independent Directors
and the Board as a whole was carried out by the Independent
Directors. The performance evaluation of the Chairman of
the Board was also carried out by the Independent Directors,
taking into account the views of the Executive Directors and
Non-Executive Directors. The performance evaluation of the
Group CEO and Managing Director and the Executive Director
and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector) of the Company was carried
out by the Chairman of the Board and other Directors.
Criteria for Independent Directors
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was
based on various criteria, inter alia, including attendance
at Board and Committee Meetings, skill, experience, ability
to challenge views of others in a constructive manner,
knowledge acquired with regard to the Company s business,
understanding of industry and global trends, ability to
maintain independence, etc.
Performance Evaluation indicators for Independent Directors
include contributing to and monitoring Corporate Governance
Practices, introduce International Best Practices to address
Business Challenges and Risks and Participation in Long
Term Strategic Planning.
Criteria for Chairman
The performance evaluation of Chairman of the Board
was based on various criteria, inter alia, including style of
Chairman s leadership, effective engagement with other Board
members during and outside the meetings, allocation of time
provided to other Board members at the meetings, effective
engagement with Shareholders during General Meetings, etc.
Re-appointment
Two
Independent
Directors for a Second Term
As mentioned in the previous year s Annual Report, the
Board at its Meeting held on 5th May 2025 had recommended
the re-appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej and Mr. Muthiah
Murugappan as Independent Directors for a second term of
5 consecutive years.
Further, at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on
31st July 2025, the Shareholders of the Company, basis
the recommendation of the Board of Directors, approved
the following:

Re-appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej (DIN: 00591503)
as an Independent Director of the Company for a
second term of 5 consecutive years commencing
from 8th August 2025 to 7th August 2030 (both days
inclusive); and

Re-appointment
Muthiah
Murugappan
(DIN: 07858587) as an Independent Director of the
Company for a second term of 5 consecutive years
commencing from 8th August 2025 to 7th August 2030
(both days inclusive).
Independent Directors
The Company has received declarations from all the
Independent Directors of the Company confirming that they
meet the criteria of independence as prescribed both under
the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors of
the Company hold highest standards of integrity and possess
requisite expertise and experience required to fulfil their
duties as Independent Directors.
In terms of section 150 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of
Directors) Rules, 2014, Independent Directors of the Company
have confirmed that they have registered themselves with
the databank maintained by The Indian Institute of Corporate
Affairs, Manesar ( IICA ).
The Independent Directors are also required to undertake
online proficiency self-assessment test conducted by IICA
within a period of 2 years from the date of inclusion of
their names in the data bank, unless they meet the criteria
specified for exemption.
Criteria for Managing Director and Executive Director
The performance evaluation of Group CEO and Managing
Director and the Executive Director and CEO (Auto and
Farm Sector) was based on various criteria, inter alia,
including standards of integrity, fairness and transparency
demonstrated, identification of strategic targets, anticipation
of future demands and opportunities, resource staffing to
meet short term and long term goals, engagement with Board
members, updating Board on significant issues, commitment
to organisational values, vision and mission, adaptation to
meet changing circumstances, knowledge and sensitivity of
stakeholders needs within and outside the Company.
Results of Evaluation
The results of the Evaluation for the year under review were
shared with the Board, Chairman of respective Committees
and individual Directors. The results of Evaluation showed
high level of commitment and Engagement of Board, its
various Committees and Senior leadership.
As part of the outcome of the Performance Evaluation
exercise, IT was noted that the Board is Independent, operates
at a high level of Governance Standards and is committed to
creating value for all stakeholders.
IT was also noted that the Meetings of the Board are well
planned and run effectively by the Chair, its Committees are
managed well and continue to perform on their respective
focus areas of Governance and Internal Controls.
As part of the Company s annual strategy planning process,
the Company deliberates on various topics related to
strategic planning, progress of ongoing strategic initiatives,
risks to strategy execution and the need for new strategic
programs to achieve the Company s long-term objectives.
The evaluation outcomes for the year under review were
thoroughly deliberated upon with the Board Members,
Committee Chairpersons, and individual Directors.
The
Board
Evaluation
reaffirms
Board s
strong
commitment to governance and strategic oversight, as
evidenced by the proactive leadership of its members,
the effectiveness of Committees and the engagement of
senior management. A key insight highlights the Board s
independence and steadfast dedication to upholding rigorous
governance standards, ensuring transparency and fostering
sustainable value creation for stakeholders.
The Independent Directors of the Company are exempt
from the requirement to undertake online proficiency
self-assessment test except Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
who has successfully completed the online proficiency
self-assessment test.
Re-appointment of Dr. Anish Shah, Managing
Director
Chief
Executive
Officer
designated as Group CEO and Managing
Director and Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive
Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)
As mentioned in previous Annual Reports:

Dr. Anish Shah has been re-appointed as the Managing
Director and Chief Executive Officer designated as
Group CEO and Managing Director of the Company
with effect from 1st April 2025 to 31st March 2030
(both days inclusive), liable to retire by rotation.

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar has been re-appointed as a Whole
Time Director designated as Executive Director and CEO
(Auto and Farm Sector) of the Company, for a period
commencing from 1st April 2025 to 24th June 2029
(both days inclusive), liable to retire by rotation.
Retirement by rotation
Mr. Ranjan Pant and Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo retire by rotation
and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at
the 80th Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled
to be held on 30th July 2026.
Board Evaluation
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, the Board has carried out an annual
evaluation of its own performance and that of its Committees
as well as performance of all the Directors individually
including Independent Directors, Chairman of the Board,
Group CEO and Managing Director, Executive Director and
CEO (Auto and Farm Sector).
Feedback Mechanism
Feedback was sought by way of a structured questionnaire
covering various aspects of the Board s functioning such as
adequacy of time spent on strategic issues, effectiveness of
Governance practices, setting corporate culture and values,
execution and performance of specific duties, obligations and
governance. The performance evaluation was carried out
based on the responses received from the Directors.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Strategic Presentations are made to the Board where Directors
get an opportunity to interact with Senior Management.
Directors are also informed of the various developments in
the Company through Press Releases, emails, etc.
Ms. Samina Hamied and Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar, Independent
Directors appointed during the FY26 participated in a structured
orientation program aimed at enhancing their understanding
of their duties, responsibilities, and governance obligations. The
program provided insights into the organisation s background,
operations, and overall organisational framework, along
with details on the composition and roles of various Board
Committees. The session also addressed Board processes,
governance practices, and the risk management framework
to support the Directors in effectively contributing to the
Board s functioning.
The Company uses a web-based portal i.e. BoardVantage
portal which is accessible to all Directors and includes all
the necessary papers and documents, inter alia, including
Agendas, Minutes, Presentations, etc.
This platform enhances the efficient and effective conduct of
Meetings and provides with accessibility and organisation of
important documents and resources for the Board.
Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR
Regulations ), the Company imparted various familiarisation
programmes for its Directors including periodic review
of Investments of the Company at Strategic Investment
Committee Meetings, Regulatory updates, Industry Outlook,
Business Strategy at the Board Meetings and changes with
respect to SEBI LODR Regulations, Framework for Related
Party Transactions, etc. at the Audit Committee Meetings,
various Business Entity Risks, etc. at the Risk Management
Committee Meetings, Product Launches and Showcase of
New Vehicles, Session on Geopolitics, etc.
The details as required under Regulations 46 and 62(1A) of
the SEBI LODR Regulations are available on the Company s
website at the web link: https://www.mahindra.com/Annual-
Report-FY26
Directors Responsibility Statement
Pursuant to section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, your
Directors, based on the representations received from the
Operating Management and after due enquiry, confirm that:
(a) in the preparation of the annual accounts for the
Financial Year ended 31st March 2026, the applicable
accounting standards have been followed;
The evaluation also highlights the efficiency and strategic
organization of Board Meetings, which are meticulously
planned and effectively led by the Chair to ensure productive
discussions and informed decision-making. Additionally, the
Committees have also showcased effective management and
performance, particularly in governance and internal controls,
reflecting their dedication to maintaining high standards in
their respective areas of focus.
Based on the outcome of the performance evaluation for
the year under review, certain focus areas were identified.
The Board has agreed on an action plan to further improve
its effectiveness and functioning and to maintain the High
Standards of Governance, Visibility and Interaction in the
coming years.
The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the Evaluation
process. During the year under review, GNRC ascertained
and reconfirmed that the deployment of questionnaire as
a methodology, is effective for evaluation of performance of
the Board and Committees and individual Directors.
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
As mentioned in the previous year s Annual Report, the Board
at its Meeting held on 31st March 2025, noted and approved
the Retirement of Mr. Narayan Shankar, Company Secretary
of the Company with effect from close of 1st April 2025,
pursuant to him reaching the age of Superannuation and
consequent cessation as Compliance Officer of the Company
under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ) and also as the
Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel
Further, Ms. Divya Mascarenhas was appointed as the
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer under the SEBI
LODR Regulations (in an Interim Capacity), designated as
Interim Company Secretary and Key Managerial Personnel ,
with effect from 2nd April 2025. She subsequently ceased to
hold office from the close of 15th July 2025.
During the year, pursuant to the recommendation made
by the Governance, Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on 11th July
2025, approved the appointment of Mr. Sailesh Kumar
Daga (ICSI Membership No. F4164) as the Company
Secretary of the Company and as Compliance Officer under
SEBI LODR Regulations. He has also been designated as
a Key Managerial Personnel and inducted into the Senior
Management Personnel of the Company, with effect from
16th July 2025.
(b) they had in consultation with Statutory Auditors,
selected
accounting
policies
applied
them
consistently, and made judgments and estimates that
are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at
31st March 2026 and of the profit of the Company for
the year ended on that date;
(c) they have taken proper and sufficient care for the
maintenance
adequate
accounting
records
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and
for preventing and detecting fraud and irregularities;
(d) they have prepared the annual accounts on a going
concern basis;
(e) they have laid down adequate Internal Financial Controls
to be followed by the Company, and such Internal
Financial Controls were operating effectively during the
Financial Year ended 31st March 2026;
(f) they had devised proper systems to ensure compliance
with the provisions of all applicable laws and that
such systems were adequate and operating effectively
throughout the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026.
Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting
A calendar of Meetings is prepared and circulated in advance
to the Directors.
During the year 1st April 2025 to 31st March 2026, nine Board
Meetings were held on: 26th April 2025, 5th May 2025, 11th July
2025, 30th July 2025, 6th October 2025, 4th November 2025,
12th November 2025, 11th February 2026 and 31st March 2026.
The 79th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was
held on 31st July 2025 through Video Conferencing / Other
Audio Visual Means.
Meetings of Independent Directors
Your Company is firmly committed to upholding the highest
standards of governance and places a strong emphasis on
ensuring the independence and objectivity of the Board.
To foster this environment, the Independent Directors of your
Company meet periodically, including prior to the scheduled
Board Meetings without the presence of the Chairman, the
Group CEO and Managing Director, the Executive Director or
other Non Independent Director(s) or any other Management
Personnel.
Policies on Appointment and Remuneration
Your Company has adopted the following Policies:
(a) Policy on Appointment of Directors and Senior
Management and succession planning for orderly
succession to the Board and the Senior Management;
(b) Policy for remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial
Personnel and other employees.
Policy (a) mentioned above includes the criteria for
determining
qualifications,
positive
attributes
independence of a Director, identification of persons who are
qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in
the Senior Management Team in accordance with the criteria
laid down in the said Policy, succession planning for Directors
and Senior Management, and Policy statement for Talent
Management framework of the Company.
Policy (b) mentioned above sets out the approach to
Compensation of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and
other employees in the Company.
Policies mentioned at (a) and (b) above are uploaded on the
Company s website and can be accessed at the Web-link:
https://www.mahindra.com/policies-and-documents
Familiarisation Programme for Independent
Directors / Non-Executive Directors
The Members of the Board of the Company are afforded many
opportunities to familiarise themselves with the Company, its
Management and its operations. The Directors are provided
with all the documents to enable them to have a better
understanding of the Company, its various operations and
the industry in which IT operates.
All the Independent Directors of the Company are made aware of
their roles and responsibilities at the time of their appointment
through a formal letter of appointment, which also stipulates
various terms and conditions of their engagement.
Independent Directors meet the business and functional
heads and provide their inputs and suggestions on strategic
and operational matters at the quarterly Board / Committee
Meetings.
Executive Directors and Senior Management provide
an overview of the operations and familiarize the new
Non-Executive Directors on matters related to the Company s
values and commitments. They are also introduced to the
organization structure, constitution of various committees,
board procedures, risk management strategies, etc.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
New joiners are mandatorily required to undertake eLearning
modules on the Code, POSH and ABAC. In addition to this, an
Annual Compliance Declaration Module is mandated for the
employees where the employees provide their affirmation
on clauses of the Code and appropriate disclosure wherever
applicable.
In order to achieve regular reinforcement of the Code and
policies across the Company, the Company has an Ethics
Counsellors community with over 170 Ethics Counsellors.
They are the flag bearers and drivers to enhance awareness
about the policies and procedures, amplify the values which
the Company stands for and facilitate regular conversations
and awareness with their cohorts. The Ethics Counsellors
are trained by subject matter experts (internal/ external)
on ethics and policies throughout the year. During the year,
they have trained more than approximately 4,000 employees
across various geographies on the Code and policies related
to ABAC, G&E, POSH and WB including appropriate real life
case studies (while maintaining confidentiality), examples and
respective disciplinary actions taken. Further, the Company
has driven sensitisation on various aspects of its ethical
policies and procedures vide guidelines, emailers, videos,
standees and posters across locations.
Your Company s Vigil mechanism process is clearly defined for
identifying, investigation and decision making by respective
Group Ethics and Governance Committee ( GEGC ) or Business
Ethics and Governance Committee ( BEGC ) to appropriately
resolve the violations of applicable Company policy and
relevant law. IT is regularly communicated throughout the
Company vide the Speak Up campaign . Overall details
pertaining to such violations is reviewed by the Corporate
Governance Council and the Audit Committee on quarterly
basis which helps in identification of vulnerable areas, policy
development, any review of policies, process improvement,
training and awareness initiatives. The Corporate Governance
Council ensures that the Ethics and Governance framework
is executed effectively. The GEGC and BEGC help to ensure
decisions on substantiated cases are taken in a fair, just and
consistent manner across various functions of that business.
In addition to the laid down processes, the Company has also
strengthened the Data Leakage Protection (DLP) process, to
ensure minimisation of any loss/ leakage and protection of
Company s sensitive/ confidential data.
Vigil Mechanism
The Vigil Mechanism as envisaged in the Companies Act,
2013, read with the Rules prescribed thereunder, and the
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
As required under Schedule IV of the Companies Act,
2013, these meetings are held without the attendance of
Non Independent Directors and members of management
and are conducted to facilitate free and open discussion
among the Independent Directors to, inter alia, discuss
matters pertaining to the review of the performance of
Non Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as
a whole; review the performance of the Chairman of the
Company (taking into account the views of other Executive
and Non Executive Directors); and assess the quality, quantity,
and timeliness of the flow of information between the
Company s management and the Board, which is necessary
for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform its duties.
During the year under review, 3 Meetings of Independent
Directors were held and were well attended. Upon the conclusion
of the Meetings, the Independent Directors, as deemed
appropriate, communicate any suggestions, views or concerns
to the Chairman or the Group CEO and Managing Director.
Audit Committee
Mr. T. N. Manoharan, Independent Director of the Company
ceased to be the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the
Company owing to his unfortunate and untimely demise on
30th July 2025. Accordingly, the Board at its Meeting held
on 6th October 2025, noted the consequent change in Audit
Committee composition and inducted Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar
as Member and Chairman of the Committee with effect from
7th October 2025.
The Committee as of 31st March 2026 comprised of
three Directors viz. Mr. M.P Vijay Kumar (Chairman of the
Committee), Ms. Shikha Sharma and Mr. Muthiah Murugappan.
Post the year end, Ms. Padmasree Warrior and Mr. Ranjan Pant
were inducted as Members and Ms. Shikha Sharma stepped
down from the Committee with effect from 6th May 2026.
As on 31st March 2026, all the Members of the Committee
are Independent Directors and possess strong accounting and
financial management knowledge. The Company Secretary of
the Company is the Secretary of the Committee.
All the recommendations of the Audit Committee were
accepted by the Board.
L. GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance
Your Company proudly upholds a distinguished legacy of ethical
governance, with many of its practices instituted well before
legal requirements came into effect. This enduring commitment
Regulations, 2015 is implemented through the Company s
Whistle-Blower Policy.
The Whistle-Blower Policy of your Company is uploaded on
the Company s website and can be accessed at the Web-link:
https://www.mahindra.com/Whistle-blower-Policy.pdf
IT enables the Directors, employees and all stakeholders of
the Company to report genuine concerns (about unethical
behaviour, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of the Code)
and provides for adequate safeguards against victimisation
of persons who use such mechanism and makes provision
for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
A quarterly report on the whistle-blower complaints, as
received, is placed before the Audit Committee for its review.
All complaints are tracked and monitored on timely basis.
During the year, the Company received 208 whistle-blower
complaints, out of which 165 complaints were investigated,
and appropriate actions were taken and investigations are
underway for the remaining 43 complaints.
The Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013
Your Company believes in providing a safe, non-hostile and
harassment-free work environment at all its workplaces. The
Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment at
the workplace. A detailed Prevention of Sexual Harassment
( POSH ) Policy is in place as per the requirements of The
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 ( the Act ).
The POSH Policy of the Company is available on the
Company s website and can be accessed in the Governance
section at the Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/policies-
and-documents
The POSH Policy is also available in 8 vernacular languages.
The POSH Policy covers the Company and its subsidiaries,
all employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees)
irrespective of their sexual orientation/ preferences and
all persons associated with/ visiting the Company at
any of its locations. The POSH Policy is gender inclusive
and the framework ensures complete anonymity and
confidentiality.
Internal Complaints Committees ( IC ) have been constituted
to timely redress complaints of sexual harassment and the
Company has complied with the provisions relating to the
reflects not only foresight but also an unwavering dedication
to integrity. Transparency remains the cornerstone of every
transaction, and business ethics continue to be prioritized as
fundamental to the Company s identity and success.
Your Company continued to feature in the Leadership
category in the Corporate Governance Scorecard 2025
which is developed by Institutional Investor Advisory Services
India Limited ( IiAS ) with support from International Finance
Corporation ( IFC ) and BSE Limited ( BSE ). Further, your
Company has been awarded the prestigious Golden Peacock
Global Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance for
the year 2025 (under the Automobile Sector), securing this
honour for the fifth time.
A Report on Corporate Governance along with a Certificate
from the Statutory Auditors of the Company regarding
compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance as
stipulated under Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 forms part
of this Annual Report.
Compliance Management
The Company is using a compliance management tool which
provides system-driven alerts to the respective owners
for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
Certificates capturing the compliance status of all laws and
regulations applicable to the Company are generated at the
end of each quarter and submitted by the Group CEO and
Managing Director to the Board.
Ethics Framework
The revised House of Rise in Company s Code of Conduct
( Code ) emphasises on how Mahindra s culture is built on strong
values and good behaviours which is seen in the right choices
made and actions taken each day even if no one is watching.
The Ethics and Governance framework is also anchored
by clearly defined policies and procedures, covering areas
such as Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption ( ABAC ), Gifts &
Entertainment ( G&E ), Prevention of Sexual Harassment at
Workplace ( POSH ), Whistle-Blower Policy ( WB ), Business
Partner Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct to
ensure robust Corporate Governance.
The Code of Conduct and all the Company s policies are
uploaded on the Company s website and can be accessed
the Web-link:
https://www.mahindra.com/policies-and-
documents and on the Rise@Work, the Company s intranet
as well as on the mobile app Me-connect.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Your Company also remains committed to strengthening
India s higher education infrastructure. Through its continued
support to institutions such as Mahindra University, IT
is fostering academic excellence, research and industry
collaboration to nurture future-ready talent. Additionally,
merit and need-based scholarships are helping to ensure that
deserving students can pursue higher education irrespective
of their socio-economic backgrounds.
Aligned with the evolving needs of the Automotive Sector
marked by a surge in demand for mobility, youth skilling in these
emerging capabilities has become a key priority. Your Company
supported technical lab infrastructure, and capacity building
for students and faculty across 70 Industrial Training Institutes
(ITIs) this year. These efforts are aimed at bridging the skill gaps
and building a workforce equipped for the future of mobility.
Environmental sustainability continues to be an important
part of your Company s CSR strategy. Through water
conservation initiatives, your Company is working closely
with rural communities to promote sustainable agriculture
practices, enhance water security and encourage responsible
management of natural resources.
Looking ahead, your Company will continue to strengthen its
role as a catalyst for inclusive and sustainable growth. By
strengthening partnerships, aligning with the United Nations
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and deepening
community engagement, your Company remains committed
to building a more equitable India, one where every individual
has the opportunity to Rise. #TogetherWeRise
The impact of some of the flagship CSR initiatives your
Company invested in FY26 is detailed below:
Empowering Girls
Project Nanhi Kali embarked on a new journey since
last academic year, to empower girls from lower-income
backgrounds by supporting them from Grades 6th to 10th
through targeted educational and sports initiatives. The
program emphasizes holistic development, by integrating
curricular and extracurricular activities within schools,
enabling girls to transition more seamlessly to higher
education and employment opportunities.
The in-school curriculum, comprising 40 hours of structured
learning, is delivered by highly qualified trainers. Complimenting
this, the after-school sports leadership program is facilitated
by women from the local communities who are trained by
experts. This approach not only creates strong grassroots role
models but also serves as a vital bridge between the project
constitution of IC under the Act. While maintaining the
highest governance norms, IC are constituted for various
locations. As required, majority of the total members of
the IC are women. The external members with requisite
experience in handling such matters are also part of the IC.
The IC is presided over by a senior woman employee in each
committee. Inquiries are conducted and recommendations
are made by the IC at the respective locations. The IC is
updated on judicial trends and trained regularly on the
nuances of the Act.
The details of complaints received, disposed and pending,
during the FY26 are as follows:
Particulars
Number of
Number of complaints under inquiry as on 1st April 2025
Number of complaints of sexual harassment received
between 1st April 2025 to 31st March 2026
Number of complaints disposed of between 1st April
2025 to 31st March 2026

Number of complaints pending as on 31st March 2026
Number of cases pending for more than 90 days
All complaints are tracked and monitored on timely basis.
Continuous awareness in this area has been created
POSH
campaigns
reiterating
Company s commitment to providing a safe workplace to
all its employees. During the year, the Company organised
sensitization and awareness programs vide inductions for
new joiners, e-learning modules for all employees, classroom
trainings and sensitization for employees, trainees, associates
including sending emailers, and posters, etc. Further, virtual
and classroom training sessions were conducted by the
Company s Ethics Counsellors.
Compliance with The Maternity Benefit Act,
The Company is compliant with the applicable provisions of
The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and has policies, systems
and processes in place to ensure ongoing compliance.
Risk Management
Your Company has a well-defined risk management
framework in place. The risk management framework works
at various levels across the Company. These levels form the
strategic defence cover of the Company s risk management.
Your Company has a robust organisational structure for
managing and reporting on risks.
and on-ground stakeholders. Additionally, Nanhi Kalis receive
a comprehensive kit that includes t-shirts, shoes, socks, a
notebook, pens and a year-long supply of feminine hygiene
materials, ensuring they can attend school with dignity.
Another short-duration initiative, Skill Bridge, focuses on
improving English fluency and enhancing job readiness
among adolescent girls from Grades 9th to 12th. In parallel, the
Teacher Training initiative aligned with the National Education
Policy 2020 equips educators to integrate 21st century skills
into classroom teaching.
In FY26, Project Nanhi Kali supported the education
of 1,94,392 underserved girls. Of these, 1,81,037 girls
participated in the academic interventions during school
hours and sports training programme after school hours in
1,935 schools across 17 districts in 7 states of India.
The Mahindra Group supported 1,00,007 girls of which your
Company supported 55,406 girls. An additional 13,355 girls
were trained under the Skill Bridge program conducted in
6 states. Of these, your Company supported 7,000 girls.
Furthermore, 1,500 school teachers from State of Assam,
were trained under the Teacher Training program, which was
fully supported by your Company. This initiative is expected
to further impact the lives of an additional 78,676 girls.
Over the years, Project Nanhi Kali has significantly improved
school attendance, reduced dropout rates, and enhanced
the learning outcomes of girls. Since its inception, Project
Nanhi Kali has supported the education of over 9,40,000
underprivileged girls.
Empowering Women
Kaabil, a CSR-led pioneering flagship initiative dedicated to
bridging the gap between Skills, Education and Employment.
Kaabil aims to address this gap via a phygital approach
through both in-person and digital interventions.
Since its inception, Kaabil, has skilled more than 1.4 million
women marking a significant milestone leveraging deep
learnings and best practices. In FY26 alone the Company has
trained 4,62,704 women which has been achieved via three
pathways:
Employability Skilling: The Mahindra Group s flagship
employability skilling program imparts 21st century soft and
life skills to ensure job readiness, including communication,
time management, and business etiquette to navigate and
secure formal employment.
Your Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee
of the Board which is authorised to monitor and review
risk management plan and risk certificate. The Committee
is also empowered, inter alia, to review and recommend to
the Board modifications to the Risk Management Policy.
Further, the Board has constituted a Corporate Risk Council
comprising the Senior Executives of the Company. The terms
of reference of the Council include review of risks and Risk
Management Policy at periodic intervals.
Your Company has developed and implemented a Risk
Management Policy which is approved by the Board. The
Risk Management Framework of the Company includes
identification of risks, including cyber security and related
risks and also those which in the opinion of the Board may
threaten the existence of the Company. Risk management
process has been established across the Company and is
designed to identify, assess and frame a response to threats
that affect the achievement of its objectives. Further, IT is
embedded across all the major functions and revolves around
the goals and objectives of the organisation.
M. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND
Sustainability
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Over the years, your Company deepened its commitment
to creating measurable social impact by advancing focused,
scalable and future-ready CSR interventions. Rooted in the
Mahindra Rise philosophy, these efforts go beyond intent,
driving meaningful outcomes across education, livelihoods,
health and the environment, with a clear emphasis on
inclusion and long-term community resilience.
A defining milestone this year has been the launch of a
flagship initiative in maternal and newborn healthcare. This
reflects a strategic expansion of your Company s CSR priorities,
addressing critical gaps in early-life and maternal care, laying
the foundation for healthier families and communities.
The flagship girls education and skilling program, Project
Nanhi Kali, continues to support thousands of young girls
through 21st century skills and sports leadership skills training,
enabling them to build confidence, agency and aspirations.
The flagship women s empowerment initiative, Kaabil, is
equipping women with employable skills and pathways to
financial independence, enabling them to participate more
actively in the workforce and contribute meaningfully to
their communities.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
creating/rejuvenating water harvesting structures for water
conservation, soil erosion prevention, improving soil health,
and crop diversification. These efforts increased water
harvesting potential for irrigation and drinking by positively
impacting surface and ground water levels.
In FY26, under Jal Samriddhi project, your Company
undertook creation and renovation of 853 water harvesting
structures resulting in 6,010 lakh litres of water harvesting
potential and an increase in irrigation potential across
3,793 hectares. More than 9,000 hectares was covered
under water management initiatives, and more than 53,862
farmers and community members have benefited through
water conservation. This includes a collaborative project
undertaken with NABARD in Igatpuri (Maharashtra) aimed to
ensure water security. In total, under Jal Samriddhi, over 150
villages were covered across 8 states.
Mahindra
CSR
Hospital
Project
(Maternity
Newborn Care)
Your Company undertook a flagship Mahindra CSR Hospital
Project (Maternity and Newborn Care), with an objective
to strengthen maternity and newborn care in multiple
hospitals pan India by extending critical medical equipment/
infrastructure support. The project s target audience is
expecting/new mothers, newborns and children up to 5 years
of age. Under this project, 16 hospitals were partnered across
12 cities in 9 States/UTs. These hospitals will offer access
to quality maternity and newborn care related services and
treatment to the needy patients.
Employee Volunteering
Employee volunteering remains a cornerstone of your
Company s CSR initiatives. Through structured and self-
driven platforms Employee Social Options (Esops) and
MySeva, employees actively supported a wide range of social
causes. These initiatives included blood donation camps, tree
plantation drives, cleanliness campaigns, health check-up
camps, engagement with Government schools, and other
community-focused activities.
During the year under review, employees of the Mahindra
Group
collectively
3,49,528
person-hours
through the Esops platform (company-led initiatives)
and 1,27,177 person-hours through MySeva (individual
volunteering efforts). Of these, employees of your Company
contributed a total of 1,08,391.50 person-hours towards
various social initiatives, comprising 1,08,346.5 person-hours
through ESOPS and 45 person-hours through MySeva.
In partnership with over 3,420 institutions and other vocational
centres across 22 States, the training focusses on women in
their final year within government/government-aided colleges,
ITIs, Polytechnic and other diploma courses Pan-India.
In FY26, this initiative supported training of 3,29,423 women,
out of which the Mahindra Group supported 2,65,679
women. Of these, 1,82,118 women were supported through
Domain Skilling: This initiative focusses on enhancing
domain acumen through targeted skilling initiatives majorly in
high demand sectors such as apparel, healthcare, automobile,
retail, digital marketing, logistics and equips them with the
required vocational skills to secure jobs in these industries.
In FY26, the Mahindra Group supported training of 22,918
women, of these, 20,708 were supported through your
Agri Skilling
Regenerative Agriculture: Agriculture-oriented skilling for
women farmers in bio-diversity training through sustainable
agriculture practices (such as regenerative agriculture)
towards soil fertility and productivity. The program focusses
on ensuring food and nutrition security for their families,
increased productivity, income and agency change for small
and marginal women farmers.
Leveraging agricultural land on small plots of land around
their homestead, often referred to as Good Food Corners ,
this intervention supports women farmers to reduce their
agricultural input costs and enhance their income through
the sale of high-quality crops.
A new intervention introduced this year equips women
farmers (including tribal districts), to establish and manage
small scale nurseries of vegetables, floriculture, horticulture
saplings using organic / regenerative agricultural practices.
This includes the supply of seeds and seedlings, organic
compost and other bio-inputs and facilitation of market
linkages. The project helps deliver an immediate income
stream in the first year itself, through reduced input cost
and enhanced crop productivity.
The program in Rajasthan builds in digital literacy to the
agricultural skills training to empower women s decision-
making in households towards enhanced incomes and greater
financial autonomy.
This initiative aims to transform conventional labour-intensive
processes and household burdens to boost agricultural -
The fourth edition of Mahindra Volunteering Day was
successfully organized on 5th December 2025, witnessing
participation from 34,401 volunteers who collectively
contributed 74,878 person-hours across diverse activities.
During the year under review, your Company was
honoured to receive the following awards in recognition
of its contributions to Society, further motivating the
Company to continue serving the communities:
1.
ET Now Champions of CSR Award for outstanding
contribution (December 2025).
2.
Golden Peacock Award for Corporate Social Responsibility
(February 2026).
3.
SIAM CSR Award in Road Safety and Education Category
(February 2026).
4.
SIAM CSR Award 2026 in Skill Development and
Employability Category (February 2026).
5.
The Brandon Hall Silver Award for Best Corporate
Outreach to Promote DEI and Belonging in Communities
Category to Mahindra ITI Auto Skills (September 2025).
6.
Rotary National CSR Award 2025 - Jal Samriddhi
(Environment Protection) in Mega Category (Western
Region) (January 2025).
7.
ITOTY AWARD for Best CSR Initiative for Farmers Project
Paani to Swaraj Division (July 2025).
8.
ITOTY-2025- Best CSR initiative for Farmers (Zaheerabad,
Nagpur, and Jaipur) (July 2025).
9.
bVokal CSR Awards for Pankh Category for Expanding
Horizons of Impact to North-East to Auto Sales Team
(AD S&CO) (August 2025).
10. bVokal CSR Award for Samarpan Category for
Volunteering Initiatives to Zaheerabad (Auto and Farm
Division) (August 2025).
CSR Policy
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee had formulated
and recommended to the Board, a Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy ( CSR Policy ) which was subsequently
adopted by IT and is being implemented by the Company.
The CSR Policy including a brief overview of the projects
or programs undertaken by the Company is uploaded
on the Company s website and can be accessed at the
Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/CSRPolicy.pdf
knowledge, skills, productivity, and incomes and enhance the
role of women in financial decision-making.
This intervention aspires to build a resilient, sustainable
agricultural ecosystem that transforms traditional farming
and uplifts the social and economic fabric of rural communities.
Within the scope of the agri skilling project, the Mahindra
Group supported 1,01,212 women farmers in FY26 in
Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and
Rajasthan, of which 97,541 women were supported by your
Farm Skilling: Under the farm skilling initiative of PRERNA,
your Company supported 9,151 women farmers by training
them in effective farming practices and providing them
with advisory services which include soil health, access to
farm equipment, linkages to Government welfare support
initiatives, resource efficient agriculture methodologies, and
increasing crop productivity.
Digital Integration: In addition to on-ground skills training
and placements, the Company has built a tech-enabled
ecosystem that connects skilled women to verified, hyperlocal
job opportunities - while also building sector awareness and
employability confidence.
Kaabil offers a no-cost, mobile-first digital platform that
enables young women to access AI-powered job matching with
live vacancies aligned to their skills and aspirations.

Receive application and interview support, including
Resume building and career counselling.

Engage in bitesize learning and skill development via a
dedicated LMS.

Apply for jobs, track their progress, and receive updates
in real time.
The platform serves as a linkage between education and
employment, a collaboration between skilling institutions
and employing organisations across several key sectors
geographies.
Kaabil
built
a collective
organisations working together to unlock women s workforce
participation at scale and contribute to a stronger, more
inclusive economy.
Environment Conservation
Jal Samriddhi (Water conservation) has been a flagship CSR
initiative across the business locations of your Company. The
focus is on capacity building of farmers and communities in

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Included as part of World Economic Forum s global
strategic advisory body on sustainability (12 companies
globally out of more than 200 large MNCs in WEF).

CDP A rating (highest) in climate for Group Companies
- the Company and Tech Mahindra Limited (Top 5%
globally).

Recognized in TIME s list of World s Most Sustainable
Companies list with Tech Mahindra Limited and your
Company ranked 2nd and 3rd respectively amongst the
12 Indian companies featured on the list.

Globescan recognised Mahindra Group as one of the
Champions of Sustainability in APAC (1/7 companies),
highlighting
Company s
success
aligning
sustainability with core business.
The Company continues to drive climate action across areas,
both internally and in the ecosystem.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report
In terms of Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI
LODR Regulations ), the Top 1,000 listed entities based on
market capitalization shall submit a Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report ( BRSR ) in the format as specified
and updated by SEBI.
SEBI has further identified a focused subset of the BRSR
framework, referred to as BRSR Core. The top 250 listed
entities are mandatorily required to undertake assessment
or assurance of the BRSR Core parameters for the reporting
period FY26.
The Company has prepared its BRSR for the FY26, in
accordance with the format as prescribed by SEBI vide
its Master Circular dated 30th January 2026 (including
amendments thereto) along with the Industry Standards
on BRSR Core as prescribed by SEBI dated 20th December
2024.
The
BRSR
provides
quantitative,
comparable,
standardised disclosures on ESG parameters, facilitating
meaningful comparisons across companies, sectors, and
time periods. These disclosures are designed to empower
investors to make informed investment decisions. The BRSR
also enables the Company to engage more meaningfully with
stakeholders, to look beyond financials and towards social
and environmental impacts.
CSR Committee
The CSR Committee comprises of Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
(Chairman), Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Dr. Anish Shah, and
Ms. Padmasree Warrior.
The Committee, inter alia, reviews and monitors the CSR as
well as Business Responsibility and Sustainability activities.
During the year under review, your Company spent
Rs.
2,10,56,49,392.7
CSR
activities
(including
administrative overheads of Rs. 7,91,71,085.7 incurred
during the FY26 within the permissible limit of 5% of the
total CSR expenditure of the Company for the FY26 and
including Impact Assessment Cost of Rs. 43,22,340.0 within
permissible limit of 2% of the total CSR expenditure of the
company for FY26) and additionally Rs. 9,57,64,446.0 has
been allocated towards Mahindra CSR Hospitals - ongoing
project unspent CSR account.
The amount equal to 2% of the average net profit for
the past three financial years required to be spent on
CSR activities was Rs. 2,19,72,20,915.0. The Board has
considered the Impact Assessment Reports at its Meeting
held on 5th May 2026. The detailed Annual Report on the
CSR activities undertaken by your Company in the FY26
along with the Executive Summary for Impact Assessment
Reports of the applicable projects, is annexed herewith as
Annexure VI.
The complete Impact Assessment Reports of the applicable
projects can be accessed at the Web-link: https://www.
mahindra.com/Annual-Report-FY26
Sustainability
Sustainability remains central to the Company s long-term
vision with continued emphasis on embedding IT into core
business strategy. In FY26, the Company released its 18th
Sustainability Report, externally assured by DNV Business
Assurance India Private Limited and prepared in line with
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. Guided
by the Planet Positive framework, Mahindra businesses
are advancing across three pillars - greening operations,
decarbonising industry, and rejuvenating nature. Under
greening operations, efforts include expanding renewable
energy use, enhancing energy efficiency, strengthening
water stewardship, and embedding circularity to reduce
material use, reduce waste and make use of low emissions,
recycled & recyclable material. In decarbonising industry,
the Company is driving transition to electric vehicles and
The BRSR of your Company along with the Independent
Assurance Statement on the BRSR Core Key Performance
Indicators (KPIs) for the FY26 forms part of this Annual
Report as required under Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI
LODR Regulations.
Your Company firmly believes that sustainable and
inclusive growth is achievable by integrating environmental
stewardship and social responsibility with economic
performance. Your Company is dedicated to setting
ambitious sustainability targets while enhancing economic
performance to ensure both business continuity and
rapid growth. Your Company is committed to leveraging
Alternative Thinking as a strategic approach to build
competitive advantage in achieving high shareholder
returns through customer centricity, innovation, good
governance and inclusive human development while being
sensitive to the environment.
Conservation
Energy,
Technology
Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings
and Outgo
The information pertaining to conservation of energy, technology
absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo as required
under section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is attached
as Annexure VII and forms part of this Report.
N. SECRETARIAL
Share Capital
During the year under review, the Authorised Share Capital
of the Company stood at Rs. 15,459.5 crore divided into
27,86,90,00,000 Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each
and 25,00,000 Unclassified shares of Rs. 100 each and
150,00,00,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 10 each.
The issued, subscribed and paid-up Share Capital of
the Company stood at Rs. 621.77 crore divided into
124,35,28,831 Ordinary (Equity) shares of Rs. 5 each. There
was no change in the issued, subscribed and paid-up Share
Capital of the Company during the year under review.
Compliance with the provisions of Secretarial
Standard 1 and Secretarial Standard 2
The applicable Secretarial Standards, i.e. SS-1 and SS-2, relating
to Meetings of the Board of Directors and General Meetings
respectively, have been duly complied by your Company.
alternate fuels besides offering other green products and
services via IT s many subsidiary companies, engaging deeply
with the supplier ecosystem to reduce overall value chain
environmental impact, and taking measures in line with EPR
(Extended Producer Responsibility) regulations impacting
internal business (end of life vehicle recycling) and value
chain (tyres, glass, etc.). Beyond industry boundaries,
initiatives under rejuvenating nature focus on supporting
farmers on sustainable farming to be more climate resilient,
biodiversity protection, and restoration through business and
CSR programs.
Additionally, the Group is also acting beyond carbon mitigation
by initiating climate adaptation projects focused on key
themes (heat stress and workforce productivity, regenerative
agricultural practices including climate-resilient seeds, drip
irrigation, etc.). All Group Companies have plans aligned with
the Planet Positive framework coordinated by the Group
Sustainability Office and with reviews by the Group CEO and
Managing Director.
The Company continues to lead in ESG reporting and
disclosure with high ESG ratings across global and domestic
ESG ratings including Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI),
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), Morgan Stanley Capital
International (MSCI), etc. Advocacy for climate action remains
a priority with active engagement at national and international
forums alongside industry associations, Governments, and
global climate organisations. Beyond advocacy, the Group
believes in collaboration with external climate ecosystem to
drive change.
To this end, the Company has partnered with various
stakeholders
(corporates,
Government
organizations,
associations, etc.) on thought leadership initiatives addressing
current climate issues. The Group is committed to Science
Based Targets in alignment with the Paris Agreement
and aims to achieve carbon neutrality by 2040 or earlier.
Sustainability performance for FY26 will be detailed in the
forthcoming Group Sustainability Report.
The Company was also recognised for its leadership in
sustainability, during the year under review:

The Company has secured an Industry Leadership position
in the DJSI World Index 2025. The Company has emerged
as the global leader in the Automobile industry with a
performance placing the Company within 1% of the top-
scoring company in this Industry. Similarly, Tech Mahindra
Limited has scored a top 1% place in the IT Sector.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annual Return
Pursuant to section 134(3)(a) and section 92(3) of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12 of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, a copy of
the Annual Return is placed on the Company s website and
can be accessed at the Web-link https://www.mahindra.com/
Annual-Report-FY26
O. POLICIES
The details of the Key Policies adopted by the Company are
mentioned as Annexure VIII and forms part of this Report.
P. PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND
BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016
There is one proceeding initiated / pending against your
Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
which does not materially impact the business of the Company.
The Company is contesting the matter based on merits.
Q. GENERAL
Neither the Managing Director nor the Executive Director
received any remuneration or commission from any of the
subsidiaries of your Company.
Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is
required in respect of the following items as there were no
transactions / events relating to these items during the year
under review:
1.
Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to
dividend, voting or otherwise.
2.
Issue of Shares (including Sweat Equity Shares) to
employees of the Company under any Scheme save
and except Employees Stock Option Schemes (ESOS)
referred to in this Report.
3.
Significant or material orders passed by the Regulators
or Hon ble Courts or Tribunals which impact the going
concern status and the Company s operation in future.
4.
Voting rights which are not directly exercised by the
employees in respect of shares for the subscription/
purchase of which loan was given by the Company (as
there is no scheme pursuant to which such persons
can beneficially hold shares as envisaged under
section 67(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013).
5.
There has been no change in the nature of business of
6.
The Company has not made any one-time settlement for
loans taken from the Banks or Financial Institutions, and
hence the details of difference between amount of the
valuation done at the time of one-time settlement and
the valuation done while taking loan from the Banks or
Financial Institutions along with the reasons thereof is
7.
There was no revision of financial statements and Board s
Report of the Company during the year under review.

ANAND G. MAHINDRA
Chairman
DIN: 00004695
Mumbai, 5th May 2026
ANNEXURE I
Dividend Distribution Policy
The Dividend Distribution Policy ( the policy ) establishes the principles to ascertain amounts that can be distributed to equity
shareholders as dividend by the Company as well as enable the Company strike balance between pay-out and retained earnings, in
order to address future needs of the Company. The policy shall come into force for accounting periods beginning from 1st April 2016.
Dividend would continue to be declared on per share basis on the Ordinary Equity Shares of the Company having face value
Rs. 5 each. The Company currently has no other class of shares. Therefore, dividend declared will be distributed amongst all
shareholders, based on their shareholding on the record date.
Dividends will generally be recommended by the Board once a year, after the announcement of the full year results and before
the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the shareholders, as may be permitted by the Companies Act. The Board may also declare
interim dividends as may be permitted by the Companies Act.
The Company has had a consistent dividend policy that balances the objective of appropriately rewarding shareholders through
dividends and to support the future growth.
As in the past, subject to the provisions of the applicable law, the Company s dividend payout will be determined based on available
financial resources, investment requirements and taking into account optimal shareholder return. Within these parameters, the
Company would endeavor to maintain a total dividend pay-out ratio in the range of 20% to 35% of the annual standalone Profits
after Tax (PAT) of the Company.
While determining the nature and quantum of the dividend payout, including amending the suggested payout range as above, the
Board would take into account the following factors:

Internal Factors

Profitable growth of the Company and specifically, profits earned during the financial year as compared with:

Previous years and

Internal budgets,

Cash flow position of the Company,

iii. Accumulated reserves,

iv. Earnings stability,

v. Future cash requirements for organic growth/expansion and/or for inorganic growth,

vi. Brand acquisitions,

vii. Current and future leverage and, under exceptional circumstances, the amount of contingent liabilities,

viii. Deployment of funds in short term marketable investments,

ix. Long term investments,

x. Capital expenditure(s), and

xi. The ratio of debt to equity (at net debt and gross debt level).

External Factors

Business cycles,

Economic environment,

Cost of external financing,

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Applicable taxes including tax on dividend,

Industry outlook for the future years,

vi. Inflation rate, and

vii. Changes in the Government policies, industry specific rulings & regulatory provisions.
Apart from the above, the Board also considers past dividend history and sense of shareholders expectations while determining
the rate of dividend. The Board may additionally recommend special dividend in special circumstances.
The Board may consider not declaring dividend or may recommend a lower payout for a given financial year, after analyzing the
prospective opportunities and threats or in the event of challenging circumstances such as regulatory and financial environment.
In such event, the Board will provide rationale in the Annual Report.
The retained earnings of the Company may be used in any of the following ways:
Capital expenditure for working capital,
Organic and/or inorganic growth,
Investment in new business(es) and/or additional investment in existing business(es),
Declaration of dividend,
Capitalisation of shares,
vi. Buy back of shares,
vii. General corporate purposes, including contingencies,
viii. Correcting the capital structure,
ix. Any other permitted usage as per the Companies Act, 2013.
Information on dividends paid in the last 10 years is provided in the Annual Report.
This policy may be reviewed periodically by the Board. Any changes or revisions to the policy will be communicated to
shareholders in a timely manner.
The policy will be available on the Company s website and the link to the policy is: https://www.mahindra.com/sites/default/files/
resources/investor-reports/FY17/Governance/MM-Dividend-Distribution-Policy-29-9-2016-Final.pdf
The policy will also be disclosed in the Company s annual report.
ANNEXURE II
Form No. AOC-2
[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred
to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transactions under third
proviso thereto
1.
Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm s length basis -

There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the year ended 31st March 2026, which were
not at arm s length basis.
2.
Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm s length basis -

There were no material contracts or arrangements or transactions for the year ended 31st March 2026 as per the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013. Thus, this disclosure is not applicable.
ANAND G. MAHINDRA
Chairman
DIN: 00004695
Mumbai, 5th May 2026

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
ANNEXURE III
FORM No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
The Members,
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to
good corporate practices by Mahindra & Mahindra Limited
(hereinafter called the Company ). Secretarial Audit was
conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis
for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances
and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers,
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company, to the extent the information
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit,
the explanations and clarifications given to us and the
representations made by the Management and considering
the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
and Securities and Exchange Board of India, we hereby
report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the
audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31,
2026, generally complied with the statutory provisions listed
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board
processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent,
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the minutes, forms and returns filed and
other records made available to us and maintained by the
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026
according to the provisions of:
The Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and the rules made
thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 ( SCRA )
and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and
Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment
and External Commercial Borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
1992 ( SEBI Act )

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011 and amendments from time to
time;

b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015
and amendments from time to time;

c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time to
time; (Not applicable to the Company during the
audit period);

d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021 and amendments from time to
time;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and
Listing of Non Convertible Securities) Regulations,

f)
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer
Agents) Regulations, 1993 and The Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue
and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 2025
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with
client; (Not applicable to the Company during the
audit period);

g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 and
amendments from time to time (Not applicable to
the Company during the audit period);

h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and amendments
from time to time (Not applicable to the Company
during the audit period); and
(vi) Other laws specifically applicable to the Company
namely:

The Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 and the Rules made
thereunder
We have also examined compliance with the applicable
clauses of the following:
Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company
Secretaries of India with respect to Board and General
Meetings.
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company
with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited read with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
During the period under review, the Company has complied
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
standards etc. mentioned above.
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the
composition of the Board of Directors that took place during
the period under review were carried out in compliance with
the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were
sent at least seven days in advance other than those held at
shorter notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining
further information and clarifications on the agenda items
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the
meeting.
As per the minutes, the decisions at the Board and Committee
Meetings were taken unanimously.
We further report that there are systems and processes in
the Company commensurate with the size and operations
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period no events
occurred which had bearing on the Company s affairs in
pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations,
guidelines, standards, etc.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Shalini Bhat

Partner

FCS No: 6484 CP No: 6994

UDIN: F006484H000281528

PR No.: 7327/2025
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 05, 2026
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which
is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure A
The Members,
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.
Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.
We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness
of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected
in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4.
Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations
and happening of events, etc.
5.
The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.
6.
The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Shalini Bhat

Partner

FCS No: 6484 CP No: 6994

UDIN: F006484H000281528

PR No.: 7327/2025
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 05, 2026
ANNEXURE IV
Secretarial Compliance Report of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited for the year ended March 31, 2026
Mumbai- 400001
We, Parikh & Associates have examined:

all the documents and records to the extent made
available to us and explanations and representations
provided by Mahindra and Mahindra Limited ( the
listed entity ),

the filings/ submissions made by the listed entity to
the stock exchanges,

website of the listed entity,

d) any other document / filing, as may be relevant,
which has been relied upon to make this certification,
for the year ended March 31, 2026 ( Review Period ) in
respect of compliance with the provisions of:

the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992
( SEBI Act ) and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines
issued thereunder; and

the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956
( SCRA ), rules made thereunder and the Regulations,
circulars, guidelines issued thereunder by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI );
The specific Regulations, whose provisions and the circulars/
guidelines issued thereunder, have been examined, include:-

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and amendments from time to time;

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2018 and amendments from time to time; (Not
applicable to the Company during the audit period)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations,
2011 and amendments from time to time;

d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and amendments
from time to time; (Not applicable to the company
during the review period)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,

f)
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations,

g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and amendments
from time to time;

h) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories
and Participant) Regulations, 2018 and amendments
from time to time;
and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder;
and based on the above examination, and considering the
relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and
Securities and Exchange Board of India,
We hereby report that, during the Review Period:
The listed entity has generally complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued
thereunder, except in respect of matters specified below:
Compliance
Requirement
(Regulations/ circulars/
guidelines including
specific clause)
Regulation
/ Circular
Deviations
Action
Taken
Type of Action
Details
Violation
Fine
Amount
Observations/
Remarks of
the Practicing
Secretary
Management
Response
Remarks
Advisory/
Clarification/ Fine /
Show Cause Notice/
Warning, etc.
NIL

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:
Observations /
Remarks of the
Practicing Company
Secretary in the
previous reports
Observations made
in the secretarial
compliance report for
the year ended .
(the years are to be
mentioned)
Compliance
Requirement
(Regulations/
circulars/ guidelines
including specific
clause)
Details of violation /
deviations and
actions taken /
penalty imposed, if
any, on the listed
entity
Remedial actions,
if any, taken by the
listed entity
Comment s of the
PCS on the actions
taken by the listed
entity
NOT APPLICABLE
We hereby report that, during the review period the compliance status of the listed entity with the following requirements:
Particulars
Compliance status (Yes/No/NA)
Observations /Remarks by PCS*
1.
Secretarial Standards
The compliances of the listed entity are in accordance with the
applicable Secretarial Standards (SS) issued by the Institute of
Company Secretaries India (ICSI)
Yes
2.
Adoption and timely updation of the Policies:

All applicable policies under SEBI Regulations are adopted
with the approval of board of directors of the listed entities.

All the policies are in conformity with SEBI Regulations and
has been reviewed & timely updated as per the regulations/
circulars/ guidelines issued by SEBI
Yes
3.
Maintenance and disclosures on Website:

The Listed entity is maintaining a functional website

Timely dissemination of the documents/ information under a
separate section on the website

Web-links provided in annual corporate governance reports
under Regulation 27(2) are accurate and specific which re-
directs to the relevant document(s)/ section of the website
Yes
4.
Disqualification of Director
None of the Directors of the Company are disqualified under
Section 164 of Companies Act, 2013
Yes
5.
Details related to Subsidiaries of listed entities:
(a) Identification of material subsidiary companies
(b) Requirements with respect to disclosure of material as well
as other subsidiaries
Yes
6.
Preservation of Documents
The listed entity is preserving and maintaining records as
prescribed SEBI Regulations and disposal of records as per Policy
of Preservation of Documents and Archival policy prescribed
under SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015
Yes
Particulars
Compliance status (Yes/No/NA)
Observations /Remarks by PCS*
7.
Performance Evaluation
The listed entity has conducted performance evaluation of the
Board, Independent Directors and the Committees at the start of
every financial year/ during the financial year as prescribed in SEBI
Regulations
Yes
8.
Related Party Transactions
(a) The listed entity has obtained prior approval of Audit
Committee for all Related party transactions
(b) In case no prior approval obtained, the listed entity shall
provide detailed reasons along with confirmation whether the
transactions were subsequently approved/ ratified/ rejected
by the Audit committee
Yes
NA
The Company has obtained prior
approval of Audit Committee for
all Related party transactions
9.
Disclosure of events or information:
The listed entity has provided all the required disclosure(s) under
Regulation 30 alongwith Schedule III of SEBI LODR Regulations,
2015 within the time limits prescribed thereunder
Yes
10. Prohibition of Insider Trading
The listed entity is in compliance with Regulation 3(5) & 3(6) of
SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015
Yes
11. Actions taken by SEBI or Stock Exchange(s), if any:
No Actions taken against the listed entity/ its promoters/ directors/
subsidiaries either by SEBI or by Stock Exchanges (including
under the Standard Operating Procedures issued by SEBI through
various circulars) under SEBI Regulations and circulars/ guidelines
issued thereunder
Yes
12. Resignation of statutory auditors from the listed entity or its
material subsidiaries
In case of resignation of statutory auditor from the listed entity or
any of its material subsidiaries during the financial year, the listed
entity and / or its material subsidiary(ies) has / have complied
with paragraph 6.1 and 6.2 of section V-D of chapter V of the
Master Circular on compliance with the provisions of the SEBI
LODR Regulations, 2015 by listed entities
NA
There was no resignation of
statutory auditors of the Company
or its material subsidiary
13. No Additional Non-compliances, if any:
No additional non-compliance observed for any of the SEBI
regulations/circular/guidance note etc.
Yes

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Particulars
Compliance status (Yes/No/NA)
Observations /Remarks by PCS*
14. The listed entity to comply with the following requirements
for disclosure of Employee Benefit Scheme Documents in
terms of regulation 46(2)(za) of the LODR:
The scheme document shall be uploaded on the website
of the listed entity after obtaining shareholder approval as
required under SEBI (SBEB) Regulations, 2021.
The documents uploaded on the website shall mandatorily
have minimum information to be disclosed to shareholders
as per SEBI (SBEB) Regulations, 2021.
The rationale for redacting information from the documents
and the justification as to how such redacted information
would affect competitive position or reveal commercial
secrets of the listed entity shall be placed before the board
of directors for consideration and approval.
Yes

*Observations/Remarks by PCS are mandatory if the Compliance status is provided as No or NA
Assumptions & Limitation of scope and Review:
1.
The compliance with applicable laws and the authenticity of documents and information provided is the sole responsibility
of the management of the listed entity.
2.
Our responsibility is limited to certifying compliance based on our examination of relevant documents and information. This
engagement does not constitute an audit nor an expression of opinion.
3.
We have not conducted any verification with respect to the correctness or appropriateness of the financial records or the
Books of Accounts of the listed entity.
4.
This Report is prepared solely for the purpose of compliance in terms of Regulation 24A(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. IT should not be construed as an assurance on the future viability of the
Company or the effectiveness of its management.
5.
IT is the responsibility of the Company s management to maintain records and establish appropriate systems for ensuring
compliance with applicable SEBI Regulations, circulars, and guidelines issued from time to time and to ensure the adequacy
and operational effectiveness of such systems.
6.
The audit was conducted in accordance with the Guidance Note on Annual Secretarial Compliance Report issued by
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), involving such examinations and verifications as deemed necessary
and adequate for the purpose.

For Parikh & Associates

Shalini Bhat

Partner

FCS No: 6484 CP No: 6994

UDIN: F006484H000252169

PR No.: 7327/2025
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 01, 2026
ANNEXURE V
DETAILS OF REMUNERATION
Details pertaining to remuneration as required under section 197(12) read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
The percentage increase in the remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary during the FY26
and ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the FY26
are as under:
Name of Director/KMP
Designation
% increase in
Remuneration
in the FY26
(Excluding
exercised)
% increase in
Remuneration
in the FY26
(Including
exercised)
Ratio of
Remuneration
of each Director
to median
remuneration
(Including
exercised) of
employees for
the FY26
1.
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra1
Chairman
9.96%
49.59
2.
Dr. Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director
29.97%
35.35%
514.05
3.
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director & CEO (Auto & Farm Sector)
25.19%
32.98%
408.37
4.
Mr. T. N. Manoharan1 & 2
Independent Director
-
3.21
5.
Ms. Shikha Sharma1
Independent Director
15.69%
9.47
6.
Ms. Nisaba Godrej1
Independent Director
10.64%
8.35
7.
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan1
Independent Director
13.40%
8.83
8.
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo (Nominee of LIC)1 & 3 & 4
Nominee Director
-
8.10
9.
Ms. Padmasree Warrior1 & 4
Independent Director
-
8.27
10.
Mr. Ranjan Pant1 & 4
Non-Executive Director
-
8.51
11.
Ms. Samina Hamied1 & 5
Independent Director
-
3.93
12.
Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar1 & 5
Independent Director
-
4.25
13.
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua6
President and Group CFO
-
Not Applicable
14.
Mr. Narayan Shankar7
Company Secretary
-
Not Applicable
15.
Ms. Divya Mascarenhas8
Interim Company Secretary
-
Not Applicable
16.
Mr. Sailesh Daga9
Company Secretary
-
Not Applicable
The remuneration of Chairman, Independent Directors, Non-Executive Director and Nominee Director covers sitting fees and commission.
Ceased to be an Independent Director with effect from 30th July 2025 due to his unfortunate and untimely demise. Remuneration was paid for part of the FY26, hence, percentage change in
remuneration is not comparable.
Appointed as a Nominee Director with effect from 17th May 2024. Remuneration was paid for part of the FY25, hence, percentage change in remuneration is not comparable. Commission for the
FY26 shall be payable to LIC of India and sitting fees paid to him is included in the remuneration.
Appointed as a Director with effect from 17th May 2024. Remuneration was paid for part of the FY25, hence, percentage change in remuneration is not comparable.
Appointed as an Independent Director with effect from 7th October 2025. Hence, percentage change in remuneration is not comparable.
Appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer with effect from 17th May 2024. Remuneration was paid for part of the FY25, hence, percentage change in remuneration is not comparable.
Ceased to be the Company Secretary with effect from 2nd April 2025. Remuneration was paid for part of the FY26, hence, percentage change in remuneration is not comparable. Remuneration
includes Retiral payouts.
Appointed as the Interim Company Secretary with effect from 2nd April 2025 upto 15th July 2025. Remuneration was paid for part of the FY26, hence, percentage change in remuneration is not
comparable.
Appointed as the Company Secretary with effect from 16th July 2025. Hence, percentage change in remuneration is not comparable.
Note: All amounts are rounded off.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The ratio of the remuneration of each director to
the median remuneration of the employees of the
company for the Financial Year:

The median remuneration of employees of the Company
during the Financial Year was Rs. 12.46 lakh and ratio
of the remuneration of each Director to the median
remuneration of the employees of the Company for the
Financial Year is provided in the above table.
The percentage increase in the median remuneration
of employees:

In the Financial Year, there was an increase of 8.16% in
the median remuneration of employees.
III. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of
Company

There were 26,765 permanent employees on the rolls of
the Company as on 31st March 2026.
IV. Average percentile increase already made in the
salaries of employees other than the managerial
personnel in the last Financial Year and its comparison
with the percentile increase in the managerial
remuneration and justification thereof and point
out if there are any exceptional circumstances for
increase in the managerial remuneration:

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of
employees other than the managerial personnel in
the FY26 was 13.80% whereas the increase in the
managerial remuneration for the FY26 was 30.66%.

The remuneration of the Managing Director and
Executive Director is decided based on the individual
performance as well as performance of the Company,
inflation, prevailing industry trends and benchmarks.

The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors consists
of commission and sitting fees. While deciding the
remuneration, various factors such as Director s
participation in Board and Committee Meetings during
the year, other responsibilities undertaken, such as
Membership or Chairmanship of Committees, time
spent in carrying out other duties, role and functions as
envisaged in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and such other factors as the
Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee
may deem fit etc. were taken into consideration.
Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the
remuneration policy of the company:

IT is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as
per the Policy for Remuneration of the Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel and other Employees.
ANNEXURE VI
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ( CSR ) ACTIVITIES FOR THE FY26
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company

At Mahindra the core purpose is to Drive positive change in the lives of our communities. Only when we enable
others to rise will we rise . This has propelled the Company s CSR endeavours to play a catalytic role in bringing about
social, economic, and environmental change by investing in projects that empower Girls through education, empower
women through skill training, support women by strengthening maternity and newborn health care and water conservation.
This enabled your Company to achieve a higher social impact on the communities and the planet. The CSR Policy of your
Company outlines this purpose and direction given by the Board, as per the recommendations of its CSR Committee,
and includes guiding principles for selection, implementation and monitoring of CSR activities as well as formulation of
the annual CSR action plan. The CSR projects undertaken are also listed in the CSR Policy. Also, in accordance with the
Companies Act, 2013, your Company s Policy has committed 2% (Profit before Tax) annually towards CSR initiatives.
2. Composition of the CSR Committee
Name of Director
Designation/
Nature of
Directorship
Number of
meetings of CSR
Committee held
Number of
meetings of
CSR Committee
attended during
1.
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Chairman
2.
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Member
3.
Dr. Anish Shah
Member
4.
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Member
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board
are disclosed on the website of the company.

4. Provide the executive summary along with web-Link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out in
pursuance of Sub rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable

Your Company has commissioned BlueSky Sustainable Business LLP Limited to carry out independent 3rd Party Impact
Assessment studies for 11 CSR projects conducted in FY26. The Executive summary of the projects is provided in this
Annexure. The weblink for all the impact assessment reports is given below:

5. (a) Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Rs. 1,09,86,10,45,747.53

(b) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub- section (5) of section 135: Rs. 2,19,72,20,914.95

(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial year: NIL

(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL

(e) Total CSR Obligation for the financial year [(b) +(c) - (d)] : Rs. 2,19,72,20,914.95

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR projects (both ongoing project and other than ongoing project): Rs. 2,02,21,55,967.00
(Other than ongoing)

(b) Amount spent on administrative overheads: Rs. 7,91,71,085.74

(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Rs. 43,22,340

(d) Total Amount spent for the financial year [ (a) +(b) + (c)]: Rs. 2,10,56,49,392.74

(e) CSR Amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount Spent for the
Financial Year (in Rs.)
Amount Unspent (in Rs.)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent
CSR Account as per section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII
as per second proviso to sub section (5) of section 135
Amount
Date of
Transfer
Fund
Amount
Date of
Transfer
2,10,56,49,392.74
9,57,64,446
27th April 2026
N/A
NIL
N/A

(f) Excess amount for set-off, if any:
(1)
Particular
(2)
Amount (in Rs.)
(3)
Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section(5) of section 135
Not Applicable
Total amount spent for the Financial Year
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any
Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]
7. Details of unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial years:
Preceding Financial
Year
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
sub section (6)
of section 135
(in Rs.)
Balance
Amount in
Unspent CSR
Account under
sub section (6)
of section 135
(in Rs)
Amount spent
in the Financial
Year (in Rs.)
Amount transferred to a fund
specified under Schedule VII
as per Second proviso to Sub
section (5) of section 135, if any
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding
financial years.
(In Rs.)
Deficiency, If
any
Amount
(In Rs)
Date of
transfer
Not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
in the Financial Year

Yes

No

If yes, enter the Number of capital Assets created / Acquired - 175

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
in the financial year:
Sl.
Short particulars of the property or
asset(s) [including complete address
and location of the property]
Pin code of the
property or
asset(s)
Date of
creation
Amount of CSR
Spent (in Rs.)
Details of entity/beneficiary of the registered owner
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
CSR Registration
Number, if applicable
Name
Registered address
Details of Capital Assets created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount is uploaded on the
Company s website and can be accessed at the Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/Annual-Report-FY26

(All the fields should be captured as appearing in the revenue record, flat no, house no, Municipal Office / Municipal
Corporation / Gram panchayat are to be specified and also the area of the immovable property as well as boundaries)
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per sub-section
(5) of section 135 - Not applicable
ANISH SHAH
MUTHIAH MURUGAPPAN
Group CEO and Managing Director
Chairman - CSR Committee
DIN: 02719429
DIN: 07858587
Mumbai, 5th May 2026

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Executive Summary of Impact Assessment Reports
Your Company has commissioned BlueSky Sustainable
Business LLP Limited to carry out independent 3rd Party
Impact Assessment studies for 11 CSR projects conducted
in FY26. The Executive summary of the Projects is provided
in this annexure.
1. Project Nanhi Kali

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited in partnership with the K.C.
Mahindra Education Trust and the Naandi Foundation
supported Project Nanhi Kali s After-school programme
and Digital Equalizer for Girls programme in FY24.

After-school programme: The After-school programme
of Project Nanhi Kali provided comprehensive support to
underserved girls studying in Grades 1st to 10th. Through
the Nanhi Kali after-school academic support classes
(ASCs), each girl received access to a digital tablet
pre-loaded with an AI-powered, personalized adaptive
learning software (Mindspark). In addition, every girl was
provided with a school supplies kit, which consisted of a
school bag, stationery, a pullover/raincoat and feminine
hygiene material (for secondary school girls) enabling
them to attend school with dignity. The initiative also
incorporated a professionally designed sports curriculum
to foster holistic development among the students.
On-ground delivery of the program was managed
by Community Associates (CAs) - women from local
communities who were specially trained to administer
the curriculum, ensuring the program was both effective
and culturally sensitive.

In FY24, Mahindra & Mahindra Limited supported 49,440
girls across 6 states in 13 districts.

Engagement with key stakeholders during the impact
assessment process revealed the following outcomes for
the project initiated in FY24:

96.30% Nanhi Kalis reported improvement in
reading and writing in their local language.

93.20%
Nanhi
Kalis
improved
understanding of English.

93.70% Nanhi Kalis expressed ease in understanding
Mathematics.

100% Nanhi Kalis agreed that school kits helped
them attend school with confidence.

94.44% Nanhi Kalis strongly agree that regular
participation in sports makes them feel healthier
and stronger.

99.26% Nanhi Kalis reported that Mindspark made
lessons easier to understand.

98.88% Nanhi Kalis reported regular attendance at
ASCs.

100% CAs reported that the trainings were effective
and prepared them well to deliver instructions.

98.52% Nanhi Kalis strongly agreed that the family
support had increased.

100% CAs observed improved parental attitudes.

Digital Equalizer for Girls- DEFG

The DEFG programme of Project Nanhi Kali aimed to
empower underserved adolescent girls studying in
Grades 9th to 12th by providing them with essential
digital literacy and life skills through a meticulously
designed curriculum that supported both their academic
growth and future employability.

The comprehensive curriculum covered a wide range
of crucial skills, including problem solving and critical
thinking, time management and organization, creativity
and innovation, interpersonal skills, digital proficiency,
gender sensitization, and career awareness. To ensure
effective and engaging learning, the programme was
delivered by highly qualified instructors who employed
diverse teaching methods, such as online videos, interactive
exercises, student-focused classroom discussions, hands-
on activities, and real-world applications. This holistic
approach helped the girl students to practically apply the
knowledge and skills they acquired in meaningful ways.

In FY24, 24,213 adolescent girls were trained across
186 institutions in 24 districts of Delhi, Maharashtra,
Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh by
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.

Beneficiary engagement during the impact assessment
process revealed the following outcomes for the project
initiated in FY24:

Girl students reported increased confidence from
24.41% to 82.67% in using tools such as email,
Word, and basic digital applications for school-
related tasks.

Girl students confidence in speaking and self-
expression increased from 28.35% to 88.19%.

The girl students reported improvements across
key life skills, particularly in teamwork (74.80%),
communication
&
thinking
(57.48%),
problem-solving abilities (55.12%) and creativity
(63.78%).

88.98% girl students reported improvement in time
management; 99.21% reflected strong gains in gender
awareness in education and career opportunities.

As part of the impact assessment, Project Nanhi Kali s
After-school and DEFG programmes have been rated
as Exemplary Projects for its achievements in FY24.
This acknowledgment reflects the Project s robust
implementation processes and the substantial goals
achievement.
2. Mahindra All India Talent Scholarship (MAITS)

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited in partnership with
K. C. Mahindra Education Trust, enables students from
economically disadvantaged backgrounds to pursue
employment-oriented diploma education under the
Mahindra All India Talent Scholarship (MAITS) programme.
Adopting
merit-cum-means
selection
approach,
scholarship
strengthens
academic
continuity,
improves scope of employment, and supports socio-
economic mobility. The programme s implementation
includes a robust mechanism from online applications
and document verification to in-person interviews,
scholarship disbursements, academic monitoring, and
alumni engagement.

In FY24, the programme supported 1,150 students
across 12 centres in India with a balanced gender
distribution. Each candidate receives Rs. 10,000 per
annum over a period of 3 years.

Stakeholder feedback during the impact assessment
highlighted the following outcomes for project initiated
in FY24

70% of scholarship recipients reported increased
confidence in completing their diploma, driven
by reduced financial uncertainty and improved
academic performance.

100% of Scholarship recipients used the scholarship
exclusively for education-related expenses, including
tuition fees, learning materials, and other academic
needs. Also, families expressed pride in students
receiving the scholarship.

55%
Scholarship
recipients
strengthened academic and professional credibility,
positioning the scholarship as a mark of merit for
future career opportunities.

100% of college representatives reported improved
classroom participation and commitment among
scholarship recipients.

50% of Scholarship recipients shared scholarship
information with peers or juniors, contributing to
word-of-mouth awareness.
3. Mahindra Pride Programme

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with K.C.
Mahindra Education Trust & Naandi Foundation to offer
skills training courses to young women across multiple
states of the country in FY24, to make them more
employable. The project comprised two verticals of
intervention namely, Mahindra Pride Classroom and
Mahindra Pride Skill Centre.

The Mahindra Pride Classroom offers shorter duration
employability skills course to final-year college students
with modules in spoken English, life skills, aptitude, interview
preparedness, group discussion, and digital literacy and
is done in collaboration with Government recognised
colleges/ITI/Polytechnic institutions at a pan India level.
The program also facilitates job opportunities through
job placement drives known as Job Utsavs . During FY24,
1,29,227 women were trained under this intervention with
the support of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.

The Mahindra Pride Skill Centre offers intensive skill
training in high demand sectors such as ITES, automotive,
hospitality, and organised retail. Apart from this, the
trainees are also provided training in spoken English
and essential soft skills to equip them with the requisite
skills required in the workplace by expert trainers. During
FY24, 1,014 women were trained under this intervention
with support of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.

Mahindra Pride Classroom

86% of the respondents reported significant
improvement in employability skills (communication
skills, preparing resumes, confidence in attending
interviews, increased awareness of job roles and
employer expectations).

87% of the respondents reported high satisfaction

95% of the respondents (Trainers) rated the training
curriculum quality as very good, enabling them to
deliver sessions effectively.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

93% of the respondents (Trainers) confirmed the
curriculum met industry and job market needs.

100% of the respondents (Trainers) rated the
program 5 out of 5 indicating observed improvements
in students confidence, communication, career
clarity, and interview preparedness.

8 out of 10 principals reported increased student
confidence.

10 out of 10 principals rated the program 5 out
of 5 for complementing academic learning.

9 out of 10 principals reported training delivery
was structured, participatory, and aligned with job
market expectations.

83% of the respondents reported that career
counselling sessions helped them make informed
career decisions.

97% of the respondents reported receiving job
placements after the training program. Employment
observed across multiple sectors including education,
hospitality, IT/ITES, and healthcare.

80% of the respondents reported monthly earnings
ranging from Rs. 10,000 to above Rs. 30,000,
with the majority earning between Rs. 15,000 -
Rs. 20,000 per month.

80% of the respondents reported continued access
to job-related information and guidance through
WhatsApp or phone call support post-training.

100% of employers consulted as part of this impact
assessment study rated candidate quality as very
good , noting strong preparedness, communication
skills, professional behavior, clear understanding of job
requirements, and reduced need for initial orientation.

100% of trainers confirmed that placement
activities such as employer interactions and job
drive supported transition into employment for
candidates.

Mahindra Pride Skill Centre

72% of the respondents reported high satisfaction

70% of the respondents reported that the training
was useful in preparing them for entry-level roles
within their respective domains. This includes
increased confidence for job interviews, and
improvement in performing basic job-related tasks.

100% of the respondents (Trainers) reported
improvement in domain-specific skills of students
and their ability to perform entry-level tasks and
confirmed that the balanced curriculum, combining
theory and practical training, contributed to
improved job readiness among respondents.

100% of the respondents (Trainers) reported that
students demonstrated improved confidence in
attending job interviews.

94% of the respondents reported receiving job
placements after the training program.

66% of the respondents reported monthly earnings
ranging from Rs. 10,000 to above Rs. 30,000,
with the majority earning between Rs. 20,000 -
Rs. 30,000 per month.

100% of employers consulted as part of this impact
assessment study rated candidate quality as
very good , noting that candidates demonstrated
practical domain skills and readiness during job
interviews.

100% of the respondents (Trainers) reported training
prepared students for employer expectations, and
the training content reflects entry-level industry
expectations.

As part of the impact assessment, Mahindra Pride
Programme has been rated as an Exemplary Project
for its achievements in FY24. This acknowledgment
reflects both the Project s robust implementation
processes and the substantial goals achievement.
4. Mission Even (Kaabil)- Skill development in Heath
Sector and EET

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited has partnered with Centum
Foundation to provide skills training courses for women in
various states across the country during FY24, aiming to
enhance their employability and facilitate job placements.
The initiative consisted of two verticals of intervention
namely, Domain Skilling (Healthcare - General Duty
Assistant Role) and Employability Enhancement
Training.

Employability Enhancement Training (EET) is done in
partnership with colleges, ITIs, Polytechnic institutions
(where domain skills were already being taught), and
vocational centres to provide employability skill training
modules covering spoken English, life skills, aptitude,
interview preparation, group discussions, POSH, and
digital literacy. Besides skills training, the EET program
also facilitated job placements. During FY24, 9,824
women were trained under this initiative with the
support of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.

The
Domain
-
Healthcare
program
offered
comprehensive skill training in General Duty Assistant
(GDA) role. In addition, the trainees are also provided
training in spoken English and essential soft skills to
equip them with the requisite skills required in the
workplace by expert trainers. In FY24, 3,500 women
received training through this initiative, supported by
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, and were also facilitated
with placement opportunities.

Employability Enhancement Training - EET

81% of the respondents reported high satisfaction

87% of the respondents reported significant
improvement in employability skills such as decision
making, confidence level, communication, resume
writing, time management, interview skills, job search
awareness and understanding employer expectations.

88%
greater
involvement in education and career decisions.

93% of the respondents reported receiving job
placements after the training program. Employment
observed across multiple sectors including Customer
Relationship, Textiles, Security Services, Sales and
Marketing, etc.

87% of the respondents reported monthly earnings
ranging from Rs. 8,200 to above Rs. 15,000, with
the majority earning between Rs. 9,200 - Rs. 15,000
per month.

85% of employers consulted as part of impact
assessment study expressed a clear willingness to
consider hiring candidates trained under the EET
program, reflecting high employer confidence in the
program s effectiveness.

Domain-Healthcare (GDA)

97% of the respondents reported high satisfaction

97% reported that the training was relevant and
useful in preparing them for entry level healthcare
roles as a GDA (General Duty Assistant).

95% reported improved soft skills (confidence level,
communication skills, interview preparedness and
workplace behaviour).

94% reported increased participation in household
decision making and higher recognition within family
and community.

95% of the respondents reported securing job
placements in the healthcare sector as General
Duty Assistants after the training program.

90% of the respondents reported continuing to
work in the healthcare sector indicating strong
retention following the training program.

95% of the respondents reported stable and
regular income ranging from an average of Rs.
10,000 to Rs. 13,500, with the majority earning
between Rs. 11,000 - Rs. 13,500 per month.

100% of employers consulted as part of impact
assessment study reported that the candidates
hired through the GDA training program meets their
technical and operational standards at workplace,
highlighting that the hired candidates possess the
requisite skills required for the GDA roles.

As part of the impact assessment, Mission Even (Kaabil)-
Skill development in Health Sector and EET has been
rated as an Exemplary Project for its achievements in
FY24. This acknowledgment reflects both the Project s
robust implementation processes and the substantial
goals achievement.
5. Mission Even (Kaabil) - Farm Skilling project

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with Naandi
Foundation to enable women farmers to use regenerative
agriculture practices to improve soil fertility and increase
productivity, ensuring food and nutrition security for
their families, along with enhanced income levels. The
strategy was to train women farmers at regenerative
agriculture (RA) hubs which served as farmer resource
centres for training women farmers in regenerative
agriculture practices and establishment of household-
based Good Food Corners and production of carbon
rich compost. A total of 25,046 women farmers were
trained from Wardha (Maharashtra), Moga and Tarn Taran
(Punjab) and Shravasti (Uttar Pradesh).

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

98% of the respondents reported high satisfaction
with the training quality highlighting strong trainer

71% of the respondents surveyed prior to the
training reported limited or no awareness on the
farming techniques such as composting, bio-inputs,
mulching, and natural pest control.

100% of the respondents reported learning new
farming techniques from the training - composting,
green manuring, use of bio-inputs, nursery and
transplantation techniques, natural pest control,
mulching, plantation, etc.

100% of the respondents reported that they
established Good Food Corners after the training
program.

91% of the respondents reported that village
volunteers provided timely and adequate support
to women farmers after the establishment of Good
Food Corners.

94% of the respondents reported that they
adopted regenerative agricultural practices such
as composting, green manuring, use of bio-inputs,
nursery and transplantation techniques, natural
pest control, mulching, companion planting, etc.

62% of the respondents reported that they reduced
or stopped using chemical fertilizers or pesticides
for growing vegetables.

100% of the respondents reported reduced market
purchases and monthly savings in the range of
Rs. 500 - Rs. 3,000 per month.

The programme enabled a significant behavioural
shift away from chemical-based farming.

As part of the impact assessment, Mission Even
(Kaabil) - Farm Skilling project has been rated as an
Exemplary Project for its achievements in FY24.
This acknowledgment reflects both the project s robust
implementation processes and the substantial goals
achievement.
6. Mission Even (Kaabil) - Skill Development in Apparel
Sector

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with Apparel
Made-ups and Home Furnishing Sector Skill Council to
train women in placement-linked skills training for the
role of Sewing Machine Operator (SMO) in the apparel
sector.

The
program
combines
industry-aligned
training,
certification, and placement, enabling women to secure
livelihoods in organized apparel manufacturing units.
During FY24, 7,500 women were trained under this
intervention in 2 states.

Engagement with key stakeholders during the impact
assessment process has highlighted the following
outcomes for the Project initiated in FY24:

100% of the respondents reported high satisfaction
with training quality - content clarity and trainer
quality.

100% of the respondents reported increased
confidence development in operating industrial
sewing machines independently and working in a
formal factory setup.

100% understood production workflow, quality
standards and were prepared to meet production
targets.

100% of the beneficiaries were assessed and
certified; supported by AMHSSC, aligned with
recognized occupational NSQF 3 - Level standards.

100% of the respondents reported securing job
placement and regular monthly income in apparel
manufacturing units post-training and continuing in
the same job ensuring job retention.

71% of the respondents reported having no prior
employment or personal income before the training.

82% of the respondents reported change in agency,
increased participation in decision making related to
children s education, family health issues, planning
household expenses, income usage (both personal
and household income), planning household savings.

100% of the respondents reported awareness and
access to formal workplace benefits in their jobs -
EPF, ESI, paid leaves, transportation facility, creche
facility, and subsidized meals.

Employers consulted as part of this impact
assessment study reported high satisfaction with
the quality of trained candidates - they were able
to take on assigned roles within a short time frame
without requiring prolonged adjustment in the
factory setting.

As part of the impact assessment, Mission Even - Skill
Development in Apparel Sector (Kaabil) has been
rated as an Exemplary Project for its achievements in
FY24. This acknowledgment reflects both the Project s
robust implementation processes and the substantial
goals achievement.
7. Mission Even (Kaabil) - Digital Platform

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited has partnered with Kaam
and implemented Mission Even Digital Platform (Kaabil)
with the objective of strengthening women s access
to sustainable employment by creating a gender-
intentional digital employment ecosystem that connects
job-ready women with employers. The platform focuses
on addressing systemic barriers such as limited access
to job networks, digital literacy gaps, and the need for
hyper-local employment opportunities through a user-
friendly mobile and web-based interface.

Stakeholder feedback during the impact assessment
highlighted the following outcomes:

77% of the respondents reported that focused
efforts on intuitive design and clear communication
enabled them to quickly grasp the platform s
purpose and understand IT with ease.

70% of the respondents found the streamlined
onboarding processes - covering registration and
profile creation, clear and manageable, supporting
smooth entry into the platform.

82% of the respondents reported that the app was
easy to navigate, reflecting the emphasis on simple,
user-friendly design accessible even to those with
basic digital literacy.

97% of the respondents valued job listings, guidance
and support, and profile creation as the most useful
components, indicating strong engagement driven
by features designed around real job-search needs.

95% of the respondents agreed that the platform s
features and overall approach aligned well with their
employment needs, strongly validating its relevance
through user feedback.

96% of the respondents reported improved access
to women-specific job opportunities, while 100%
of employers found the onboarding and platform
processes effective, contributing to Kaabil receiving
an Exemplary rating under the PMGA framework.

As part of the impact assessment, Mission Even- Digital
Platform has been rated as an Exemplary Project
for its achievements. This acknowledgment reflects both
the Project s robust implementation processes and the
substantial goals achievement.
8. PRERNA-Empowering Women

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with Manav
Vikas
Sansthan
strengthen
women s
socio-
economic participation through improved access to
organised institutions, livelihood opportunities, skill
development, health services, and nutrition support.
During FY24, the project covered Ambala (Haryana)
and S.A.S. Nagar (Punjab). Stakeholder and beneficiary
engagement during the impact assessment process
have highlighted the following outcomes for projects
initiated in FY24:

100% of the respondents reported participation in
Self Help Groups and Joint Liability Groups.

100% of the respondents reported engagement in
income-related activity.

75% of the respondents reported having no prior
income and are now earning.

70% of the respondents reported that they now
contribute to household expenses.

80% of the respondents reported gaining enterprise
skills.

Respondents reported that farm-based activities
generated income potential of Rs. 66,000 -
Rs. 78,000 annually depending on their specific
farm activities.

Respondents reported that tractor driving reduced
labor/service dependence and created approximate
monthly savings potential in the range of Rs. 2,000
to Rs. 3,000 per month.

85% of the respondents reported improved health/
nutrition awareness.

100% of the respondents reported increased
participation in personal health-checkups.

80%
reduced
expenditure on vegetables through kitchen gardens,
indicating direct household-level savings.

75% of the respondents reported improved dietary/
health practices.

Respondents reported that kitchen-garden benefited
them in saving Rs. 300 - Rs. 500 monthly. IT also
provided them with improved access to fresh and
nutritious vegetables despite seasonal limitations.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
9. KRISHI-MITR: - Crop Diversification Project

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with Self-Reliant
Initiatives Through Joint Action (SRIJAN) to promote
crop diversification, sustainable agricultural practices,
improved irrigation systems, and stronger market
linkages, with a specific emphasis on empowering women
farmers from Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe
(ST) communities. During FY24, the project covered 20
villages in Pandhurna District, Madhya Pradesh.

100% of the respondents reported shifting from
monocropping to multi-crop cultivation. Farmers
now cultivate 4-6 crops per season, including
vegetables alongside cotton/maize.

100% of the respondents reported improved land
utilization, and increased income levels in the range
of Rs. 30,000 - Rs. 40,000 per acre per year.

100% of the respondents reported improved
understanding
organic
farming,
bio
input
preparation, and crop management practices.

Across all Focus Group Discussions ( FGDs ), farmers
reported active use of bio-inputs (Jeevamrit, Neem-
based solutions, five-leaf decoction, panch patti kadha
etc.) and replacement/reduction of chemical fertilizers
lowering input costs in the range of Rs. 2,000 -
Rs. 5,000 per acre per season, improved long-term
soil sustainability and self-reliance in farming.

100% of the respondents reported softer soil
texture, better moisture retention and improved
crop growth and shift from traditional irrigation to
sprinkler/drip systems improved water efficiency,
time savings and coverage of fields.

During FGDs, farmers reported that they are now
actively involved in crop selection, input decisions
and farm management.

100% of the respondents reported joint decision-
making with their spouses. This has led to increased
confidence and recognition in farming decisions.
10. GREEN GUARDIAN (MRV) - Water Management
Project

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with Dhan
Vayalagam (Tank) Foundation to restore and strengthen
traditional irrigation tank systems in Tiruvannamalai
district (Tamil Nadu), to improve water storage,
groundwater recharge, and irrigation reliability in FY24.
This Project had four components:

Tank Restoration and Rehabilitation: Desilting
and deepened irrigation tanks, strengthened bunds,
repaired sluices, and cleared feeder channels to
enhance water capacity and flow while removing
encroachments.

Water Storage and Irrigation Enhancement
Created additional water storage capacity, improved
irrigation potential, boosted agricultural lands,
groundwater
recharge,
ensured
seasonal water availability, and improved distribution
across command areas.

Community
Mobilization
Institutional
Strengthening
Formed
community-based
institutions
(Vayalagams)
encourage community participation in planning,
implementing, and promoting water management,
while fostering long-term maintenance through
capacity building.

Environmental
Interventions
Promoted
environmental conservation through plantation
activities,
community
school
awareness
programs, and sustainable practices.

Improved water availability and system functionality

100% of the respondents reported that water now
lasts significantly longer after monsoon, extending
availability by 2-3 additional months.

75% of the respondents reported improved
groundwater recharge and well water availability
(increased water table and extended usability of
borewells).

75% of the respondents reported reduced water
shortage frequency in the last 1-2 years.

Improved Agricultural Productivity and Farmer
Income

100% of the respondent farmer groups reported a
shift from single cropping to double cropping due to
improved water availability. Farmers reported income
gains of approximately Rs. 15,000 - Rs. 22,000 per
acre annually, driven by a shift to double cropping
and improved water availability.

75% of the respondents reported an increase in
cultivated land area (previously fallow land brought
under cultivation).

100% of the respondents indicated increase in crop
yield and farm income (linked to improved irrigation
reliability due to consistent water availability).
Rs. 6,000 - Rs. 8,000 increase per acre per crop
cycle.

Improved Household Water Access

75% of the respondents reported improved access
to water for household use including drinking water
due to improvement in groundwater availability.

100% of the respondents reported improved water
availability due to rejuvenation of village ponds and
tank restoration thereby reducing dependency on
distant water sources.

Environmental and Ecological Improvements

100% of the respondents reported improved
structural condition of tanks and bunds.

75%
visible
improvement in biodiversity and local environmental
11. Green Guardian - Water Management Project (WDF)

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited partnered with BAIF
Institute for Sustainable Livelihoods and Development
to strengthen water security through various recharge
structures, farm ponds, gabion structures, and drip
irrigation support to farmers. During FY24, the Project
covered 13 villages in Nashik District, Maharashtra.

85% of the respondents reported improved surface
water availability, with water structures retaining
water longer into the dry seasons.

75% of the respondents reported improved
functionality and groundwater recharge. Field
observations indicate fewer wells running dry during
summer months, reflecting improved recharge.

85% of the respondents reported water availability
for irrigation increased, reducing water stress and
improving water availability across most of the
agricultural cycle.

Majority of women reported reduced time and
effort in water collection, indicating improved
household access.

75% of the respondents observed an increase in
irrigated land at the farm level. Approximately 2,000
hectares shifted from rainfed to assured irrigation
post-intervention benefiting small and marginal
farmers leading to enhanced equity.

65% of the respondents reported diversification
into higher-value crops post-intervention. A shift
observed from traditional crops to vegetables and
market-linked crops such as onion, potato, chilly,
tomato, and cauliflower.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
SECTION 134(3)(m) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ
WITH RULE 8(3) OF THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES,
2014. IS FORMING PART OF THE BOARD S REPORT FOR
FY26
(A) Conservation of Energy

Your Company is strongly committed to sustainable
practices,
particular
focus
environmental stewardship. Energy efficiency is a
central priority in safeguarding natural resources, while
also contributing to lower carbon emissions across all
activities and strengthening financial performance in line
with its Mission Sustainability .

As the first Indian organization to sign the EP100
(Energy Productivity 100%) initiative, using 2009 as
the baseline year and originally targeting achievement
by 2030 under the Climate Group s leadership, your
Company exceeded this goal well ahead of schedule. In
addition, the Company has set an ambitious objective
to achieve carbon neutrality by 2040. IT has also
adopted Science Based Targets (SBTs) to decarbonize
its growth trajectory and support global efforts to limit
temperature rise to well below 2 C, in accordance with
the Paris Agreement of 2015.

To support these commitments, your Company has
established a detailed roadmap focused on improving
energy efficiency and increasing the use of renewable
energy. Significant investments continue to be made
in energy optimization initiatives, guided by an internal
carbon pricing mechanism of USD 10 per tonne of
carbon emissions.

The following initiatives have been implemented for
energy conservation:

Programs aimed at enhancing Energy Efficiency
across all the Operations.

A focus on boosting the share of low carbon energy
sources.

Adoption
Renewable
energy
manufacturing processes.

Implementing Digital solutions for online Energy
Management Systems across Operations.

Enhancing energy productivity through Process
Optimization and Operational Excellence.
ANNEXURE VII
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE
EARNINGS AND OUTGO

Promoting Green Initiatives through Internal Carbon
Pricing based Investment Decisions.

Raising awareness and promoting sustainability
Employee Engagement and Behavioural Change.

Focus on Transport and Logistics Optimization.

Strengthening
Monitoring,
Reporting
Continuous Improvement activities.

The steps taken or impact on conservation of
energy

Replacing traditional air circulators with BLDC
technology air circulators.

Opting for Smart LED lighting system which can
produce the same lux level at lowest energy.

Use of energy-efficient HVAC systems, chillers, and
heat pumps.

Installation of variable frequency drives (VFDs) on
motors, pumps, and fans.

Optimization of compressed air systems to reduce
leaks and energy losses.

Improving oven insulation, reflective roofing, and
energy-efficient glazing.

Heat recovery from waste heat streams.

Utilization of onsite and offsite solar and hybrid RE
sources.

Your
values
employee
driving positive change toward sustainability and has
implemented several initiatives, including:

Celebrating National Energy Conservation Week at
all facilities with multiple engagement programmes.

Sustainability Month celebration at all Plants.

Annual Sustainability Summit for employees with
cross sectoral collaboration and knowledge sharing.

Conducting capability-building programs on Energy
and Sustainability for employees and supplier
partners.

Hosting competitions for sustainability champions
on best initiatives and horizontal deployment.

Engaging with employees family members to
promote sustainability awareness.

Enhancing
learning
digital
platforms,
including e-learning and webinars.

Creating awareness through email communications,
wallpapers, etc.

The steps taken by the Company for utilising
alternate sources of energy

Your Company sourced renewable power from 86
MWp of solar power and 6.3 MW capex wind power.
Further, from January 2025, 37.25 MW of 3rd party
Wind Power was added through open access
accounting for 35% of total power consumption,
resulting in a mitigation of 1,12,304 tons of CO2
emissions.

The target for increasing the share of renewable
energy to around 50% was set for the FY27. In tune
to that target, the Company has signed long term
RE Captive/ Group Captive agreements with RE
generator for Punjab, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu
which will take the Company to more than 50%
Renewable Energy by FY27.

iii. The capital investment on energy conservation

During the year, your Company invested Rs. 23.83 crore
in various energy conservation projects. These
investments included energy-efficient motors, EC
blowers, BLDC air circulators, Heat recovery systems,
Compressed air optimization systems, Energy Efficient
systems with variable frequency drives (VFDs), and
additional energy conservation initiatives.
(B) Technology Absorption

(i) The efforts made towards technology absorption:

Your Company is committed towards technology
driven innovation and inculcating an innovation
driven culture within the organisation.

During the year under review, your Company continued
to work on advanced technologies, upgradation of
existing technology and capability development in
the critical areas for current and future growth.

The Automotive Sector is committed to expand
its vision on multiple emerging technologies,
including electric vehicles, battery technologies,
active safety systems, advanced electronics,
defined
technologies
light-weighting, enhanced vehicle dynamics and
connected vehicles. In Farm Equipment Sector,
technology areas such as best-in-class mileage,
emission reduction technologies, reduced noise
and vibration, high precision hydraulics, combine
harvesters, transmission efficiency improvement
and electric tractor were given special emphasis.
This would help in making the Company s products
retain their competitive edge in the market in the
coming years.

Your Company continues to invest in technology
development as well as protection through
patents.
For
review,
your
Company filed a total of 269 patent applications.
Cumulatively, your Company has filed 2,728
patent applications so far. The Company s total
granted patent portfolio stands at 1,334 across
multiple geographies and has significantly grown
over the last few years.
Upto
F18
F22
F25
F26
F24
F23
F21
F20
F19
1281 1334
Number of Granted Patents - Cumulave
Fiscal Years
No. of Granted Patents

Technical Capability Building

Your Company has been continuously investing in
reskilling its engineers in emerging technology areas of
electric, connected, software defined vehicle technologies,
smart agricultural vehicles, precision farming, etc. The
product design engineers are also trained in technologies
like Data Science, AI, IoT, Mechatronics, Design Thinking,
etc., and are encouraged to leverage the power of these
technologies in new product development.

(ii) The benefits derived like product improvement,
cost reduction, product development or import
substitution:

The efforts taken by your Company towards
technology development and absorption help deliver
competitive advantage and market leadership
through the launch of customer centric products
and variants, introduction of new features and
improvement of product performance.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Some examples of results delivered in the FY26 are:

Automotive Sector

Launched the XEV 9e Cineluxe Edition, a more
indulgent interpretation of its flagship Electric
Origin SUV. Every surface, texture and detail has
been curated to elevate the in-cabin experience,
turning the space into something closer to a
private lounge and IT is powered by a 79kWh
battery delivering over 500 km of real-world range
ensuring indulgence never comes with compromise.

Launched the Thar ROXX STAR EDN, an
enhanced edition featuring exclusive design
elements such as all black leatherette seats
with suede accents, a piano black grille and
alloy wheels, and a new Citrine Yellow colour
option. IT retains Thar ROXX s proven petrol and
diesel engine options along with a rich feature
list
including
ventilated
seats,
panoramic
sunroof, HD infotainment, connected car tech,
and advanced safety systems.

Launched the XUV 3XO EV, offering a 39.4 kWh
battery with up to 285 km real world range
and strong performance of 110 kW and 310
Nm. IT is equipped with Level 2 ADAS, Adrenox
connected car tech, Dolby Atmos audio, and
a 360 surround view system for a premium,
tech rich experience. Designed for everyday urban
mobility, the EV builds on the success of the XUV
3XO lineup with spacious comfort features.

Launched the new XUV 7XO, elevating the
benchmarks set by the XUV700 with advanced
technology and a premium experience. IT
democratizes high end features with triple
HD screens, Adrenox intelligence, wireless
connectivity, Alexa with ChatGPT, and 75
standard safety features. With expressive
design, DaVinci suspension, luxurious interiors,
and powerful mStallion/mHawk engines, the
XUV 7XO delivers a smoother, smarter and
more sophisticated SUV experience.

Launched the World s First Formula E Themed
Special Edition BE6 with all-new Signature
front bumper with circular projector headlamps,
gloss black bezel finish, and orange accents.

Launched the XEV 9S, an INGLO based,
MAIA powered, authentic electric 7 seater SUV
offering a quiet, smooth ride and best in segment
space, including a new 70 kWh battery with
180 kW power and 380 Nm torque. IT features
large cabin volumes, LFP battery with lifetime
warranty, ADAS L2+, premium second row
comfort, and segment leading performance,
redefining spacious electric mobility in India.

Launched new Bolero top-end variants Bolero
B8 and Bolero Neo N11 to uphold its iconic
appeal
refined
aesthetics,
enhanced
comfort, and modern features. The New Bolero
blends bold design, modern features, and
enhanced comfort while staying true to its
authentic toughness. With a new bold grille, fog
lamps, and diamond-cut alloy wheels, the Bolero
stands as India s tough and reliable SUV. The
new Bolero offers a new 17.8 cm touchscreen
infotainment
music
system,
steering
mounted controls, and leatherette upholstery
with enhanced seat comfort. The advanced ride
and handling tech RideFlo delivers enhanced
stability and control, with improved suspension
architecture, engineered for any terrain.

Launched Mahindra UDO three wheeled vehicle
featuring
airplane inspired
aerodynamic
monocoque design with bold styling elements
for superior road presence. IT offers exceptional
comfort through a pilot style driver seat and
first class passenger seating with generous space.
Delivering a 200 km real world range and smart
drive modes, IT is the most energy efficient vehicle
in its segment. Industry first reverse throttle
and creep mode enhance control, supported by
powerful drum brakes for superior safety.

Farm Equipment Sector

Launched the H1 Refresh platform in the
domestic market, re imagined as a future ready,
innovation driven mechanization ecosystem to
address evolving agricultural needs. The strategy
emphasizes enhanced productivity and broader
application suitability through features such as
precision hydraulics, 4WD, shuttle transmission,
SLIPTO, side shift options, higher lift capacity,
loader/dozer
compatibility
positioning
H1 Refresh as a versatile, multi tasking
solution. Strengthened platform architecture,
redesigned front end dynamics, and improved
quality standards ensure long term robustness.
Adaptation for soft soil applications expands
geographic relevance, while seamless future
emission
readiness
ensures
compliance and sustained performance. The
contemporary tractor design enhances modern
appeal, reflecting a tough, technology driven
character
aligned
next generation
agricultural innovation.

Launched Yuvo Tech+ powered by the mBULL
4 cylinder high cubic capacity engine, marking
a significant leap in Mahindra s tractor portfolio
targeting
progressive,
next generation
farmers.
Designed
multi agriculture
applications across the crop cycle, the tractor
blends modern styling, advanced features,
and high performance. The mBULL engine
delivers 225 Nm of torque, enabling superior
productivity
effortless
handling
heavy duty operations. Integrated telematics
support connected, data driven farming, while
a fully mechanized offering at the right cost
makes advanced technology accessible to
ambitious farmers.

Launched the OJA Narrow Track Series
with Shuttle, addressing the growing demand
for efficient interculture operations in row
crops such as sugarcane and cotton, where
minimal headland space necessitates frequent
directional changes. The Shuttle feature delivers
enhanced operator convenience through quick
and smooth direction changes, improved driving
comfort by reducing operator fatigue during
repetitive operations and higher productivity via
faster cycle times in confined spaces.

Introduced the Tricolour inspired Limited
Edition Yuvo Tech+ 585 DI tractors on
Republic Day, available in Metallic Orange,
Everest White, and Metallic Green, celebrating
patriotism alongside high performance. The
edition includes exclusive accessories such
as a rope, jerrican, and Mahindra flag and is
engineered for demanding farm operations with
a 33.9 kW PTO output, 215 Nm torque, and
2,000 kg lift capacity.

Launched the Arjun 555 Torque Enhancement
tractor, a strategic initiative to strengthen
leadership in the 46-50 HP segment. By
increasing engine capacity from 3.0 L to
3.2 L, maximum torque has been enhanced
from 193 Nm to 205 Nm, translating into
higher productivity, improved fuel efficiency,
and a wider performance band for demanding

Launched new Mahindra Rotavator series
featuring a bold new look and characterized by a
wider mast design, the new Mahindra Rotavator
series ensures heavy duty performance and a
robust overall appearance. The new rotavator
series will be available under the Heavy Duty
rotavator category Mahavator & Mahavator HD
spanning 4 to 9 feet.

Gromax Agri Equipment launched 8 new
tractors across HP categories in both 2WD and
4WD segments including India s first sub 50
HP factory fitted cabin tractor, designed for
comfort and all weather use. Powered by
fuel efficient diesel engines and advanced
gearbox technology, the tractors offer strong
performance, ease of operation, and year round
productivity. The launch includes the Trakstar
Kavach series with AC/non AC cabins, plus
specialized models across 25-50 HP categories
for niche farming applications.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

(iii) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the
financial year):
Details of Technology Imported
Year of
Import
Status of Technology
Absorption
1.
Electronic 4WD Tractor @
2.
Aluminum cylinder head for Tractor Engines
Technology Absorbed
3.
EGR cooler module for Tractor Engines
Technology Absorbed
4.
Passive Diesel Particulate Filter for off-road engines
Technology Absorbed
5.
Active Diesel Particulate Filter for off-road engines
Technology Absorbed
6.
Tractor Engines for Stage V emission norms
Technology Absorbed
7.
Remote Selective Catalytic Reduction for off-road engines
Technology Absorbed
8.
TREM-V for Domestic Tractors @
9.
BS-V (CEV) for Domestic construction equipment vehicles @
10.
Light weight Piston & Connecting rod for Off-road engines @
11.
Low friction off-road engines @
12.
Level 2 Tractor Automation for driver assistant - straight line and headland turn @
13.
ASIC rated BMS application in HV battery packs
Technology Absorbed
14.
Cell to Pack battery pack technology
Technology Absorbed
15.
Cell supervisor circuit in HV battery
Technology Absorbed
16.
Rack-assist steering with Variable Gear Ratio (VGR) technology
Technology Absorbed
17.
i-Link front suspension technology
Technology Absorbed
18.
5-link rear suspension technology
Technology Absorbed
19.
Mars Roof technology
Technology Absorbed
20.
Fixed glass roof technology
Technology Absorbed
21.
Ambient Lighting
Technology Absorbed
22.
Next generation cockpit with edge to edge display
Technology Absorbed
23.
Semi-active suspension
Technology Absorbed
24.
Integrated Electronic Brake system
Technology Absorbed
25.
Torque Vectoring
Technology Absorbed
26.
Split type HVAC system
Technology Absorbed
27.
Heat-pump technology @
28.
Tri-zone cooling technology @
29.
PM sensor with cabin air quality Index display
Technology Absorbed
30.
Driver-Only HVAC cooling mode
Technology Absorbed
31.
Auto Defog
Technology Absorbed
32.
High-energy low-friction check-arm
Technology Absorbed
33.
Pillar mounted outer door handle
Technology Absorbed
34.
Aluminum Energy Absorbers in BIW
Technology Absorbed
35.
Plastic Energy Absorbers for light weighting @
36.
Semi-hidden waist seal
Technology Absorbed
37.
Hybrid doors and glass run seal
Technology Absorbed
38.
Smart wiper
Technology Absorbed
39.
AR-HUD windshield with wedge PVB and press bending
Technology Absorbed
40.
Laminated acoustic side glass
Technology Absorbed
41.
Acoustic tail glass @
42.
Strap-type Inner Door Handle
Technology Absorbed
43.
Illuminated logo
Technology Absorbed
Details of Technology Imported
Year of
Import
Status of Technology
Absorption
44.
Power operated lift-gate with hands-free access
Technology Absorbed
45.
Compact and foldable sun visor
Technology Absorbed
46.
Smart Haptic Seats (Massager & additional features) @
47.
Lounge Seats for Staycation @
48.
Hybrid Cross Car Beam (Mg Steel) for light weighting @
49.
CAP sense switches
Technology Absorbed
50.
Asymmetric tires with high cornering stiffness
Technology Absorbed
51.
Low rolling resistance tires
Technology Absorbed
52.
Low friction wheel bearing
Technology Absorbed
53.
Tires with foam for low noise
Technology Absorbed
54.
Styled steel wheel rim
Technology Absorbed
55.
Alloy wheel with flow forming
Technology Absorbed
56.
Hydro-bush for NVH and ride improvement
Technology Absorbed
57.
Open Bleed Technology
Technology Absorbed
58.
Hydraulic Compression Stopper
Technology Absorbed
59.
Pillar to Pillar 3-Screen Display & HMI
Technology Absorbed
60.
OTA Updates - Software Defined Vehicle
Technology Absorbed
61.
OTT Entertainment Apps - Software Defined Vehicle
Technology Absorbed
62.
DOMS - Software Defined Vehicle
Technology Absorbed
63.
Animation and Start up Sequencing
Technology Absorbed
64.
Ice Cube Theme in Head lamp
Technology Absorbed
65.
Electric Steering system for Tractor
Technology Absorbed
66.
Electric 3 Point Linkage for Tractor @
67.
Thermal system for Electric Tractor @
68.
Electric Power Train for Electric Tractor @
69.
Connected application for Tractor @
70.
Remote Authentication for Tractor
Technology Absorbed
71.
Remote Diagnostics for Tractor @
72.
Comprehensive Performance Tracking for Tractor @
73.
Remote Operations - Cabin Heating & Cooling for Tractor @
74.
Welcome Carpet Lighting
Technology Absorbed
75.
Anti Whiplash Headrest
Technology Absorbed
76.
Anti Submarining integrated in Seats
Technology Absorbed
77.
Multi Step Regenerative Braking
Technology Absorbed
78.
Single Pedal Drive
Technology Absorbed
79.
Printed GPS Antenna (on Glass)
Technology Absorbed
80.
Connected LED Tail-Lamps
Technology Absorbed
81.
Dual Layered Alloy Wheels
Technology Absorbed
82.
LFP Blade cell for High voltage Battery application
Technology Absorbed
83.
Aluminium Battery frame with Colt metal transfer welding technology
Technology Absorbed
84.
Battery pack with Lean Module technology
Technology Absorbed
85.
Battery disconnect unit with Smart fuse (Active + Passive Function)
Technology Absorbed
86.
Aluminium Stamping covers for Battery Application
Technology Absorbed
87.
Motor with U-PIN wire technology @
88.
Aluminium Cooling plate with Brazing technology
Technology Absorbed

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Details of Technology Imported
Year of
Import
Status of Technology
Absorption
89.
LFP Prismatic Cell for high voltage application
Technology Absorbed
90.
Battery with Top mounted cooling plate @
91.
Battery in the Cloud AI based battery analytics @
92.
Ball Bearing turbocharger @
93.
Magnisum alloy for automotive application in power train components @
94.
Water cooled intercooled intercooler @
95.
LP EGR in gasoline engine @
96.
Flex Fuel technology upto E85 fuel @
97.
Plastic oil sump @
98.
Motorised Air vent on IP @
99.
Crystaline deco applique 2k molding @
100.
First class experience Second Row console @
101.
Self-healing PUR for Piano black painted parts @
102.
Pillar trim wrapped @
103.
Backlighting on door trim (surface lighting) @
104.
Motorised door and tailgate Sunshade @
105.
Butter fly Arm rest for Row Console With Dual Operating @
106.
Second Row Console Tray @
107.
Second Row refrigerator @
108.
Pop out Speaker @
109.
CrystalKnob @
110.
Vertical Push Cup Holder @
111.
Floating Illuminated Logo @
112.
Motorised Glovebox With E-latch @
113.
Fabric Wrapped Speaker Grill @
114.
Second Row Popout Airvent @
115.
Rotating USB in Console @
116.
Ambient Lighting In Luggage Partition @
117.
Door Trim Map Pocket to be Made Sustainable Material @
118.
PU wrapped Skin IP and Door Console @
119.
Hot stamping Lower Bumper Grill
Technology Absorbed
120.
IMGL-Midroll Soft Wrapped @
121.
Tuffted Carpet @
122.
Seat massager @
123.
Ventilated Seat for 2R
Technology Absorbed
124.
Zero-G seat @
125.
2R seat cushion extension @
126.
1R seat cushion tilt @
127.
1R seat cushion extension @
128.
Seat armrest with user interface @
129.
Deployable armrest cup holder @
130.
Power co-driver seat
Technology Absorbed
131.
Speaker integrated head restraint @
132.
Far Side airbag @
133.
Aluminium LCA
Technology Absorbed
Details of Technology Imported
Year of
Import
Status of Technology
Absorption
134.
Aluminium Sub-Frame @
135.
Rear Twist Beam for high GVW Vehicle @
136.
Swash plate type variable displacement compressor @
137.
Plasma Cluster Ionizer @
138.
Activated carbon filter with anti microbial coating @
139.
Henn metal connector for Intercooler hose @
140.
Active air dam & speed lips @
141.
Active bolster-Thar @
142.
Non ECU massager @
143.
Power fold & tumble-40P @
144.
Trim PU leatherette @
145.
Seat rearward flip (Flat floor) @
146.
Power cushion tilt @
147.
Co-driver Calf support - Power @
148.
Power 4W Headrest + Speaker @
149.
Soft back panel & side valance cover @
150.
Rear Power striker @
151.
Headrest with comfort wings @
152.
Rear 40:20:40 Seat @
153.
Soft Shell Cup Holder - Armrest, ISOFIX @
154.
Climate control seat (Peltier effect) @
155.
Rear Seat Y slider @
156.
Dual density foam - INSERT/ BOLSTER @
157.
Hydophilic ORVM @
158.
E Latch & Cinch Latch @
159.
Canva Sunroof @
160.
Vacuum less booster
Technology Absorbed
161.
Rear Wheel steering @
162.
Electronic Tilt and Telescopic Steering @
163.
Puncture Kit @
164.
Space Master Tyre @
165.
Zero Drag Caliper
Technology Absorbed
166.
Extended Mobility Tyre @
167.
Integrated Drive axle @
168.
Reduntance Brake Boost assist @
169.
Concept wheel rim @
170.
Wheel damage detection system @
171.
Coloured Rear Quarte window glass @
172.
DMSC (Dual Mode Smart Charger) / EVSE - V2L @
173.
Dual Fuel for Tractors
Technology Absorbed
174.
Auto Differential lock for Tractors @
175.
Mono Fuel (CNG) Tractors @
176.
Hydraulic Assisted Clutch for Tractors @
177.
PEPS system for Tractors @
178.
Mechanical Splitter for Tractors @

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Details of Technology Imported
Year of
Import
Status of Technology
Absorption
179.
Parking Gear for Tractors @
180.
Reversible Fan for Tractors @
181.
Window regulator for frameless door @
182.
Flush side turn indicator @
183.
V type nozzle for windsheild wash @
184.
Rear wiper with integrated nozzle @
185.
Hot form door ring @
186.
Aluminum Bumper beam @
187.
Advanced Composite structural inserts @
188.
Tailor welded blanks for frame @
189.
Liquid cooling for SHEV @
190.
Material substitution from aluminum to plastic in compressor mounting bracket @
191.
Seat headrest with flip mechanism @
192.
Seat Headrest Power @
193.
Seat Back Pull and Cushion push ventilation @
194.
Seat Ambient light on feature @
195.
Foam in place headrest @
196.
Heater Mat addition on the Seat @
197.
Occupant Classification sensor in seat @
198.
Smart sun visors @
199.
Foldable Parcel Tray @

@
Areas where Technology not fully absorbed, reasons thereof:

All imported technologies In the process of Absorption would be absorbed as per the respective Technology
Absorption Schedule.

(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development:

The Company spent Rs. 5,691.40 crore (including Rs. 4,687.45 crore on Capital Expenditure) for Research & Development
work during the year, which was approximately 4% of the total turnover.
(C) Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

Foreign Exchange earnings and outgo during the year under review are as follows:
Total Foreign Exchange Earned and Outgo
For the Financial Year
ended 31st March 2026
For the Financial Year
ended 31st March 2025
Foreign Currency Earnings
5,641.94
4,863.77
Foreign Exchange Outgo (including remittance of Dividend)
7,284.44
6,598.67
ANAND G. MAHINDRA
Chairman
DIN: 00004695
Mumbai, 5th May 2026
ANNEXURE VIII
POLICIES
Your Company is committed to adhere to the highest possible standards of ethical, moral and legal business conduct. Considering
this, your Company has formulated certain policies, inter alia, in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act,
2013 ( the Act ), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ), SEBI
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI PIT Regulations ) and SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat
Equity) Regulations, 2021. The policies as mentioned below are available on the Company s website and can be accessed in the
Governance section at the Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/policies-and-documents These policies are reviewed periodically
and are updated as and when needed. During the year, the Company has revised and adopted some of its Policies in order to
align the same with recent changes in Corporate and Securities Laws.
A brief description about the Key Policies adopted by the Company is as under:
Name of the Policy
Brief description
1.
Whistle-blower Policy
The Vigil Mechanism as envisaged in the Act and
SEBI LODR Regulations is implemented through
the Whistle-blower Policy to provide for adequate
safeguards against victimization of persons who
use such mechanism and make provision for direct
access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.
2.
Code of Conduct
The Board of your Company has laid down two
separate Codes of Conduct, one for all the Board
Members and the other for Employees of the
Company. This Code is the central policy document,
outlining the requirements that the employees
working for and with the Company must comply
with, regardless of their location.
There has been no change to the Code.
3.
Dividend Distribution Policy
The Dividend Distribution Policy as per Regulation
43A of the SEBI LODR Regulations is attached as
Annexure I to the Board s Report and forms part of
this Annual Report.
4.
Code
Practices
Procedures for Fair Disclosure
of Unpublished Price Sensitive
Information
This Code has been formulated to ensure prompt,
timely and adequate disclosure of Unpublished
Price Sensitive Information ( UPSI ) which, inter alia,
includes policy for Determination of Legitimate
Purposes .
The Code has been amended to, inter alia, include
and align with the provisions and amendment
made to the SEBI PIT Regulations which has
expanded the scope of UPSI and introduced
flexibilities regarding information emanating
from outside the Company.
5.
Policy for determination of
Materiality for disclosure of
Event or Information
This policy requires the Company to make disclosures
of events or information which are material to the
Company as per the requirements of Regulation 30
of the SEBI LODR Regulations.
The Policy and Indicative Guidelines have been
amended to, inter alia, include and align with
the provisions and amendments made to the
Industry Standards pertaining to Materiality
and Disclosure Framework, Disclosure Timelines,
Litigation,
Fraud
Regulatory
Matters,
Investor
Communication
Market Disclosures and Indemnities, Guarantees,
Penalties, etc.
6.
Policy for determining Material
Subsidiaries
The policy is used to identify material subsidiaries
of the Company and to provide a governance
framework for such material subsidiaries.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Name of the Policy
Brief description
7.
Policy on Materiality of and
Dealing with Related Party
Transactions
The policy has been framed in order to regulate all
Related Party Transactions of the Company.
The Policy has been amended thrice to, inter alia,
align IT with the amendments to the SEBI
LODR Regulations incorporating provisions to
enhance transparency and investor confidence.
Threshold based relaxations in information
disclosure have been introduced, along with
an enhancement of the material related party
transaction threshold.
8.
Policy
Appointment
Directors
Senior
Management
succession
planning for orderly succession
to the Board and the Senior
Management
This policy includes the criteria for determining
qualifications, positive attributes and independence of
a Director, identification of persons who are qualified
to become Directors and who may be appointed in
the Senior Management Team in accordance with
the criteria laid down in the said Policy, succession
planning for Directors and Senior Management, and
policy statement for Talent Management framework
9.
Policy
remuneration
the Directors, Key Managerial
Personnel and other employees
This policy sets out the approach of the Company
towards the Compensation of Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel and other employees in the
10.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy
The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy is
aimed, inter alia, at promoting a unified and
strategic approach to CSR across the Company by
incorporating under one Rise for Good umbrella
the diverse range of its philanthropic giving,
identifying select constituencies and causes to
work with, thereby ensuring a high social impact.
The CSR Policy of the Company was amended
to include, in Annexure-1, the CSR Projects,
undertaken by the Company in the FY26.
Changes were, inter alia, made to enhance
the focus on healthcare, while continuing
to emphasize the empowerment of girls
and women and strengthening support for
environmental sustainability through water
conservation activities.
11.
Archival Policy
As per the policy, the events or information which
has been disclosed by the Company to the Stock
Exchanges pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI
LODR Regulations shall be hosted on the website
of the Company for a period of 5 years or such
period as may be specified by SEBI, from the date
of hosting.
12.
Business
Responsibility
&
Sustainability Policy
The objective of this policy is to ensure a unified and
common approach to the dimensions of Business
Responsibility across the Company and Group
Companies, act as a strategic driver that will help all
Group Companies respond to the complexities and
challenges that keep emerging and be abreast with
changes in regulations.
13.
Safety, Occupational Health and
Environment Policy
The vision of the policy is to sustain zero incident,
zero occupational health hazard and pollution free
working environmental organization.
14.
Policy on Prevention of Sexual
Harassment
The policy on Sexual Harassment is for Redressal
of complaints received regarding sexual harassment
and compliance of other provisions as per the Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The Company
in its good governance has extended the same to
male employees also.
Name of the Policy
Brief description
15.
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
(ABAC) Policy
While the basic tenets of anti-bribery and anti-
corruption policy are enshrined in the Code of
Conduct of the Company, this Policy comprehensively
captures the Company s approach towards bribery
and corruption in detail.
16.
Investor Grievance Redressal
Policy
The Policy is to promote and build prompt Investor
Grievance Redressal Mechanism and investor friendly
relations.
17.
Policy on Gifts & Entertainment The Policy lays down the guidelines for Acceptance
of gifts and entertainment by employees of the
Company. Permitted deviations and processes are
laid down through this Policy.
The Policy was amended with a view to clarify
permissible acceptance and offering of gifts
and business hospitality, defining appropriate
contexts and cumulative applicability with
clear approval requirements. IT also streamlined
authorization and oversight for event invitations,
gifting on behalf of the Company, collective gifts
by Managers, and compliance with applicable
international Gifts & Entertainment norms for
overseas roles or travel.
18.
Risk Management Policy
The Risk Management Policy, inter alia, includes
identification of risks, including cyber security and
related risks and also those which in the opinion
of the Board may threaten the existence of the
The Policy has been amended to, inter alia,
integrate
Company s
Enterprise
Risk
Management (ERM) framework, align risk
classification principles, and provide clarity on
structure, governance, roles and responsibilities
to promote accountability and a structured risk
management process. Overall, the revised Policy
supports identification, assessment, prioritization,
response, monitoring, and reporting of risks,
making risk management more responsive to
evolving business needs through operational
integration and a comprehensive governance
framework.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Board s Report
Particulars of loans/advances, etc. pursuant to Para A of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Loans and advances in nature of loans to Subsidiaries: (Net of Provisions)
Balances as on
31st March 2026
Maximum
10.00
45.00
847.75
2,020.66
Classic Legends Private Limited1
284.65
359.65
411.00
100.00
189.50
120.00
60.00
70.00
Mahindra Auto Steel Private Limited2
130.00
150.00
Mahindra Accelo Limited2
120.00
0.00
37.00
0.00
65.00
49.50
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited3
300.00
20.00
25.00
Mahindra Logistics Limited3
0.00
150.00
0.00
100.00
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (Promoter & Director of the Company) and Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar (Director of the Company) are also Directors of Classic
Legends Private Limited but they do not have any other concern or interest.
Mr. Ranjan Pant (Director of the Company) is also the Director of Mahindra Auto Steel Private Limited and Mahindra Accelo Limited but he does
not have any other concern or interest.
Dr. Anish Shah (Group CEO & Managing Director of the Company) is also the Director of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited and Mahindra
Logistics Limited but he does not have any other concern or interest.
Loans and advances in nature of loans to Associate/Joint Venture:
Balance as on
31st March 2026
Maximum
Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd.
0.00
41.83
MANAGEMENT
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ( M&M or Mahindra ) is the
flagship Company of the Mahindra Group, a globally
renowned, diversified federation of companies that operates
across diverse industries and geographies. As a leader in
innovation, technology and purpose-led growth, Mahindra
continues to push boundaries in delivering world-class
products and technology-enabled services that deliver value
and enable its customers, partners, and stakeholders to Rise.
With a strong emphasis on customer centricity, the Company
strives to provide accessible and impactful solutions tailored
to evolving customer needs. Innovation remains at the core
of Mahindra s philosophy, enabling the Company to adapt to
changing market dynamics and capitalise on emerging
opportunities in a rapidly evolving world.
People capability development remains a critical pillar of
Mahindra s growth agenda. Ongoing investments in talent
and future-ready skills support organisational agility and
preparedness to address domestic and global challenges,
while enabling the Company to pursue opportunities in a
structured and calibrated manner.
In FY26, your Company sold 11,17,698 vehicles* (domestic
and exports from India), a growth of 18.8% over the
previous year, and 5,26,403 tractors** (domestic and exports
from India), a growth of 24.0% over the previous year. These
numbers represent the highest ever sales of vehicles and
tractors by Mahindra in a given financial year.
The Automotive and Farm Sectors, along with their
subsidiaries, associate companies and joint ventures,
achieved global sales# of 1.65 million vehicles and tractors
(11,19,960 vehicles and 5,34,507 tractors), a growth of
20.4% over the previous year.
Mahindra s consistent
performance over time
underscores the strength of its
business fundamentals and
disciplined execution reinforcing
customer confidence and deeper
stakeholder trust.
Industry Structure,
Overview and Trends
Automotive Industry
In Calendar Year ( CY ) 2025, worldwide sales of Passenger
Cars and Commercial Vehicles increased to 99.8 million,
reflecting a 4.7% increase compared to CY 2024 sales of
95.3 million units. Globally, passenger cars and commercial
vehicles recorded growth rates of 5.2% and 3.5%
respectively. India ranked third in the passenger vehicle
segment, following China and the United States of America.
The fastest growing segment worldwide was that of Electric
Vehicles ( EVs ), which has grown at a 48% CAGR over the
last five years. (Source: Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs
d Automobiles)
The Sector has already surpassed its FY19 pre-COVID levels
across all four segments of Passenger Vehicles ( PV ),
Commercial Vehicles ( CV ), Three-Wheelers ( 3W ), and
Two-Wheelers ( 2W ).
The long-term growth outlook for the Indian auto industry
remains highly positive, supported by multiple structural and
policy factors. These include robust economic growth, rising
consumer confidence, strong Government push towards
electrification, Production-Linked Incentive ( PLI ) Schemes
and Make in India initiatives that are boosting domestic
manufacturing and localisation of critical components.
Additionally, these factors are driving increased investments
in R&D, innovation and advanced technologies such as
connected, autonomous, shared, and electric mobility.
Demand growth during the period was supported by new
product launches across segments, rising disposable
incomes enhancing consumer purchasing power, improved
accessibility to financing, and continued expansion in rural
The
increasing
preference
technologies has further contributed to this trend.
The Indian auto industry today is accelerating its transition
to cleaner and green mobility. The Government of India has
further strengthened this transition by approving a
comprehensive E-Vehicle Policy, positioning India as a global
manufacturing hub for electric vehicles.
This policy will provide Indian consumers access to the latest
EV technologies, boost the 'Make in India' programme and
domestic manufacturing capabilities, and strengthen the EV
In addition, the Government launched the PM E-DRIVE
scheme, with an outlay of Rs. 10,900 crore over two years
(1st October 2024 - 31st March 2026), to accelerate green
mobility and support the development of a robust EV
manufacturing
Complementing
this,
Voluntary Vehicle Modernisation Program ( VVMP ) aims to
phase out unfit, polluting vehicles, thereby improving road
safety, passenger safety, and vehicular efficiency while
creating a sustainable ecosystem for cleaner mobility.
Auto Industry in FY26
In
FY26,
passenger
commercial
three-wheelers, and two-wheelers reached their highest
ever sales levels. Passenger vehicles posted a 7.9% growth
at 4.6 million units and commercial vehicles recorded 1.1
million units, a growth of 12.6%. Three-wheeler sales stood
at 0.8 million units, with growth of 12.8%, while two-wheeler
sales reached 21.7 million units, rising 10.7%. Overall, the
Indian auto industry (excluding two-wheelers) achieved
record sales of 6.6 million units, reflecting a 9.3%
year-on-year growth.
Between FY16 and FY26, the Utility Vehicle ( UV ) segment
has been the primary driver of passenger vehicle growth.
Over this period, UVs registered a CAGR of 18.1%, compared
to 5.2% for overall passenger vehicles. The UV share of the
passenger vehicle market has surged from 21.0% in FY16 to
66.9% in FY26.
This surge in UV sales has been driven by rising customer
preference for UV-styled vehicles and a wave of new product
launches. Over the past two years, the UV segment has
witnessed 12 new launches, while the car segment has seen
none.
The Indian auto industry has witnessed new launches in the
electric passenger vehicle ( PV-EV ) segment. In FY26, PV-EVs
recorded sales of 1.6 lakh units, reflecting strong growth of
93.9% and achieving EV penetration of 3.4%. Electric
vehicle penetration in India has been primarily driven by
electric three-wheelers ( E-3W ). Key factors include
improving operating economics, ease of deployment for first
and last-mile connectivity (particularly around metro
stations), and the rapid expansion of start-ups acting as
three-wheeler aggregators. In FY26, a total of 2.6 lakh
E-3Ws were sold, marking 44.7% growth and accounting for
31.2% of the overall three-wheeler industry.
Segment
(Domestic Sales)
PV
3W
2W
FY19
33,77,389
10,07,311
7,01,005
2,11,79,847
FY26
46,43,439
10,79,871
8,36,231
2,17,05,974
CAGR
FY19-26
4.7%
1.0%
2.6%
0.4%
*Includes sales made by Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited and Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited but excludes sales made by SML Mahindra Limited
(SML) (The acquisition of SML Isuzu Limited was completed in August 2025 and hence the numbers of FY26 herein exclude SML volumes to ensure consistency and
comparability with prior periods)
**Includes sales made by Mahindra, Swaraj and Trakstar brands
#Includes domestic sales and sales by subsidiaries, associate companies and joint ventures, but excludes sales made by SML
Domestic and Exports Volume
11,17,698 Units*
18.8% YoY Increase in total automotive volume
5,26,403 Units**
24.0% YoY Increase in total tractor volume
Global Volume
11,19,960 Units
19.1% YoY Increase in total automotive volume
5,34,507 Units
23.3% YoY Increase in total tractor volume
MANAGEMENT
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis
Favourable weather conditions, strong Government support,
increased crop procurement and positive terms of trade for
farmers reinforced demand. Government measures to
improve farm incomes through various schemes further
promoted farm mechanisation, with investments to improve
rural infrastructure.
Exports of tractors in FY26 improved as compared to FY25.
This was due to demand for Indian-made tractors,
industry-led growth of markets like Sri Lanka, Nepal and
Bangladesh.
This positive trend is expected to continue, signalling
sustained growth for the sector.
Your Company s Performance
Automotive Sector
In FY26, your Company secured the No. 1 position in SUV
revenue market share in India across both ICE and EV
segments.
Among passenger vehicle manufacturers, based on revenue
market share, your Company ranked No. 2 in ICE and No. 1 in
EV. (Source: JATO)
The Company also retained its No. 1 position in SUV brand
power during the year under review. Additionally, IT sustained
its leadership in the LCV (<3.5T) segment by volume for over
12 consecutive years.
Your Company s share in the SUV segment of the Indian auto
industry stood at 21.3%.
For the year under review, your Company crossed the 1
million mark for the first time, achieving record domestic
volumes of 10,76,668 vehicles, an 18.8% increase over the
previous year. The Company also posted its highest ever
annual SUV sales at 6,60,276 units, reflecting 19.7% growth
year-on-year, and recorded peak production levels at both
the Kandivali and Chakan plants.
The table below summarises the performance of your
Company across various industry segments.
Tractor Industry
From FY09 to FY26, the domestic tractor industry grew at
an 8.2% CAGR, driven by improving affordability, adoption of
modern farming technologies, favourable monsoons, and
sustained Government support. Growth was further
supported by increased cultivation of high-value crops,
higher Minimum Support Prices ( MSPs ), labour shortages
that improved the viability of mechanisation, and strong
domestic demand alongside rising agri exports.
Looking ahead, the long-term outlook for the Indian tractor
industry remains positive.
Tractor Industry in FY26
The Indian tractor industry clocked an annual sale of
11,60,231 units in FY26, an increase of 23.5% as compared
to FY25. The industry was supported by timely arrival of the
south-west monsoon and healthy reservoir levels which
created a positive momentum during the year.
Following the GST reduction on tractors implemented in
September
2025,
industry
witnessed
sharp
acceleration in growth. While growth stood at 11.6% from
April to August, IT further surged to 31.2% during the
September to March period.
Industry Segment
Passenger Cars
Utility Vehicles
MPV (Vans)
Passenger Vehicles
MHCV
MHCV Passenger
MHCV Goods
ICV Goods (7.5 to 12T)
MCV Goods (12 to 18.5T)
HCV Goods >18.5T
LCV Passenger
LCV Goods < 2T GVW
LCV Goods 2-3.5T GVW
LCV Goods > 3.5T GVW
Total CV
3W Passenger
3W Goods
3W-e-Rickshaw
3W-e-Cart
3W
Scooters
Motorcycles
Mopeds
2W
Quadricycle
Total Domestic
Total Domestic (Excl. 2W)
Domestic Industry Volume
FY24
15,48,947
25,20,691
1,49,112
42,18,750
3,74,274
54,030
3,20,244
37,667
62,705
2,19,872
5,94,758
51,750
1,76,310
3,19,114
47,584
9,69,032
5,48,090
1,11,519
31,290
3,902
6,94,801
58,39,325
1,16,53,237
4,81,803
1,79,74,365
2,38,57,673
58,83,308
FY25
13,53,287
27,97,229
1,51,332
43,01,848
3,74,798
67,307
3,07,491
40,160
67,134
2,00,197
5,83,881
54,807
1,55,927
3,11,725
61,422
9,58,679
6,01,642
1,17,156
18,474
4,148
7,41,420
68,53,214
1,22,52,305
5,01,813
1,96,07,332
2,56,09,399
60,02,067
FY26
13,78,771
31,05,025
1,59,643
46,43,439
4,22,998
67,149
3,55,849
54,639
76,193
2,25,017
6,56,873
61,597
1,62,436
3,48,965
83,875
10,79,871
6,88,477
1,29,288
13,009
5,457
8,36,231
81,17,945
1,30,64,789
5,23,240
2,17,05,974
2,82,65,519
65,59,545
FY24
-11.4%
25.8%
7.3%
8.4%
4.2%
40.7%
-0.1%
6.7%
-8.0%
1.2%
-1.4%
16.8%
-8.6%
-3.8%
37.9%
0.7%
51.8%
14.3%
17.4%
12.1%
42.2%
12.5%
13.9%
9.1%
13.3%
0.0%
12.5%
10.1%
FY25
-12.6%
11.0%
1.5%
2.0%
0.1%
24.6%
-4.0%
6.6%
7.1%
-8.9%
-1.8%
5.9%
-11.6%
-2.3%
29.1%
-1.1%
9.8%
5.1%
-41.0%
6.3%
6.7%
17.4%
5.1%
4.2%
9.1%
-83.4%
7.3%
2.0%
FY26
1.9%
11.0%
5.5%
7.9%
12.9%
-0.2%
15.7%
36.1%
13.5%
12.4%
12.5%
12.4%
4.2%
11.9%
36.6%
12.6%
14.4%
10.4%
-29.6%
31.6%
12.8%
18.5%
6.6%
4.3%
10.7%
-96.7%
10.4%
9.3%
YoY Growth
Industry Segment
Utility Vehicles
Passenger Cars
MPV (Vans)
Passenger Vehicles
LCV Goods < 2T GVW
LCV Goods 2-3.5T GVW
LCV Goods < 3.5T
LCV Goods > 3.5T GVW
LCV Goods Total
M+ICV Goods (7.5 to 18.5T)
HCV Goods > 18.5T
MHCV Goods
CV Passenger
CV Goods
CV Total
3W
Total Domestic
Industry
FY25
27,97,229
13,53,287
1,51,332
43,01,848
1,55,927
3,11,725
4,67,652
61,422
5,29,074
1,07,294
2,00,197
3,07,491
1,22,114
8,36,565
9,58,679
7,41,420
60,01,947
FY26
31,05,025
13,78,771
1,59,643
46,43,439
1,62,436
3,48,965
5,11,401
83,875
5,95,276
1,30,832
2,25,017
3,55,849
1,28,746
9,51,125
10,79,871
8,36,231
65,59,541
Growth
11.0%
1.9%
5.5%
7.9%
4.2%
11.9%
9.4%
36.6%
12.5%
21.9%
12.4%
15.7%
5.4%
13.7%
12.6%
12.8%
9.3%
FY25
5,51,487
38,995
1,89,914
2,28,909
29,085
2,57,994
1,340
5,457
6,797
4,296
2,64,791
2,69,087
85,832
9,06,406
FY26
6,60,276
38,120
2,08,634
2,46,754
45,773
2,92,527
1,918
5,324
7,242
4,620
2,99,769
3,04,389
1,12,003
10,76,668
Growth
19.7%
0.0%
19.7%
-2.2%
9.9%
7.8%
57.4%
13.4%
43.1%
-2.4%
6.5%
7.5%
13.2%
13.1%
30.5%
18.8%
FY25
19.7%
0.0%
12.8%
25.0%
60.9%
48.9%
47.4%
48.8%
1.2%
2.7%
2.2%
3.5%
31.7%
28.1%
11.6%
15.1%
FY26
21.3%
0.0%
14.2%
23.5%
59.8%
48.3%
54.6%
49.1%
1.5%
2.4%
2.0%
3.6%
31.5%
28.2%
13.4%
16.4%
M&M
Market Share

The manifestation of this vision was showcased through SUV
concepts - the Vision.S, Vision.T, Vision.SXT and Vision.X,
which address white spaces while staying true to Mahindra s
core attributes of turn-on design, unmissable presence,
spirited performance, on-tap power, world-class safety, sci-fi
technology and a tough yet sophisticated character.
BE 6 Formula E Edition
Your Company launched the world s first Formula E inspired
electric SUV, the BE 6 Formula E Edition that brought the
adrenaline of the ABB FIA Formula E World Championship to
India s streets - precision driving, aggressive aerodynamics,
unmistakable motorsport styling.
In FY26, your Company launched several new products.
NU_IQ
On 15th August 2025, your Company unveiled Global Vision
2027 and showcased four world-beating SUV design
concepts based on the modular, multi-energy NU_IQ
platform. The revolutionary NU_IQ platform is the result of
innovation born out of your Company s strategy in the
automotive space to create products that rewrite the rules
of mobility and free consumers from compromises.
BE 6 Batman Edition
In August 2025, your Company launched the BE 6 Batman
Edition in collaboration with Warner Bros. Discovery Global
Consumer Products ( WBDGCP ). The BE 6 Batman edition
brings to life a rare fusion of cinematic heritage and modern
luxury, inspired by Christopher Nolan s critically acclaimed
The Dark Knight Trilogy from Warner Bros. Pictures. The first
lot of 999 units were sold out in just 135 seconds
showcasing the extraordinary outpouring of enthusiasm
from fans, collectors, and the community.
XEV 9S
In November 2025, your Company launched India s first
all-electric 7-seater SUV, designed for families and
individuals who demand space, comfort and capability. Built
on INGLO, India s first pure electric architecture, and powered
by the intelligence of MAIA, the XEV 9S delivers class-leading
innovation such as a coast-to-coast triple screen setup,
16-speaker Harman Kardon audio with Dolby Atmos,
HandsFree Park (Auto Park Assist), ADAS Level 2+, Straight
Ahead Display (VisionX AR HUD) and more.
The XEV 9S comes with three battery configurations, 79
kWh, 70 kWh and 59 kWh, to suit diverse driving needs. In
addition, XEV 9S was recently honoured with the Electric Car
of the Year title from Shutter Drives.
XUV 7XO
In January 2026, your Company launched the much-awaited
XUV 7XO with 5 Pioneering Tech Disruptions - World s first
DAVINCI suspension system; India s first ICE SUV with
coast-to-coast triple screen across all variants; India s first
ICE Software Defined Vehicle ( SDV ); India s first Integrated
Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision Experience and India s first
ADAS Level 2 with Dynamic Visualisation.
In line with Mahindra s Rise philosophy, the XUV 7XO reflects
the brand s commitment to the democratisation of advanced
automotive technologies, making globally benchmarked
innovation accessible to a wider set of customers.
Awards and Accolades
Your Company achieved remarkable success in corporate
awards and recognition during FY26. Key accolades include a
No. 5 ranking on TIME & Statista s Best Companies
Asia-Pacific 2026 and Dun & Bradstreet s 'India s Value
Creator 2025' award in the Automobile sector, emphasising
the Company's significant contributions to market value.
Business Today lauded your Company with two prestigious
awards, 'Best Auto OEM' and 'Best Disclosures &
Transparency Leader of the Year,' underscoring its
commitment to operational excellence and transparency.
Your Company was also recognised as the Outstanding
Company of the Year at the 21st CNBC-TV18 India Business
Leaders Awards.
In addition to corporate achievements, your Company is
proud to highlight significant milestones in awards and
recognition for world class products. This year was
particularly notable for Mahindra Electric Automobile
Limited, as IT received an impressive total of 26 distinguished
awards for its eSUV duo - XEV 9e and BE 6. The XEV 9e alone
garnered 19 awards, including the esteemed Green Car of
the Year award from India Car of the Year ( ICOTY ) 2026. The
BE 6 also stood strong, securing 7 awards in various
categories such as Design of the Year and Enthusiast EV of
the year. Furthermore, Mahindra Auto was honoured with 8
Manufacturer of the Year titles. Additionally, the Mahindra
Veero CNG was recognised as the Debutant CV of the Year at
the Apollo CV Awards 2025, further adding to the Company's
growing list of accolades.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Mahindra Last Mile Mobility ( MLMML )
In the Last Mile Mobility business, MLMML sold 1,36,855
units (domestic and exports) in FY26, as against 1,08,661
units in FY25, registering a strong growth of 25.9%.
During
year,
launched
UDO,
category-redefining product in the L5M EV segment, offering
best-in-class design, range and performance. Alongside, IT
introduced multiple product refreshes, including Zor Grand
Range+ and eAlfa Hard Top, further strengthening its
portfolio and value proposition to customers.
1,36,855
Units sold (domestic and exports) in FY26
with 25.9% YoY growth
For the first time, MLMML crossed the 1 lakh mark in EV
sales, delivering 1,07,157 units (domestic and exports), a
36.5% YoY growth. The business crossed a significant
milestone this year, with over 3.4 lakh commercial electric
vehicles now on the road and retaining its position as India s
No. 1 E-3W player.
1,07,157
EV units delivered (domestic and exports) in FY26
with 36.5% YoY growth
MLMML s achievements were recognised with the Zor Grand
Range+ winning the Apollo CV 3W of the Year award, and six
awards from Manufacturing Today for excellence in HR,
Supply Chain Management, and Sustainability.
Automotive Sector - Truck & Bus Division
With the positive impact of the GST rate cut, the CV industry
experienced a surge in H2 FY26, creating a favourable
environment. Your Company demonstrated commendable
resilience, posting solid growth over the previous year. The
volumes reached 14,832 units, reflecting a growth of 13.3%.
While the industry experienced a substantial recovery in the
second half of the year, with an annual growth of 13.0%,
your Company kept pace with the industry, showcasing its
robust strategic execution and market adaptability. Overall,
your Company has successfully maintained its market share
at 2.9% while achieving noteworthy volume growth.
14,832
Units sold with a growth of 13.3% in FY26
A significant milestone was achieved as your Company
posted consecutive EBITDA-positive results for FY26. The
Blazo X 28 Transit Mixer has been a cornerstone of
innovation, winning the 'Construction CV Application of the
Year' at the Apollo CV Awards 2026. This prestigious
accolade underscores the Company s commitment to
engineering excellence, efficiency, and meeting the rigorous
demands of construction applications.
Looking ahead, your Company remains focused on driving
continued growth through multiple strategic initiatives.
These include product enhancements, elevating customer
experience, and improving operational efficiencies. The
Company believes that these efforts will further solidify the
Company s market presence and deliver sustainable value to
the stakeholders.
SML Mahindra Limited
On 26th April 2025, the Company entered into agreements to
acquire a 58.96% stake in SML Isuzu Limited. In addition, the
Company made an open offer for acquisition of up to 26%
stake from eligible public shareholders of SML Isuzu Limited
in accordance with SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares
and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. On 1st August 2025, your
Company completed the acquisition of majority stake in SML
Isuzu Limited and renamed the company SML Mahindra
Limited ( SML ) and increased the combined market share
(Mahindra Truck & Bus Division and SML) to 6% in >3.5T
segment, with a goal of elevating this to 10-12% by FY31
and over 20% by FY36.
SML demonstrated commendable resilience, posting solid
growth over the previous year. The volumes reached 16,632
units, reflecting a growth of 17.0%, while the industry grew
by 13.0%. Overall, SML has successfully increased its market
share to 3.1% while achieving noteworthy volume growth.
16,632
Units sold reflecting a growth of 17.0% in FY26
Furthermore, Hiroi by SML was awarded the 'CV Staff Bus of
the Year Award' at the Apollo CV Awards 2026. This
recognition highlights its excellence in providing reliable and
efficient transportation for staff, emphasising comfort and
operational efficiency. Similarly, the GS Ambulance by SML
secured the 'CV Special Application Vehicle of the Year' at
the Apollo CV Awards 2026, underscoring its specialised
design and functionality, making IT a standout choice for
emergency medical services.
Mahindra Construction Equipment ( MCE )
Your Company sold 763 backhoe loaders ( BHLs ) under the
Mahindra EarthMaster brand; sold 236 motor graders under
the RoadMaster brand; and sold 77 haulage tractors under
HaulMaster brand, totalling 1,076 construction equipment
units for FY26. Moreover, your Company achieved a
milestone in the export markets by recording a significant
growth of 95.6% year-on-year. A total of 446 units of
construction equipment were exported, reflecting the
growing acceptance of Mahindra products in international
markets and the success of strategic efforts to expand the
global footprint.
Exports from India
Automotive Sector

The Automotive Sector of your Company exported a total of
41,030* units in FY26, registering a growth of 18.2% over
the previous year. FY26 also witnessed the highest ever SUV
exports, growing by 19% over FY25, led by strong global
acceptance of the XUV3X0, which was successfully launched
across multiple international markets.
The year marked a new high for your Company s
International Business, with record volumes driven by
sustained momentum across regions.
41,030*
Units exported registering
a growth of 18.2% in FY26
*includes exports from MLMML
The Company s subsidiaries continued to deliver strong
performance.
Mahindra
Mahindra
South
Africa
(Proprietary) Limited ( MSA ) and Mahindra Automotive
Australia Pty. Ltd. ( MAAPL ) recorded robust growth in retail
volumes, with MSA growing by 18% over FY25 and MAAPL
by 11% over FY25, reflecting sustained customer demand
and improved network reach.
In South Africa, your Company consolidated its position as a
Top 10 automotive OEM (among over 50 brands), supported
by continued product success and network expansion.
During the year, MSA commissioned a new assembly facility
in Durban, doubling local production capacity, and expanded
its footprint to 100 sales and service touchpoints. The
XUV3X0 emerged as a key growth driver, receiving the
Motor Enthusiast s Choice award at the 2025 South Africa
Car of the Year awards, achieving approximately 10% share
in its segment, and breaking into South Africa s Top 10
bestselling passenger vehicles in March 2026. The subsidiary
also demonstrated strong brand engagement through
initiatives such as Fusion Fest 2026, while celebrating a
milestone of 10,000 XUV3X0 customers in the country.
In Australia, MAAPL strengthened its nationwide presence
with 70 sales and service touchpoints across major
metropolitan markets. The business delivered growth,
supported by the successful introduction of the XUV3X0.
The product s strong market acceptance was further
reinforced by its recognition as a Top 5 finalist at the
prestigious Wheels Car of the Year Awards 2025-26 ,
marking a significant milestone for an Indian-manufactured
vehicle.
During the year, your Company also achieved a strategic
breakthrough by securing its largest ever export order for
the supply of 35,000 units of Scorpio Pik Up vehicles to
Agrinas Pangan Nusantara, an Indonesian state-owned
enterprise. This landmark order underscores your Company s
growing relevance in global markets and its ability to
participate in large-scale institutional opportunities.
Your Company remains committed to strengthening its
global footprint through focused product actions, network
expansion and enhanced customer engagement, while
continuing to build sustainable and scalable international
business.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Tractors
FY26 marks one of the strongest years for Mahindra s Farm
Equipment Sector. During the year, your Company s market
share in the domestic tractor industry stood at 43.6%, a gain
of 0.3% over FY25.
During the year under review, your Company sold a total of
5,26,403 tractors (domestic and exports from India), under
the Mahindra, Swaraj and Trakstar brands, as against
4,24,641 tractors sold in the previous year, registering a
growth of 24.0%.
5,26,403
Total units of tractors sold registering a growth of 24.0%
(domestic and exports from India)
Your Company sold 5,05,930 tractors, as compared to
4,07,094 tractors in the previous year in the domestic
market (these figures for the current year sales and previous
year sales include tractors sold by Gromax Agri Equipment
Limited, a subsidiary of the Company), reflecting a growth of
24.3%, as against the industry growth of 23.5%.
Your Company achieved its highest ever market share in
FY26 at 43.6% and maintained its position as the domestic
market leader for the 43rd consecutive year. Your Company s
performance was supported by good performance of all
products in the portfolio across all three brands viz.
Mahindra, Swaraj and Trakstar.
Exports of tractors from your Company out of India in FY26
also improved by 16.7% at 20,473 tractors as compared to
FY25.
Farm Machinery
Farm mechanisation plays a pivotal role in enhancing
agricultural productivity while addressing the increasing
scarcity of farm labour. During the year, your Company s
Farm Machinery business (self-propelled and tractor
propelled products) clocked the highest ever revenue of Rs.
1,354 crore (including MITRA Agri Equipments Private
Limited, a subsidiary of the Company) as compared to Rs.
1,024 crore in the previous year, registering a growth of
32.2%.
The Farm Machinery business introduced several new Made
in India products during the year to establish a
comprehensive portfolio across the complete agri machinery
value chain. During the year, IT continued to gain momentum
in the harvester category with wheeled, crawler and
tractor-mounted harvesters, achieving the highest ever
volume in both wheeled and crawler harvesters. The popular
Swaraj 8200 Wheel Harvester was also upgraded in FY26.
Your Company fortified its position in the rotary tiller
category by launching new products across geographies, and
remains the 2nd largest rotary tiller manufacturer in India.
Other launches included Mahindra Loaders, Paddy Walker,
variants of the MB plough, over half a dozen cultivator
models, land levellers, square balers, hay rakes, mulchers, and
slashers. Your Company also expanded its sprayer portfolio
and introduced a multi-crop seeding solution.
Exports From India
Farm Equipment Sector
For the year under review, in spite of a challenging global
environment, your Company exported 20,473 tractors, a
growth of 16.7% over the last year.
Your Company s exports were driven by a strengthened
presence in international markets, deeper consolidation in
existing geographies, entry into new geographies, and the
introduction of new products across its award-winning OJA,
Yuvo, and Novo platforms.
Your Company further strengthened its strategic position in
the Sri Lanka, Nepal and Bangladesh markets. In Sri Lanka, IT
had the highest ever tractor billing, while retaining and
consolidating its No. 1 position in Nepal with a market share
in excess of 40%. IT also ramped up exports to Algeria.
During the year, your Company expanded its global footprint
through the successful penetration of the future-ready,
lightweight OJA tractor range across key markets in North
and South America, Australia, Africa, and Asia, along with
product and country specific implements reinforcing its
commitment to global market growth and diversified
product deployment.
During the year, the Company also took decisive steps to
rationalise its international portfolio by exiting certain
non-core businesses, which were not delivering on the
outcomes needed, or which were not going to derive
strategic synergy. These include Sampo, Erkunt Foundry and
the voluntary liquidation of the Mitsubishi Agricultural
Machinery business. These actions reflect disciplined capital
allocation and are aimed at strengthening the overall
International Farm business. These measures are expected
to help improve profitability over the next two years.
Your Company remains committed to strategically important
markets, which include the United States, Brazil and Turkey,
where IT has built a strong presence and meaningful market
share. While FY26 saw an industry-wide slowdown impacting
demand
profitability,
underlying
fundamentals remain robust. With a long-term perspective,
the Company is well positioned to benefit from an eventual
recovery, with volumes expected to rebound as market
conditions improve.
Allied Businesses
Mahindra Powerol

Mahindra Powerol has been a significant player in the power
back-up industry for over 20 years. Among the Top 2 players
(by volume) in the overall Power Generation market,
Mahindra Powerol's network is spread over more than 1,000
service and sales touchpoints nationwide and over 12
overseas locations. The Company's distinct business model
strategically balances its service and product contributions,
each equally vital to its revenue generation. In addition to
Telecom, Powerol has also been focusing on increasing its
retail market share by HkVA range extensions.
Building on its core power back-up expertise, Mahindra
Powerol has diversified into lithium-ion battery energy
storage solutions, achieving over 300 installations till date
with continued growth, focused on small commercial
applications through UPS and inverter offerings.
Leveraging its network, reach and focus on Green Energy
Solutions, Powerol emerged as a strong player in EV Charger
services with over 50,000 home charger installations across
the nation. Growing infrastructure and power needs offer
significant expansion opportunities.
The rising demand for power back-up solutions and
infrastructure development will create opportunities in the
power generation and infrastructure equipment space.
This is an opportunity for the Company to grow its offerings
in power solutions and construction equipment.
Two-Wheeler Segment
In FY26, Classic Legends Private Limited ( CLPL ), a Growth
Gem, achieved a growth of over 50%. During the year, CLPL
revived the Yezdi portfolio and grew IT by 3.6x by launching
the Yezdi Adventure Dual headlamp and the all-new Yezdi
Roadster. Both products have received a very good response,
adding to Yezdi volumes. Reduction in GST from 28% to 18%
for sub-350 cc motorcycles further aided growth. During the
year, CLPL also expanded its global portfolio by launching
the BSA Bantam and the BSA Scrambler 650.
Opportunities and Threats
The global business environment continues to evolve at a
rapid pace, shaped by geopolitical dynamics, supply chain
realignments and economic volatility. Your Company has
stayed focused on building resilient operations and
managing risks, while pursuing opportunities for growth.
Automotive Sector

In FY26, India s PV industry grew by 7.9%, while the UV
segment outperformed with an 11.0% growth.
The sector enters FY27 with strong fundamentals despite
elevated
macroeconomic
geopolitical
uncertainties such as higher crude oil prices and commodity
inflation.
The outlook for the sector remains constructive as
consumption remains the primary growth driver, supported
by favourable demographics, income growth, and lower
vehicle penetration. Additionally, sustained government
support for manufacturing and clean mobility continue to
aid the sector s growth.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

India s LCV industry (<3.5T) grew 9% in FY26 post a period of
muted performance in FY24 and FY25, supported by GST
rationalisation. While elevated fuel costs may exert some
near-term pressure, growing organised trade, replacement
demand, higher fleet utilisation, and continued government
expenditure on infrastructure are expected to support the
growth of the industry.
India s policy environment
remains strongly supportive for
the automobile industry,
particularly in the areas of
electric mobility, localisation, and
advanced manufacturing.
The PM E-DRIVE Scheme has emerged as the Government s
flagship EV incentive framework, replacing the earlier
FAME-led structure. With an outlay of nearly Rs. 10,900
crore, the scheme focuses on accelerating adoption across
electric two-wheelers, three-wheelers, buses, ambulances,
and commercial vehicles while also supporting nationwide
charging infrastructure expansion.
Policy
support
domestic
manufacturing
also
strengthened significantly through Union Budget 2025,
which introduced customs duty exemptions on critical
lithium-ion battery components alongside increased support
for EV manufacturing ecosystems. The Government
continues to support the Auto Production Linked Incentive
( PLI ) Scheme and the Advanced Chemistry Cell ( ACC )
Battery PLI Scheme to improve domestic value addition,
reduce
import
dependence,
strengthen
India s
competitiveness within global EV supply chains.
In 2026, policy focus has increasingly shifted towards
strategic
supply
chain
resilience.
The
Government
announced the Rare Earth Permanent Magnet ( REPM )
manufacturing scheme with an outlay of approximately
Rs. 7,280 crore to strengthen domestic production of critical
EV motor components and reduce reliance on imported rare
earth supply chains.
The Government is also expected to recalibrate localisation
requirements under the PLI framework by easing domestic
value addition thresholds that were initially difficult for
manufacturers to meet. The revised framework is expected
improve
compliance
feasibility,
broaden
industry
participation, and accelerate investments across EVs,
batteries, and auto components.
Meanwhile, India s vehicle scrappage policy continues to
emerge as a structural demand driver for both passenger
and commercial vehicles. More than 4,30,000 vehicles had
reportedly been scrapped by early 2026, supported by
dedicated
recycling
scrappage
infrastructure. The policy is expected to stimulate
replacement
demand,
improve
fleet
efficiency,
accelerate the transition towards cleaner mobility.
Overall, India s automobile sector remains positioned for
medium-term expansion despite near-term macro pressures.
Strong domestic consumption, rising EV adoption, supportive
industrial policy, improving localisation, and structural
replacement demand continue to provide a favourable
long-term growth outlook for the industry.
Farm Equipment Sector
The Union Budget 2026 signals a shift towards an income
and enterprise-led growth strategy, with several measures
aimed at enhancing farmers income, productivity, and
entrepreneurship. Key initiatives include the integration of
AgriStack with Indian Council of Agricultural Research
( ICAR ) advisories and the promotion of high value crops to
drive adoption and diversification. The Government s
sustained focus on sustainable farming practices, irrigation
expansion, storage infrastructure, credit availability, and food
processing capacity is expected to strengthen India s
position as a global food supplier while fostering enterprise
driven growth in agriculture.
Strong Government support
continues to encourage the
adoption of farm mechanisation
and modern farming techniques,
supported by broader rural
development initiatives.
Given India s large base of small and marginal farmers and
the relatively low penetration of mechanisation in many
regions, the need for mechanised solutions is increasing.
Persistent labour shortages and rising wage costs are
expected to accelerate mechanisation adoption, supporting
the long-term growth trajectory of the tractor and farm
machinery market.
International Operations
Expansion in international markets is a key lever of growth
for your Company s Auto and Farm businesses. India s
expanding network of Free Trade Agreements ( FTAs ) (such
as the proposed India-EU FTA) presents significant
opportunities by enabling access to key markets at
preferential tariffs.
Leveraging the competitive domestic auto and farm
industries,
agreements
can
enable
Indian
manufacturers to access global markets with a sharper
quality and cost proposition, enhancing export potential.
In addition, such FTAs have the potential to create pathways
for strategic partnerships with global technology firms.
These collaborations can facilitate the localisation of
advanced manufacturing technologies, strengthening India s
capabilities while supporting long-term growth and
innovation in the auto and farm sectors.
Risks and Concerns
Monsoon
India is expected to receive a below-normal southwest
monsoon in 2026 due to the potential emergence of El Niño
conditions. The India Meteorological Department ( IMD ) has
projected rainfall at around 92% of the Long Period Average
( LPA ) in its first long range forecast. However, positive Indian
Ocean Dipole ( IOD ) conditions, expected to develop towards
the end of the southwest monsoon season, could partially
offset the El Niño impact.
Over the years, structural shifts have made the Indian farm
ecosystem more resilient to monsoons. This is driven by
increased penetration of horticulture, an increase in
non-farm income, government support for farmers, and
improved farm mechanisation. Further, favourable rural cash
flows, higher MSPs, and improved access to farm credit,
together provide a buffer against weather-related volatility.
Based on historical trends, the correlation between monsoon
variability and your Company s performance has been
relatively moderate, with a limited impact from uneven
rainfall conditions. With a robust operating model, the
business has delivered consistent results through cycles.
Commodity Pricing
Commodity prices in FY26 fluctuated significantly due to
global supply-demand imbalances, policy uncertainties, and
geopolitical disruptions. Your Company remains focused on
cost optimisation through value engineering, supplier
negotiations, and long-term price contracts. IT continues to
actively manage risks through robust hedging practices
under Board approved foreign exchange and commodity risk
management policies.
Regulatory Readiness
Your Company remains fully equipped to meet emerging
safety and environmental regulations, supported by ongoing
investments in compliant product development. Industry
leaders continue to emphasise the need for stable
EV-related policy frameworks to support long-range vehicle
programmes.
India will move to TREM Stage V (Tractor and Rural
Equipment Manufacturing) emission norms for agricultural
tractors from 1st October 2026 for above 75 HP and below
25 HP tractors, while the 25-50 HP segment will migrate to
the TREM IIIAA emission norm, effective April 2028. There is
no change in emission norms for the 50-75 HP category. The
entire 25-75 HP will migrate to TREM V norms effective April
2032. These norms aim to curb particulate matter ( PM ) and
nitrogen oxides ( NOx ). Your Company is well-prepared for
these changes, with ongoing investments in developing
products that meet future environmental regulations.

Slowdown in International Markets
In FY26, international tractor markets broadly witnessed a
subdued growth environment. Multiple cost-side factors
weighed on farmer profitability and dampened capital
expenditure on farm machinery in several regions. These
factors led to a cautious purchasing environment,
particularly in North America and parts of Europe, where
replacement demand softened during the year.
In Latin America, structurally strong markets, such as Brazil,
continued to benefit from large-scale commercial farming
and long-term mechanisation trends. Near-term demand,
however was impacted by volatile commodity prices, higher
financing costs, and weather-related uncertainties. Currency
volatility in select emerging markets further pressured
affordability and delayed investment decisions by farmers.
Going forward, your Company will continue to strengthen its
position in strategically important markets such as the
United States, Brazil, and Turkey, where IT has built a strong
presence and meaningful market share. This will be driven by
the launch of new products, and refreshes of existing ones,
to add further value for farming in these markets. The
long-term outlook for these markets remains positive.
Geopolitical Developments
Rising geopolitical uncertainties, including the West Asia
conflict, pose a near-term risk to the Indian auto sector
through volatility in crude oil prices, disruption of critical
shipping routes such as the Strait of Hormuz, and supply
constraints in oil-linked raw materials. Prolonged uncertainty
could also heighten inflationary pressures and currency
volatility.
Your Company takes several measures to de-risk its supply
chain. Localisation is a key driver of supply chain strategy,
along with planned buffers for critical components, supplier
base diversification, optimising usage of high-risk materials
and long-term supply contracts.
Tax Regulations
India has traditionally seen a tax-rate differential between
small and large passenger vehicles. This differential is based
on length of the vehicle, engine size and fuel type.
While the flagship products of your Company attract higher
tax rates, IT has strengthened the UV product portfolio
attracting lower tax rates with products like XUV3X0, Bolero
Neo, Bolero and Thar. XEV 9S, XEV 9e, BE 6, XUV 3XO EV and
XUV 400 attract the least GST among all passenger vehicle
categories.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Product Technology Strategy
A strong pipeline of new ICE SUVs, E-SUVs and global
lifestyle pickups positions the Company for continued
growth. The new NU_IQ platform provides flexibility for
next-generation products with its modular, multi-energy
architecture. E-SUVs remain a long-term technological focus,
while multi-year capital commitments continue to drive
international
expansion
aspirations.
Electrification and Sustainability
Your Company continues to advance electrification through
new product introductions, expansion of EV capacity, and a
targeted plan to increase E-SUV contribution to the
portfolio. The business is also expanding highway and
corridor charging through its open-source Charge_iN
platform, with a commitment to deploy 1,000 fast-charging
points along major corridors by 2027. Initiatives across clean
energy, circularity and alternate fuel development remain
aligned with the Company s long-term Planet Positive
commitments.
Banking and Credit Environment
A stable credit environment remains key to vehicle financing
in India, as banks and NBFCs continue to lend in a measured
and disciplined manner. While interest rates remain a key
monitorable, access to financing is expected to remain
adequate for financially strong OEMs and well-rated
customers.
Outlook
Your Company s Auto and Farm businesses aim to
consolidate domestic leadership, sustain profitable growth,
and expand globally. The Company remains focused on
achieving
cost
targeted
cost
optimisation, productivity gains, value engineering, and
efficient supply chain management.
Automotive Business
India s automobile sector plays a critical role in the overall
economy, contributing 7-7.5% to GDP and nearly half of
manufacturing GDP. As a structurally important sector, IT
acts as a key transmission channel for macroeconomic
trends into real economic activity.
From a demand perspective, the outlook for the sector is
strongly aligned with a consumption-led growth cycle.
Improving incomes, tax rationalisation and a rising
aspirational class are expected to drive demand for
passenger vehicles, particularly SUVs.
This demand trend reinforces the ongoing structural shift
toward premiumisation, with consumers increasingly opting
for feature-rich and higher-value vehicles. Strengthening
distribution networks, financing access and after-sales
service capabilities will be critical for OEMs seeking to
capture this growth.
Government-led infrastructure investment is expected to
provide a direct boost to the commercial vehicle segment,
particularly LCVs. While the segment remains sensitive to oil
price volatility, increased spending on roads, logistics, and
MSME support will drive demand for last-mile transportation
and fleet expansion, supporting both volume growth and
asset utilisation.
On the financing side, stable interest rates and strong credit
growth are expected to support auto demand through
financing channels. With a large proportion of vehicle
purchases being credit-driven, the availability of affordable
financing options will remain a key enabler of growth.
Tractor and Farm Equipment Business
The mid to long-term outlook for the Indian tractor industry
remains positive, supported by improving agricultural
resilience, stronger farm sentiment, and higher price
realisation for key crops. The Government s focus on
agriculture, rural development, and infrastructure is
expected to further support sustained demand.
Rising labour shortages and increasing wage costs also
continue to accelerate mechanisation adoption. Structural
enablers
such
higher
cropping
intensity,
crop
diversification, improved access to institutional credit,
FPO-led farm consolidation, and Government subsidies for
mechanisation further strengthen growth prospects.
Key monitorable factors include the onset and distribution of
monsoon rainfall, global commodity and input cost trends,
and logistics.
For FY27, the tractor industry is expected to deliver
mid-single-digit growth, with strong rural fundamentals and
continued policy focus, after a strong base in the previous
Strategy
Automotive Sector
In FY26, your Company reported a robust year-on-year
growth of 19.7% in SUVs, registering its highest ever annual
sales at 6,60,276 units. Additionally, in terms of revenue
market share, IT retained the No. 1 position in ICE SUVs,
growing 260 bps over FY25, and achieved No. 1 position in
electric SUVs. IT ranked No. 2 among passenger vehicle
manufacturers by revenue in ICE and No. 1 in EV. The
Company also retained its leadership position in LCVs (<3.5T)
and E-3Ws.
During the year, your Company unveiled its Global Vision
2027 and showcased four world-class SUV design concepts
based on the modular, multi-energy NU_IQ platform.
The Company s commitment to operational excellence and
transparency was reinforced with two prestigious awards -
Best Auto OEM and Best Disclosures & Transparency
Leader of the Year by Business Today. Additionally, the
XEV 9e garnered 19 awards, including the esteemed Green
Car of the Year at the India Car of the Year ( ICOTY ) 2026
awards.
Your Company is set to sustain this momentum through
continued innovation, accelerated global growth, and an
enhanced focus on customer experience.
The Company s strategy is anchored on the theme
Accelerate in Uncertainty , balancing resilience with
future-ready growth. In the near-term, the focus is on
fortifying the core through capacity debottlenecking in
FY27, supply chain de-risking, and a robust commodity
hedging programme to protect margins and ensure growth
continuity.
Your Company s outlook for FY27 remains strong, with
projected mid-to-high teens growth in SUVs. The Company is
well-positioned to scale efficiently, diversify risk, and lead the
transition towards next-generation mobility.
Looking beyond FY27, the Company is building growth
engines by launching the NU_IQ portfolio, expanding
international markets and accelerating EV adoption. Your
Company plans a robust product roadmap till 2031, with 10
LCV launches (including new products based on the Veero
platform and portfolio upgrades) and 16 SUVs (10 ICE and 6
electric SUVs), combining existing commitments with
additional launches.
Capacity expansion has been planned to support this
roadmap, with phased NU_IQ capacity coming up in Chakan
by FY28 and a new greenfield plant in Nagpur (5 lakh vehicle
capacity) planned for CY28 and beyond. This will be
complemented by a strong push on sales and service
infrastructure, built through the addition of 450+
touchpoints over the past two years, with a continued
scale-up planned ahead to strengthen market reach and
accessibility.
Charging
infrastructure
Mahindra
Charge_iN
will
be
simultaneously
accelerate EV adoption, scaling from 30 stations with 120
charging points currently to 250 stations and 1,000
charging points by end of 2027.
Farm Equipment Business ( FEB )
Your Company continues to lead the way in driving positive
change with reliable and accessible mechanisation solutions
across India s growing agri sector.
In FY27, your Company will launch 7 new tractors and 12
new features, including products from Mahindra s New
Tractor range and the Swaraj PRO-TEK. In FY26, your
Company showcased a range of alternate fuel tractors and
technologies, including the CNG/CBG tractor, an electric
tractor and an ethanol flex fuel tractor engine. Developed at
Mahindra
Research
Valley
( MRV ),
Chennai,
breakthrough alternate fuel technologies leverage decades
of Mahindra s expertise in advanced engine innovation,
positioning the Company at the forefront of the country s
endeavour in developing sustainable solutions in farm
mechanisation.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Farm Machinery
Your Company has aggressive growth plans for its Farm
Machinery business, supported by the introduction of Made
in India farm machinery solutions across the farm
mechanisation value chain. In FY26, the revenue of Farm
Machinery grew by 32% to reach Rs. 1,354 crore (including
MITRA Agri Equipments Private Limited, a subsidiary of the
Company). Your Company has a focus on expanding its
presence through higher-value farm machinery categories
such as harvesters, balers, seed drills etc.
International Operations
Your Company continues to focus on expanding its
international operations strategically in key markets. This
includes launching products from its new lightweight OJA
range of tractors.
During the year, your Company exited a number of
international subsidiaries, all of which align with its broader
capital allocation framework and portfolio optimisation
strategy, enabling your Company to focus on opportunities
that best position us for long-term success. This is also aimed
at streamlining the Group s portfolio and reallocating capital
towards core and higher-return segments.
Your Company withdrew from the agricultural machinery
business of Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural Machinery Co.,
Ltd. ( MAM ), which is an associate of the Company operating
in Japan, with a phased wind-down planned by H1 FY27. The
Company also signed and executed an agreement to divest
its stake in Sampo Rosenlew Oy, Finland and announced the
sale of its stake in Erkunt Foundry in Turkey.
The ongoing tractor business in Turkey remains unaffected
and continues to be part of the Mahindra Group.
Your Company remains focused on key markets - the United
States, Brazil and Turkey - where IT holds a strong presence
and market share. Despite an industry-wide slowdown in
FY26, fundamentals remain robust, positioning the Company
well as conditions improve.
Supporting these strategic pillars are MLMML s strong
in-house
capabilities,
enabling
continuous innovation and the delivery of fit-for-market
products with differentiated features and solutions designed
to enhance overall customer experience.
Trucks and Buses
The Trucks & Buses business stands at an inflection point,
competing at a meaningful scale on the back of the SML
acquisition - which has doubled the combined market share
and network, and strengthened manufacturing and bus
body-building capacity. SML brings a complementary product
portfolio in the ILCV segment and continued leadership in
school buses, a position your Company is committed to
protecting and building upon. The business holds a
commanding share in ILCV Buses and a strong position in LCV
Trucks, with a clear aspiration to be a Top 3 player in the ILCV
segment and a focused play in HCVs.
This growth aspiration is powered by three vectors. First, new
and differentiated products built on a wide range of
aggregates,
industry-best
fluid
efficiency,
telematics, next-gen cabins, and an in-house bus body facility.
Second, new opportunities unlocked through the combined
network, enabling entry into new geographies and, through
platform and aggregate sharing, access to adjacent
segments. Third, meaningful synergies from integrating R&D,
sourcing and production across SML and Mahindra Truck &
Bus Division, unlocking capital to reinvest in the business.
A commitment to service excellence underpins these growth
vectors - with superior uptime, reliability and post-sales
delight, and a technology-led differentiation anchored in
iMAXX, the intelligent fleet telematics and prognostics
platform. AI/ML is an additional enhancer that is deployed to
further sharpen the TCO proposition and accelerate your
Company s move up the competitive ladder. With this
foundation, the Trucks & Buses business aspires to become a
formidable player with the portfolio depth, network reach,
and technology edge to earn lasting customer loyalty.
Your Company aspires to Transform Lives of Farmers
Globally by Democratising Technology, growing its revenue
3X in this decade through the below vectors.
Domestic Tractors - Fortify

International Business - Build Momentum
Farm Machinery - Continue to Scale
Technology - New Growth Horizon

MLMML continues to maintain its leadership position in the
E-3W segment, with a market share of 40% (as per SIAM).
Driven by a commitment towards advancing India s transition
to electric last-mile mobility, IT remains focused on
differentiated product innovation, scalable and disciplined
execution, ecosystem enablement and deep customer
engagement.
MLMML s strategic priorities are centred around the
following pillars:

Passenger Segment
MLMML continues to drive electrification in the 3W
passenger (L5M) segment through innovative product
offerings. With products such as UDO, featuring
segment-first technologies along with best-in-class
performance, safety, and comfort, the Company aims to
further strengthen its position in the segment.

Cargo Segment
The business has a wide cargo EV portfolio spanning
multiple use cases and payload requirements, with
offerings ranging from e-Cart and L5N platforms to
N1-category products. Through tailored solutions
addressing various customer segments, the Company
seeks to accelerate electrification of last-mile cargo
transportation.

Ecosystem Enablement
MLMML remains focused on establishing an EV
ecosystem, including expanding distribution and service
reach,
enabling
access
affordable
financing,
strengthening charging infrastructure, and building
strategic partnerships for battery recycling and EV
lifecycle management.
Material Developments In
Human Resources

Mahindra
Leadership
University
( MLU )
MLU
continues to play a crucial role in honing a future-ready
leadership pipeline for the Mahindra Group. Rooted in
the Group s core values of Integrity, Quality, and Care,
MLU is adept at adapting to evolving business priorities
while staying committed to fostering leaders who are
Collaborative, Agile and Bold. Throughout the year, MLU
delivered more than 90 learning interventions,
positively impacting over 2,200 learners across various
businesses and levels. These programmes were
meticulously designed to enhance critical capabilities
such as leadership effectiveness, digital and AI fluency,
functional depth, and future skills, ensuring talent is
well-prepared to navigate complexities and drive
sustainable growth.

Mahindra Accelerated Leadership Track ( MALT ): In
partnership with Carnegie Mellon University, MALT
blends academic rigour with real-world application.
Participants
engage
complex
challenges,
enterprise
problem
solving,
cross-business exposure, thereby fostering the mindset
required to lead at scale. A defining feature of MALT is
the significant involvement of senior leaders, with over
100 hours invested by Mahindra s leaders, driven by a
shared commitment to developing future leadership.
The programme has empowered 161 participants
across batches.

Future Shapers: This is our senior leadership
programme, designed to enhance enterprise leadership
capabilities and prepare participants to lead Mahindra s
growth agenda, in partnership with Oxford University
and top-tier global professional firms, institutions, and
leaders. Over cohorts, the programme has been
empowering 130 individuals to innovate, inspire teams,
and drive the Company s evolution into the future.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Development Programmes: Mahindra has significantly
bolstered
functional
capability
building
structured academies.

The HR Unnati programme offers a comprehensive
journey for HR professionals, covering business
acumen,
analytics,
AI,
competency-based
interviewing, rewards, and IR, culminating in
certification.

The Tech Wizards flagship initiative empowers
technology leaders by fostering a growth mindset,
executive
presence,
cross-functional
leadership through immersive, application-led
learning.

The Emerging Finance Leaders Program is
meticulously designed to develop next-generation
finance leaders with strong business, strategic, and
financial capabilities.

A. Group-wide Controllership Program, designed
with IIM Ahmedabad, equips frontline finance
talent to uphold the highest standards of
governance.

The Women Leadership Development programme,
She Is On The Rise, focuses on accelerating
women leaders by building confidence, leadership
presence, and holistic progression within the
Group.
MLU s approach seamlessly blends immersive classroom
experiences with digital innovation, coaching, and real-world
application, transforming programmes into journeys that
enable leaders to translate insights into action and drive
significant business impact. Recognition from reputed
forums
underscores
MLU's
dedication
delivering
education that is experiential, inclusive, aligned with
business realities, forward-thinking, and profoundly human.
By championing these forward-thinking programmes,
Mahindra unequivocally affirms its dedication to nurturing a
dynamic
pipeline
future-ready
leaders,
elevating
workforce capabilities, and empowering individuals to realise
their full potential. These strategic efforts not only propel
sustainable organisational advancement but also establish a
resilient framework for the Company s long-term prosperity.
Highlights of Digital Learning Initiatives
A pivotal focus for MLU has been seamlessly integrating
digital learning into the leadership journey. Throughout the
year, MLU launched 34 innovative digital learning initiatives,
notably
advancing
microlearning
bite-sized,
high-impact modules designed for effortless access and
on-the-go consumption. This strategic approach has enabled
scalable, on-demand, and personalised learning experiences,
considerably
boosting
empowering
learners to build capabilities in a flexible and continuous
manner.
Mahindra Leaders Program ( MLP )
At the entry level, MLP stands as the Company s premier
campus-to-corporate initiative, tailored for high-potential
talent from India s top B-schools. This dynamic and
immersive, rotation-based programme provides participants
with early exposure to Group Strategy, core businesses, and
cross-sector experiences and learnings. Participants gain a
comprehensive understanding of how various business units
operate, and more importantly, how strategic decisions
interconnect and impact the broader Mahindra ecosystem.
This holistic approach ensures that the emerging leaders are
not only well-versed in their specific domains but are also
equipped with a nuanced appreciation of the complex,
interconnected nature of the organisation, ready to drive
synergistic growth and innovation.
Focus on Key Functional Tracks
Capability building is firmly anchored in a tiered,
persona-based
architecture
fosters
structured
development aligned with role complexity and leadership
maturity. Foundational programmes like Safe2Express and
Customer Obsession cultivate shared values, psychological
safety, and a customer-first mindset, ensuring organisational
alignment and consistent leadership behaviours.
The
Signature
Programs
layer
combines
leadership,
behavioural, and functional capabilities through blended and
scalable interventions addressing enterprise-wide priorities
such
acumen,
execution
excellence,
collaboration, and people leadership, while adapting to
evolving business needs.
The M-Power U development journey for managers and
department heads is delivered through two integrated
tracks, Functional Excellence and Leadership Capability.
Currently, the functional tracks are delivered in partnership
with Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (for defined
Managerial cohorts) and S. P. Jain Institute of Management &
Research (for Department Head cohorts), focusing on
operations, commercial capability, product development, and
enabling functions, while the leadership track builds
self-awareness, stakeholder influence, and enterprise
thinking.
Complementarily, at Mahindra Research Valley ( MRV ), there
has been an accelerated focus on building a future-ready
talent reservoir rich in expertise, diversity, and agility to
support the complexity of Software-Defined Vehicle ( SDV )
development. Emphasis on early career hiring, gender and
geographic diversity, and niche technology skills has infused
fresh perspectives and fortified critical domains such as
ADAS,
connected
cars,
cybersecurity,
electric
powertrains. Significant investments in skilling, with over
200 Mahindra Technical Academy learning programmes,
world-class
Innovation
infrastructure like battery and cell labs, crash and safety
labs, and cybersecurity facilities, have enhanced engineering
excellence
fostered
'first-time-right'
philosophy. This strategic blend of diverse hiring, early career
talent, and focused capability building ensures Mahindra s
workforce is adept at absorbing fast-evolving technologies
and delivering complex, high-quality products swiftly.
Holistic Talent Management And Development
Mahindra adopts a strategic and well-structured approach to
Talent Management, ensuring the identification, cultivation,
and deployment of the right talent across the organisation. A
key initiative within this strategy is EDGE ( Enhanced
Development & Growth Experience ). EDGE is a flagship
Talent Development programme at the Auto and Farm
Sector of the Group. The programme plays a pivotal role in
strengthening the organisation s leadership pipeline by
systematically identifying, differentiating, and developing
high-potential leaders who are critical to future business
continuity and growth. The development methodology is
anchored in the 3E Model - Education, Experience, and
Exposure, a proven approach to building leadership
capability
integrating
learning,
application,
perspective building. In addition, the programme actively
supports career mobility through structured rotations and
embedded career conversations.
Enabling A Smooth Employee Experience Journey
The Moments @ Mahindra initiative is a testament to the
Company s unwavering dedication to enhancing the
employee experience by focusing on those pivotal moments
that define their journey. Rooted in the value of Care, which
encapsulates the essence of our dedication, and inspired by
our relentless customer obsession, we extend this ethos
internally to our employees. This translates to a continuous
effort to listen with purpose, streamline processes, and act
swiftly to elevate each moment.
The execution philosophy is guided by principles of
Simplification, Scalability, Sustainability, and Standardisation,
all powered and augmented by Automation and Technology.
Inclusive Hiring
The emphasis on this domain is reflected in the Company s
commitment to promoting diversity in the recruitment
processes by striving to attract, retain, and nurture talent
from under-represented groups, including women, veterans,
gig workers, and individuals with disabilities.
Key initiatives

Hire Right: Training hiring managers to eliminate bias
and promote inclusive recruitment.

Establishing Inclusive Job Descriptions: Ensuring all
job descriptions emphasise qualifications and skills to
attract diverse candidates, and are free from biased
language.

Providing Equal Opportunities: Providing every
applicant a fair chance to succeed based on merit,
irrespective of their background, promoting a true
meritocracy.

Incentivised Referrals: An additional 25% incentive for
employees who successfully refer female candidates,
encouraging employees to bring diverse talent into the
organisation and broadening the talent pool.

Network
Expansion
Partnering
diverse
organisations, educational institutions, and professional
networks to access untapped talent pools and enhance
workplace inclusion.

SOAR Returnship Program: Supporting professionals,
especially women and under-represented groups,
returning to the workforce after a career break through
tailored and customised training, mentorship, and
integration opportunities.
By prioritising excellence and merit without compromising
on its commitment to diversity, Mahindra fosters an
environment where individuals thrive based on their abilities,
creating a culture of fairness, empowerment, and innovation.
Diversity, Equity And Inclusion
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion continue to be a cornerstone,
as evidenced by various innovative and impactful initiatives.
These range from focused mentorship programmes that
offer bespoke guidance for holistic growth to the Robust
ERG and Women Networks that operate to provide
unparalleled support and engagement. Every effort is
meticulously crafted. Additionally, there are customised
professional development platforms, catering to skill
enhancement, all of which exemplify the steadfast
commitment to an inclusive and equitable environment
where every individual is empowered, and every voice
amplified.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Mentorship Programme: At the Auto and Farm Sector,
the Mentorship Programme is modelled on customised
needs, and is an instrumental initiative designed to
cultivate a culture of perpetual learning, facilitating the
sharing of knowledge, the development of skills, and
fostering holistic growth.

ERGs Network: Across the Auto and Farm Sector,
Employee Resource Groups ( ERGs ) Network has grown
impressively from its inception with 7 ERGs in FY25 to
an expansive 28 ERGs across various locations in FY26,
engaging over 200 members. These ERGs are pivotal in
addressing local challenges and creating an inclusive
workplace that caters to the diverse needs and
experiences of employees. Their strategic endeavours
are multifaceted, from identifying and bridging process
and infrastructure gaps through leadership guidance to
championing the Inclusion and Diversity agenda. They
support business-aligned initiatives and collaborate
with cross-sector ERGs, adopting best practices for
widespread impact.
Transformative Work Culture
Driving a deeply transformational culture is steadily rooted
in our commitment to nurturing an engaged, innovative, and
empowered workforce. Having structured programmes with
collaborative
practices,
creates
environment where employees actively contribute to
evolving the work culture.
This foundation emphasises
trust, skill development, and
governance at all levels, ensuring
operations are transparent, fair,
and inclusive.
To foster a culture of compliance and professionalism,
Mahindra delivers comprehensive training on the Code of
Conduct, Prevention of Sexual Harassment ( POSH ),
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption ( ABAC ), safety, and human
rights to all employees, ensuring fairness, accountability, and
ethical behaviour are integral to operations. The organisation
also
champions
inclusive
gender-neutral
workstations,
opportunities
specially-abled associates, reflecting a comprehensive
approach to diversity and empowerment.
Building future-ready skills is pivotal, with rigorous
identification of training needs, and technical development
programmes in robotics, electric vehicle technology,
mechatronics, and emerging fields. Career growth is further
supported through higher education programmes for
associates and assistance for diploma trainees, equipping
employees to confidently meet technological advancements
and industry demands.
The Mahindra Skill Excellence platform elevates shop floor
associates through fostering technical proficiency, process
discipline, and behavioural competencies, alongside skill
competitions in specialised domains like mechatronics,
metallic paint technology, and varied others. This approach
not only promotes continuous learning but also instils
confidence and pride among employees, aligning talent
development with business priorities.
Industrial relations have remained consistently positive,
stable, and collaborative, marked by amicable settlements,
productivity-linked incentive frameworks, and sustained
partnerships between management and unions. Proactive
engagement strategies and periodic union meetings have
eliminated disputes, fostered mutual trust and supported
transformation while maintaining operational continuity and
reinforcing Mahindra s reputation as a responsible and
employee centric employer.
There is also enhanced focus on Pioneering the Future of
Health and Safety at Mahindra.
At Mahindra, we prioritise health and safety with unwavering
dedication, setting high standards and continuously
advancing the Company s processes in sync with the latest
technological innovations and industry-leading practices. The
Employee
Health
Index
offers
personalised
health
monitoring and regular comprehensive check-ups.
The Company adopts a holistic approach to health through
expert-led sessions on lifestyle enhancement, mental and
emotional health, nutrition, and mindfulness for employees
and their families.
The Company maintains exceptional workplace hygiene and
regularly fosters hygiene awareness. Employees actively
participate
yoga
sessions,
preventive
healthcare
programmes, and awareness initiatives. Digitised safety
training kiosks at the key manufacturing locations ensure
that safety is second nature. Through these practices,
Mahindra leads by example, prioritising the wellness of every
individual within the community.
Prevention Of Sexual Harassment At Workplace ( POSH )
Focused awareness in this area has been created by a POSH
campaign reiterating Mahindra's commitment of providing a
safe workplace for all its employees. During the year, the
organised
sensitisation
awareness
programmes through induction trainings for new joinees,
e-learning modules, classroom trainings for employees,
trainees as well as third parties visiting the Company s
workplaces, sending emailers, creating standees, posters to
sensitise all employees on always maintaining a professional
conduct and encouraging a speak up culture. Internal
Committee members have been trained on Capability and
Skill Building. The POSH Policy has been translated into eight
vernacular languages.
Performance With Purpose, Total Rewards and Enabling
Policies
Mahindra s reward approach, rooted in the Rise philosophy,
aims to attract, retain, and energise talent while promoting
sustainability, inclusion, and customer centricity through a
holistic strategy. This strategy integrates compensation,
benefits, well-being, and career opportunities to create an
environment where employees thrive.
The performance management system, rooted in the
Mahindra Behaviours of Collaborative, Agile, and Bold,
transcends traditional ratings, fostering real-time feedback
development.
Compensation
fair,
merit-based,
market-competitive,
performance-linked variable pay tied to business outcomes
like financial performance, Return on Equity ( ROE ), and
increasingly, Environmental, Social, and Governance ( ESG )
metrics.
The Company s comprehensive policies support employee
well-being
physical,
emotional,
dimensions, with flexible benefits such as medical
allowances, education assistance, and sabbatical options. The
Company emphasises family support through initiatives like
women s travel safety policies, a 5-year maternity support
policy, and provisions for surrogacy, adoption, and IVF.
Committed to Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion (DEI), the Company
fosters an inclusive culture
where every individual has the
opportunity to grow and
succeed.
The Company had a total of 26,765 permanent employees
on its rolls as on 31st March 2026.
Internal Control Systems
Your Company maintains adequate internal control systems
commensurate with the nature of its business and size and
complexity of its operations. These are regularly tested for
their effectiveness by Statutory as well as Management
Auditors.
Your Company's Internal Financial Controls are deployed
through the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the
Treadway Commission ( COSO ), that addresses material risks
in your Company's operations and Financial reporting
objectives.
The framework is a combination of entity-level controls
(including Enterprise Risk Management, Legal Compliance
Framework, Internal Audit and Anti-Fraud Mechanisms such
as Ethics Framework, Code of Conduct, Whistleblower Policy,
etc.), process level controls, information technology-based
controls, period end financial reporting and closing controls.
Further, the Internal Control Systems have been designed to
provide reasonable assurance with regard to recording and
providing reliable financial and operational information. In
the highly networked IT environment of the Company,
validation of IT Security receives focused attention from IT
specialists and Statutory Auditors.
The Chief Internal Auditor reports administratively to the
Chairman of the Board and functionally to the Audit
Committee. The Internal Audit function develops an audit
plan for the Company, which covers, inter alia, corporate, core
business operations, as well as support functions. The Audit
Committee reviews the annual internal audit plan. Significant
audit observations are presented to the Audit Committee,
together with the status of the management actions and the
progress of the implementation of the recommendations.
The
Audit
Committee
reviews
adequacy
effectiveness of the Company's internal control environment
and monitors the implementation of audit recommendations.
During the year, the Company has taken steps to review and
document the adequacy and operating effectiveness of
internal controls. Nonetheless, your Company recognises
that any internal control framework, no matter how well
designed, has inherent limitations and accordingly, regular
audits and review processes ensure that such systems are
reinforced on an ongoing basis.
Your Company's Management has carried out the evaluation
of the design and operative effectiveness of these controls
and noted no significant deficiencies/material weaknesses
that might impact financial statements as at the Balance
Sheet date.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis

Discussion On Financial Performance With Respect To Operational
Performance
Overview
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS as per the Companies ( Indian Accounting Standards ) Rules,
2015, as amended and notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and other relevant provisions of the Act.
Financial Information [Standalone]
Property, Plant And Equipment And Intangible Assets
As at 31st March 2026, the Property, Plant and Equipment
and Intangible Assets stood at Rs. 24,996 crore as compared
to Rs. 23,556 crore as at 31st March 2025. During the year,
the Company incurred capital expenditure of Rs. 6,308 crore
as compared to Rs. 5,115 crore in the previous year mainly
on new product development and capacity enhancement.
Borrowings

Borrowings have reduced from Rs. 1,135 crore in the
previous year to Rs. 1,056 crore in the current year mainly
due to repayments this year.
Results Of Operations
Income
Income From Operations And Other Income
The income from operations of the Company increased by 24.6% as compared to the previous year mainly driven by performance of
the Auto and Farm businesses.
Sales volume in Auto segment witnessed a growth of 17.6% with sales of 9,95,526 vehicles in the current year as against 8,46,726
vehicles in the previous year.
Sales volume in Farm segment witnessed a growth of 23.9% with sales of 5,21,203 tractors in the current year as against 4,20,636
tractors in the previous year.
Increase in volumes combined with higher realisation led to Revenue from operations growing by 24.6% as compared to the previous
Other income during the year ended 31st March 2026 at Rs. 2,775 crore are higher than Rs. 1,712 crore earned in the previous year
mainly on account of higher interest income and fair value gain on certain non-current investments in the current year.
Expenditure
Inventories
Raw materials and bought out components as a percentage
of cost of materials consumed has decreased due to
improved inventory management, better procurement
efficiency and lower wastage.
Finished goods and stock-in-trade as a percentage of sale of
products
decreased
due
better
inventory
management and increase in sales.
Trade Receivable
Trade Receivables are Rs. 6,486 crore as at 31st March 2026,
as compared to Rs. 5,726 crore as at 31st March 2025. As a
percentage of revenue from sales of products and services,
trade receivables are lower at 4.5% as at 31st March 2026,
as compared to 5.0% for the previous year mainly on
account of better collection efforts and higher volume.
The total expenditure during the year as a percentage of
income from operation is 87.9% as compared to 88.3% in
the previous year. The reduction reflects the cost
management initiatives undertaken by the Company.
Material Cost
The material cost as a percentage of income from operation
has increased from 72.8% in the previous year to 75.0% in
the current year mainly due to inflation in commodity prices
and product mix.
Employee Benefits Expense
The personnel cost as a percentage of income from
operations has decreased from 4.1% in the previous year to
3.6% in the current year mainly due to the higher revenue
base in the current year.
Other Expenses
Other expenses as a percentage of income from operations
has decreased from 6.9% in the previous year to 5.8% in the
current year which mainly reflects the cost management
initiatives and higher revenue base in the current year.
Loss From Investment Related To Subsidiaries, Associates
And Joint Ventures
Loss from investment related to subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures has decreased due to lower impairment of
investments in the current year.
Depreciation, Amortisation And Impairment Expense
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expenses as a
percentage of income from operations has decreased over
the previous year mainly due to reduced impairment of
assets and higher revenue base in the current year.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis
Borrowings
Long-term
borrowings
Short-term
borrowings
Total
FY26
1,056
FY25
1,056
1,135
Inc./(Dec.)
(529)
(79)
Raw materials and bought
out components as a % of
cost of materials consumed
Finished goods and
Stock-in-trade as a % of
sales of products
FY26
4.5%
3.1%
FY25
5.0%
4.4%
Particulars
Revenue from operations
Income from investment related
to subsidiaries, associates, and
Income from Operations
Other income
FY26
Amount
1,45,576
2,190
1,47,766
2,775
Operations
98.5
1.5
100.0
1.9
Amount
1,16,484
2,141
1,18,625
1,712
Operations
98.2
1.8
100.0
1.4
%
25.0
2.3
24.6
62.1
FY25
Inc./(Dec.)
Particulars
Material costs
Employee benefits expense
Finance costs
Depreciation, amortisation and
impairment expense
Loss from investment related to
subsidiaries, associates and
Other expenses
Total expenses
FY26
Amount
1,10,766
5,290
4,293
8,542
1,29,818
Operations
75.0
3.6
0.2
2.9
0.5
5.8
87.9
Amount
86,340
4,881
4,227
8,140
1,04,686
Operations
72.8
4.1
0.2
3.6
0.7
6.9
88.3
%
28.3
8.4
(0.4)
1.6
(20.1)
4.9
24.0
FY25
Inc./(Dec.)

Finance Costs
The interest expense as a percentage of income from
operations remained unchanged at 0.2% in the current year
as compared to the previous year.
Tax Expense
The provision for current tax and deferred tax for the year
ended 31st March 2026, as a percentage to profit before tax
is 24.1% is lower than 24.3% in the previous year.
The key financial ratios of the Company are given as below:
Explanation for variation of 25% or more in Key Financial
Ratios

Debt Equity Ratio (times): The debt equity ratio is at
0.01 in current year as against 0.02 in previous year,
primarily due to repayment of borrowings and higher
equity base.

Interest Coverage Ratio (times): The interest coverage
ratio is at 77.8 in current year as against 62.0 in
previous year primarily due to higher Operating Profits
(Profit before interest, depreciation, amortisation,
impairments,
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, exceptional
items and tax) during the current year.
Consolidated Financial Position
of The M&M Group
As on 31st March 2026, for the purpose of consolidation as
per Indian Accounting Standards ( Ind AS ), the Group
comprised of the flagship holding Company Mahindra &
Mahindra Limited, 128 Subsidiaries, 20 Joint Ventures and
29 Associates.
The consolidated income from operations is Rs. 1,98,639
crore in the current year as compared to Rs. 1,59,211 crore
in the previous year, registering an increase of 24.8%.
The consolidated profit before exceptional items, share of
profit of associates and joint ventures and tax for the
current year is Rs. 23,513 crore as compared to Rs. 17,542
crore in the previous year, registering an increase of 34.0%.
The consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling
interest and exceptional items for the year is Rs. 17,099
crore as compared to Rs. 12,929 crore in the previous year,
registering an increase of 32.3%.
Tech Mahindra Limited, flagship company of the Mahindra
Group in the IT Sector, reported a consolidated operating
revenue of Rs. 56,815 crore in the current year as compared
to Rs. 52,988 crore in the previous year, registering an
increase of 7.2% (not consolidated in M&M revenue). Its
consolidated profit after tax after non-controlling interests is
Rs. 4,811 crore as compared to Rs. 4,252 crore in the
previous year, registering an increase of 13.1%.
The Group s finance company, Mahindra & Mahindra
Financial Services Limited ( Mahindra Finance ), a listed
subsidiary of the Company, reported a consolidated
operating revenue of Rs. 21,005 crore during the current
year as compared to Rs. 18,463 crore in the previous year,
registering an increase of 13.8%. The consolidated profit
after tax after non-controlling interests for the year is
Rs. 2,855 crore as compared to Rs. 2,262 crore in the
previous year, registering an increase of 26.2%. Mahindra
Finance customer base has crossed 12.0 million customers
and currently has a network of over 1,348 offices. Mahindra
Finance reported closing business AUM of Rs. 1,34,096 crore
as of 31st March 2026, a growth of 12.1%.
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited, the listed
subsidiary in the business of real estate and infrastructure,
reported a consolidated operating revenue of Rs. 1,178
crore as compared to Rs. 372 crore in the previous year,
registering an increase of 216.7%. The consolidated profit
after tax after non-controlling interest for the year is Rs. 298
crore as compared to Rs. 61 crore in the previous year,
registering an increase of 388.5%.
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited, the listed
subsidiary in the business of selling vacation ownership and
providing holiday facilities, registered a consolidated
operating revenue of Rs. 2,992 crore as compared to
Rs. 2,781 crore in the previous year, registering an increase
7.6%.
The
profit
after
non-controlling interests for the year is Rs. 70 crore as
compared to Rs. 128 crore in the previous year, registering a
decrease of 45.3%.
Mahindra Logistics Limited, the listed subsidiary in the
logistics business, reported a consolidated operating revenue
of Rs. 6,999 crore as compared to Rs. 6,105 crore in the
previous year registering an increase of 14.6%. The
for the year is profit of Rs. 2 crore as compared to loss of
Rs. 36 crore in the previous year, registering an increase
of 105.6%.
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis
Particulars
Debtors Turnover (times)
Inventory Turnover (times)
Interest Coverage Ratio (times)
Current Ratio (times)
Debt Equity Ratio (times)
Operating Profit Margin (%)
Net Profit Margin (%)
Return on Equity (%)
FY26
23.4
10.7
77.8
1.5
0.01
15.2%
10.6%
23.0%
FY25
22.2
8.6
62.0
1.5
0.02
15.5%
10.0%
20.8%
M&M

Swaraj Engines Limited, the listed subsidiary in the business
of manufacturing of Diesel Engines and its components,
reported operating revenue of Rs. 2,007 crore as compared
to Rs. 1,682 crore in the previous year registering an
increase of 19.3%. The profit after tax for the year is Rs. 196
crore as compared to Rs. 166 crore in the previous year,
registering an increase of 18.1%.
SML Mahindra Limited ( SML ) (formerly known as SML
Isuzu Limited), the listed subsidiary primarily in the business
of manufacturing and sale of light commercial vehicles
( LCVs ) and medium commercial vehicles ( MCVs ) in the
automobile industry and has a product portfolio comprising
buses, trucks, and specific application vehicles, reported
operating revenue of Rs. 2,838 crore as compared to
Rs. 2,399 crore in the previous year registering an increase
of 18.3%. The profit after tax for the year is Rs. 160 crore as
compared to Rs. 122 crore in the previous year, registering
an increase of 31.1%. SML became a subsidiary of M&M with
effect from 1st August 2025.
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited, a listed subsidiary in the
business of micro-irrigation systems such as drip and
sprinklers, agricultural pumps, greenhouses and landscape
products, reported a consolidated operating revenue of
Rs. 312 crore as compared to Rs. 273 crore in the previous
year, registering an increase of 14.3%. The consolidated
profit after tax for the year is Rs. 13 crore as compared to
Rs. 7 crore in the previous year, registering an increase
of 85.7%.
Segment Results After Share of Profit/(Loss) of Associates
And Joint Ventures
The results achieved by business segments of the Group are
given below:

Disclaimer
Certain statements in the Management Discussion and
Analysis describing the Company s objectives, projections,
estimates,
expectations
or
predictions
be
forward-looking statements within the meaning of
applicable securities laws and regulations.
Actual results could differ from those expressed or implied.
Important factors that could make a difference to the
Company s operations include raw material availability and
prices, cyclical demand and pricing in the Company s principal
markets, changes in Government regulations, tax regimes,
economic developments within India and the countries in
which the Company conducts business and other incidental
factors.
STATUTORY REPORTS | Management Discussion and Analysis
Segments
Automotive
Farm Equipment
Financial Services
Industrial Businesses and
Consumer Services
Total
FY26
10,383
5,517
3,779
3,705
23,384
FY25
7,797
4,947
3,002
2,718
18,464
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
COMPANY S CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
PHILOSOPHY
Your Company s Corporate Governance philosophy is built
on a strong legacy of fairness, transparency, accountability
and ethical conduct. Since its inception, your Company has
remained persistently committed to values-driven leadership,
reinforcing the belief that long-term success is achieved only
when business is conducted with integrity, responsibility and
accountability.
Guided by the values that have shaped the organisation for
decades, entrepreneurship, ethics, meritocracy, dignity and
diversity & inclusion, your Company has institutionalised
governance processes that are deeply embedded in its culture.
These practices ensure that the interests of all stakeholders
are protected in a balanced and equitable manner.
Your Company believes that strong corporate governance is
fundamental to enhancing and sustaining investor trust. Your
Company continually strengthens its governance standards
and internal frameworks to align with evolving regulatory
expectations and global best practices.
Through transparent disclosures, principled decision-making,
merit-based opportunities and respect for every individual,
your Company strives to deliver sustainable long-term value.
Ethical and responsible leadership, both at the Board level
and within Management, remains central to this philosophy,
ensuring that your Company conducts its business with the
highest levels of integrity.
EXTERNAL RECOGNITION OF EXCELLENCE IN CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
Building on its strong Corporate Governance Philosophy,
your Company continues to be acknowledged by leading
national and global institutions for its exemplary governance
standards.
Your Company has once again been honoured with the
Golden Peacock Global Award for Excellence in Corporate
Governance 2025 , marking its third consecutive recognition
by Golden Peacock Awards, instituted by the Institute of
Directors (IOD), India. This prestigious accolade widely regarded
as a global benchmark of corporate excellence, further
strengthens the Company s longstanding governance legacy.
Your Company has been a consistent recipient of the
Golden Peacock Global Awards for Excellence in Corporate
Governance in 2019, 2021, 2023, 2024 and now 2025,
with the awards for 2023, 2024 and 2025 reflecting a
notable three year consecutive achievement. This sustained
recognition reaffirms the Company s distinguished position as
a leader in corporate governance excellence.
Further, your Company also continued to feature in the
Leadership category of the Indian Corporate Governance
Scorecard 2025 , marking its fifth consecutive recognition
which is developed by Institutional Investor Advisory
Services India Limited ( IiAS ) with support from International
Finance Corporation ( IFC ) and BSE Limited ( BSE ). Anchored
in the globally accepted G20/OECD Principles of Corporate
Governance, the Scorecard evaluates companies through a
structured methodology built around 6 pillars: 2 addressing
market dynamics and regulatory frameworks and 4 equally
weighted pillars focusing on company-level practices and
behaviour viz. shareholder rights, disclosure and transparency,
board responsibilities and sustainability and resilience.
Companies achieving strong performance across these pillars
are placed in the Leadership category, signifying governance
standards that exceed market norms and exemplify best in-
class practices. Your Company had similarly earned a
Leadership ranking in the preceding year, further reinforcing
its consistent commitment to strong governance practices.
GLOBAL ESG AND SUSTAINABILITY RATINGS
Your Company has consistently performed strongly in both
domestic and global ESG ratings. In 2025, the Company
continued to be a global leader in the auto sector, achieving
top recognition in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI)
and Reuters rankings by Refinitiv (part of the London Stock
Exchange Group). During the year, your Company s MSCI
ESG rating improved further from A to AA . In addition, your
Company received CDP (Carbon Disclosure Report) ratings of
A for Climate Change and A- for Water Conservation. These
and several other comparable domestic ratings demonstrate
Corporate Governance Report
Our vision is to lead with transparency and accountability, establishing the benchmark for exemplary
governance in all aspects of our operations.
your Company s continued leadership in ESG, supported by
robust environmental processes, strong governance practices
and transparent disclosures. This performance also reflects
your Company s consistent focus on embedding sustainability
and ESG considerations as a core element of its business
strategy.
CODE OF CONDUCT
Your Company s Codes of Conduct continues to serve as the
cornerstone of its governance framework, guiding expected
behaviours and ensuring adherence to ethical and responsible
business practices.
REPORTING OF COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS
Your Company confirms compliance with the Corporate
Governance provisions as prescribed under the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time
to time ( SEBI LODR Regulations ) during the financial year
ended 31st March 2026 ( year under review ) the details of
which are as set out hereunder:
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Your Company is guided by a Board of Directors ( the Board )
comprising accomplished and experienced professionals with
diverse expertise across multiple sectors. This balanced mix
of management and financial competencies enables the
Board to act in the best interests of all stakeholders.
Your Company s Board has an optimum combination of
Executive and Non-Executive Directors, ensuring effective
governance and strategic oversight. The Board is appropriately
structured and diverse, including Independent Directors
(including Women Independent Directors). The composition
of the Board of your Company is in conformity with the
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act )
and the SEBI LODR Regulations.
A. Composition of the Board
As on 31st March 2026, your Company s Board comprises of
11 Directors, out of which 6 are Independent Directors (including
4. Women Independent Directors), 3 Non-Executive Directors
(including 1 Nominee Director) and 2 Executive Directors.
THE BOARD STRUCTURE AS ON 31ST MARCH 2026
9%
Non-Executive
Director
9%
Nominee
Director
Composition of the Board
18%
Executive
Directors
55%
Independent
Directors
18%
Executive
Directors
9%
Promoter
Director
55%
Independent
Directors
Classification of Directors
27%
Non-Executive
Directors

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
36%
Women
64%
Men
9%
More than
10. Years
Gender Diversity on the Board
Gender Diversity in Independent Directors
Tenure of Board Members
Board Age Profile
45.5%
5-10 Years
67%
Women
33%
Men
27%
41 - 50 years
45.5%
0 - 5 years
27%
51 - 60 years
46%
> 60 years
Diversified & Experienced Board
The
Directors
possess
necessary
qualifications,
experience and expertise to effectively discharge their
responsibilities and provide strong leadership to the
management. In determining the Board composition, factors
such as educational background, professional experience,
gender diversity, skills and relevant knowledge are taken into
consideration.
The composition of your Company s Board represents an
optimum combination of knowledge, experience and skills from
diverse fields including manufacturing, finance, economics,
law, governance, technology, sales & marketing, etc., which
are required by the Board to discharge its responsibilities
effectively. The Directors actively engage in the deliberations
at the Board and Committee Meetings by providing valuable
guidance and expert advice to the Management on various
aspects of business, policy direction, strategy, governance,
compliance, etc. and play a critical role in strategic decision-
making and value creation.
The Board comprises a majority of Independent Directors,
with their number exceeding one half of the total Board
strength.
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Chairman of your Company, though
a Professional Director in his individual capacity, is the
Promoter and Non Executive Director.
Dr. Anish Shah, Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing
Director ( Group CEO and Managing Director ) and Mr. Rajesh
Jejurikar, Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector),
are the Whole-time Directors of your Company.
The Board includes 4 Women Independent Directors,
Ms. Shikha Sharma, Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Ms. Padmasree
Warrior and Ms. Samina Hamied, reflecting the Company s
commitment to gender diversity.
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan and Mr. Muthu Raju Paravasa Raju
Vijay Kumar ( Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar ) serve as Independent
Directors. Further, Mr. Ranjan Pant serves as a Non Executive
Director, while Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo serves as a Nominee
Director representing Life Insurance Corporation of India.
None of the Directors are inter-se related to each other.
B. Process of appointment of a Director
The appointment of Directors in your Company is
recommended
Nomination
Remuneration Committee ( GNRC ), approved by the Board
of Directors and subsequently approved by the Shareholders
in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI
LODR Regulations.
Independent Directors are appointed for a term of up to
5 consecutive years and are eligible for re appointment for a
further term of up to 5 consecutive years, subject to approval
of the Shareholders by way of a special resolution and
their continued compliance with the independence criteria
prescribed under the Act and the SEBI LODR Regulations.
Independent Directors are not liable to retire by rotation.
Whole time Directors, including the Managing Director and
Executive Director(s), are appointed for term of up to five years
as approved by the Shareholders and may be re appointed
based on the recommendation of the GNRC and the Board.
Executive Directors and Non Executive Directors (other than
Independent Directors) are liable to retire by rotation at the
Annual General Meeting in accordance with the provisions
of the Act.
C. Change in composition of the Board
during the year under review
During the year, Mr. T. N. Manoharan, Lead Independent Director
of the Company ceased to be a Director of the Company owing
to his unfortunate and untimely demise on 30th July 2025.
He was a powerful voice for upholding the highest standards
of corporate governance, ethics and transparency. His
strategic foresight, business acumen and unwavering integrity
was instrumental in shaping your Company s long-term
vision and fortifying its institutional values. The demise of
Mr. T. N. Manoharan is an irreplaceable loss to your Company.
The Board expressed its deep gratitude and placed on record
its sincere appreciation and acknowledged the valuable
contribution and guidance provided by Late Mr. T.N. Manoharan.
Further, the Board of Directors of your Company, based
on the recommendation of the GNRC, at its Meeting held
on 6th October 2025, appointed the following Independent
Directors
1.
Ms. Samina Hamied (DIN: 00027923) as an Independent
Director of the Company for a term of 5 consecutive
2030 (both days inclusive).
2.
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar (DIN: 05170323) as an Independent
Director of the Company for a term of 5 consecutive
2030 (both days inclusive).
The
aforesaid
appointments
were
approved
Shareholders of the Company by way of resolutions passed
through postal ballot on 26th November 2025.
During the year under review, none of the Independent
Directors of your Company resigned before the expiry of
their respective tenure(s).
D. Role of the Board of Directors
Your Company s Board holds a central responsibility in
upholding high standards of governance, ensuring the efficient
functioning of the organisation and driving long term value
creation for all stakeholders. The roles, duties and obligations
of the Board are clearly articulated and given its fiduciary
nature, the Board ensures that the Company operates
on strong ethical foundations and that its resources are
deployed to foster sustainable growth, stakeholder value and
a positive societal impact.
The Board is effectively supported by the management team,
enabling IT to oversee the Company s performance, provide
strategic direction, guide executive actions towards defined
objectives and maintain accountability. IT also establishes
expectations for responsible corporate conduct, promotes
transparency in business operations and ensures adherence
to applicable laws and regulatory requirements.
In fulfilling its mandate, the Board regularly reviews the
information required under the Act and the SEBI LODR
Regulations. This includes, inter-alia, consideration and approval
of the financial statements, corporate strategies, business
plans, business performance, annual budgets, major projects
and capital expenditure proposals, thereby ensuring informed
and timely decision making.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
E. Separate Role of Chairman and Managing
Director
The position of Chairman and Managing Director are held by
different individuals, where Chairman of the Board is a Non-
Executive Director.
Role of Chairman
As Non-Executive Chairman, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra serves
as a mentor and sounding board for the Managing Director
and Senior Management especially in the areas of strategic
planning, risk mitigation and external interface. He continues
to play an important role in strengthening and building Brand
Mahindra . He is available to provide feedback and counsel to
the Managing Director and Senior Management on key issues
facing the Company.
Role of Group CEO and Managing Director
As Group CEO and Managing Director, Dr. Anish Shah
plays a pivotal role in driving the Company s success by
executing strategic initiatives in alignment with the Board s
vision. Responsible for brand equity, strategic planning and
external relations, he oversees all facets of the Company s
Management. This includes achieving annual and long-term
business targets, monitoring market dynamics and identifying
growth opportunities.
In addition to leading and evaluating executive leaders, the
Group CEO and Managing Director acts as a vital link between
the Board and the Management team. He champions the
organization s vision and mission, ensuring that he guides
every aspect of operations. By building strong customer
relationships and exploring avenues for expansion and
acquisition, the Group CEO and Managing Director enhances
shareholder value and drives the Company towards its
strategic objectives.
The key responsibilities also include nurturing the Company s
reputation, fostering stakeholder relationships and upholding
corporate governance standards. By steering the organization
with vision and purpose, the Group CEO and Managing
Director drives sustainable growth and excellence across all
levels of the Company.
F. Regulatory Compliance on Board Positions
The maximum tenure of Independent Directors is in
compliance with the Act and the SEBI LODR Regulations.
All Independent Directors meet the criteria of independence
as mentioned in Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI LODR
Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Act.
Further, based on the declarations received from the Directors,
none of them holds directorships (including alternate
directorships) in more than 10 public limited companies as
prescribed under Section 165 of the Act, nor serves as a
Director in more than 7 listed entities or as an Independent
Director in more than 7 listed entities, or more than 3 listed
entities in cases where he/she serves as a Whole time
Director/Managing Director in any listed entity, as stipulated
under Regulation 17A of the SEBI LODR Regulations.
Further, as confirmed through these declarations, none of
the Directors is a member of more than 10 committees or
a chairperson of more than 5 committees across all public
limited companies in which he/she holds directorships, in
accordance with Regulation 26 of the SEBI LODR Regulations.
G. ̈́ Directors Profiles, Directorships, Committee
Memberships, Skill Matrix and other Statutory
Disclosures
Brief profile of the Board of your Company including their
category, Director Identification Number ( DIN ), areas of
expertise, number of directorships, committee positions,
shareholding and the names and categories of directorship
in the listed entities in which they serve, along with other
details as on 31st March 2026 are provided as under:
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
(DIN - 00004695)
Promoter - Chairman
Age
71 years
Date of Appointment
23rd November 1989
Date of Re-designation
12th November 2021
Tenure on Board
36 years and 4 months
Term Ending Date
Not Applicable
Shareholding
14,30,008 Equity Shares (0.11%)
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
Non-Independent Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/mr-anand-mahindra
Board of Directors as on 31st March 2026:
Dr. Anish Shah
(DIN - 02719429)
Group CEO and Managing Director
Age
56 years
Date of Appointment
1st April 2020
Date of Re-appointment
1st April 2025
Tenure on Board
6 years
Term Ending Date
31st March 2030
Shareholding
2,87,696 Equity Shares (0.02%)
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Mahindra and Mahindra Financial
Services Limited
Non-Independent Director
Mahindra Lifespace Developers
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Non-Independent Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/dr-anish-shah

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
(DIN - 00046823)
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)
Age
61 years
Date of Appointment
1st April 2020
Date of Re-appointment
1st April 2025
Tenure on Board
6 years
Term Ending Date
24th June 2029
Shareholding
1,82,309 Equity Shares (0.01%)
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: 1
Directorships in other Indian
Listed Companies
Nil
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/mr-rajesh-jejurikar
Ms. Shikha Sharma
(DIN - 00043265)
Lead Independent Director
Age
67 years
Date of Appointment
8th August 2019
Date of Re-appointment
8th August 2024 (2nd Term)
Tenure on Board
6 years and 7 months
Term Ending Date
7th August 2029
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: 3
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited
Independent Director
Tata Consumer Products Limited
Independent Director
Lead Independent Director
Piramal Finance Limited
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/shikha-sharma
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
(DIN - 00591503)
Independent Director
Age
48 years
Date of Appointment
8th August 2020
Date of Re-appointment
8th August 2025 (2nd Term)
Tenure on Board
5 years and 7 months
Term Ending Date
7th August 2030
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: 2
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
Godrej Consumer Products Limited
Executive Chairperson
Godrej Agrovet Limited
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Godrej Industries Limited
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Bharti Airtel Limited
Independent Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/nisaba-godrej
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
(DIN - 07858587)
Independent Director
Age
42 years
Date of Appointment
8th August 2020
Date of Re-appointment
8th August 2025 (2nd Term)
Tenure on Board
5 years and 7 months
Term Ending Date
7th August 2030
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: 2
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
E.I.D. Parry (India) Limited
Whole Time Director & CEO
Carborundum Universal Limited
Non-Executive, Non-Independent
Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/muthiah-murugappan

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
(DIN - 10387032)
Independent Director
Age
65 years
Date of Appointment
17th May 2024 (1st Term)
Date of Re-appointment
Not Applicable
Tenure on Board
Term Ending Date
16th May 2029
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Nil
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil
Directorships in other Indian
Listed Companies
Nil
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/padmasree-warrior
Mr. Ranjan Pant
(DIN - 00005410)
Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
Age
66 years
Date of Appointment
17th May 2024
Date of Re-appointment
Not Applicable
Tenure on Board
Term Ending Date
Not Applicable
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: 3
Member: Nil
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
Schneider Electric President
Chairman - Independent Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/ranjan-pant
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
(DIN - 10482731)
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director (Nominee of Life Insurance Corporation
of India (LIC))
Age
60 years
Date of Appointment
17th May 2024
Date of Re-appointment
Not Applicable
Tenure on Board
Term Ending Date
Not Applicable
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
IDBI Bank Limited
Nominee Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/sat-pal-bhanoo
Ms. Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00027923)
Independent Director
Age
50 years
Date of Appointment
7th October 2025 (1st Term)
Date of Re-appointment
Not Applicable
Tenure on Board
5 months
Term Ending Date
6th October 2030
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Nil
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil
Directorships in other Indian
Listed Companies
Nil
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Global Business/ Broad International Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
https://www.mahindra.com/Ms-Samina-Hamied

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes

In accordance with Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
directorships held in foreign companies, private limited companies and
companies registered under Section 8 of the Act are excluded. However,
directorships in deemed public companies are included for the purpose
of computing the limits of directorships and committee memberships.
For this purpose, only memberships in the Audit Committee and the
Stakeholders Relationship Committee are considered

The number of other directorships and committee positions excludes
those held in the Company. Committee memberships and chairpersonships
are disclosed separately and chairpersonships are not included in the total
count of committee memberships

The Company does not have any outstanding convertible instruments as
at 31st March 2026

For the purpose of reporting directorships in other Indian listed
companies, only directorships in equity listed companies are considered
Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar
(DIN - 05170323)
Independent Director
Age
56 years
Date of Appointment
7th October 2025 (1st Term)
Date of Re-appointment
Not Applicable
Tenure on Board
5 months
Term Ending Date
6th October 2030
Shareholding
Nil
Public Companies
Committee Positions held in
other Companies
Chairperson: 1
Member: 2
Directorships in other Indian Listed Companies
Designation
Wheels India Limited
Independent Director
Heritage Foods Limited
Independent Director
Areas of Expertise
Business Experience
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
Technology and Innovation
Governance and Regulatory Oversight
https://www.mahindra.com/Mr-MP-Vijay-Kumar
H. ̈́ Skills, Expertise and Competencies of the Board
Your Company s Board has identified the core skills, expertise and competencies essential for providing effective strategic
oversight and guiding your Company s long term growth. These capabilities, aligned with the nature of your Company s business
and its strategic priorities, ensure that the Board collectively possesses the experience and professional strength required to
operate efficiently and uphold the highest standards of governance.
The detailed list of these skills, expertise and competencies identified by the Board are given below:
Skills/Expertise/Competencies
Particulars
1.
Business Experience
Established leadership skills in strategic planning, succession planning, driving change and long-term
growth and guiding the Company towards its vision, mission and values.
Critically analysing complex and detailed information and developing innovative solutions and striking a
balance between agility and consistency.
2.
Global Business/ Broad International
Exposure/Emerging Markets Experience
Global mindset and staying updated on global market opportunities, experience in driving business
success in markets around the world with an understanding of diverse business environments, economic
conditions, sensitivity to cultural diversity and adaptability.
3.
Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
The Company uses various financial metrics to measure its performance. Accurate Financial Reporting
and Robust Auditing are critical to its success.
The Company expects its Directors:-
1.
To have an understanding of Finance and Financial Reporting Processes;
2.
To understand and oversee various risks facing the Company and ensure that appropriate policies
and procedures are in place to effectively manage risk.
4.
Technology and Innovation
An appreciation of emerging trends in product design and development, research, disruptions in
technology and in business models.
5.
Governance and Regulatory oversight
Devise systems for compliance with a variety of regulatory requirements, reviewing compliance and
governance practices for a long-term sustainable growth of the Company and protecting stakeholders
interest.
6.
Sales and Marketing Exposure
Ability in developing strategies to increase market share through innovation, build better brand
experience for customers, improve prospective customer engagement levels and help establish active
customers become loyal brand followers.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Matters reviewed by the Board
The Board, inter-alia, periodically reviews / approves:

Corporate strategy and business plans

Annual operating and capital expenditure budgets

Investment and exposure limits

Compliance Reports on all applicable laws, including
corrective actions for non compliance, if any

Performance review of operating divisions

Major Legal Issues, if any

Minutes of the board meetings of Company s unlisted
subsidiaries and the Minutes of the Committees of the

Significant transactions and arrangements undertaken
by the unlisted subsidiaries

Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results

Significant Labour issues, if any and its proposed
solutions

Safety and Risk Management updates

Transactions relating to acquisition or disposal of
properties

Sale or disposal of Investments

Major accounting provisions and write-offs, if any

Corporate Restructuring, joint ventures or collaboration
agreements

Instances of material default in financial obligations,
if any

Reports on fatal or serious accidents, if any

Material effluent or pollution problems, if any

Transactions that involve substantial payment towards
goodwill, brand equity or intellectual property, if any

Matters involving possible public or product liability
claims of substantial nature, including judgement or
order which may have passed strictures on the conduct
of your Company, if any

Quarterly foreign exchange exposure details, along with
management s mitigation actions

Statutory updates and other matters requiring Board
attention.
The Board sets annual performance objectives, oversees the
actions and results of the management, evaluates its own
performance, performance of its Committees and Individual
Directors on an annual basis and monitors the effectiveness
of your Company s governance practices for enhancing the
stakeholders value.
The Board closely monitors the performance of the Company
and its Management, approves the plans, reviews the
strategy and strives to achieve organisational growth. The
Board ensures statutory and ethical conduct and places high
importance on the internal financial reporting.
Governance Framework Support
Your Company has a well-established framework for the
meetings of the Board and its Committees which seeks to
systematise the decision-making process at the meetings in an
informed and efficient manner. Regular inputs and feedback
from the Board Members are sought and duly considered
while preparing the agenda and related documents for the
Board and Committee Meetings. The Board also has access
to the Members of the Management and to the Company-
related information. Apart from Board Members and the
Company Secretary, the Board and Committee meetings are
also attended by the Group Chief Financial Officer and by the
Heads of various corporate and business functions as invitees,
wherever required.
Role of Company Secretary
The Company Secretary plays a key role in ensuring that
the Board (including Committees thereof) procedures are
followed and regularly reviewed. The Company Secretary is
primarily responsible for assisting and advising the Board in
the conduct of affairs of the Company, to ensure compliance
with applicable statutory requirements, to provide guidance
to Directors, to facilitate convening of Meetings and acts
as an interface between the Management and Regulatory
Authorities for Governance related matters of the Company.
Action Tracking & Follow up
Effective follow-up on action items from Board Meetings is
essential for organisational success. These action items play
a pivotal role in guiding strategic initiatives and operational
changes. Therefore, IT is imperative to promptly distribute
these action items to relevant functional heads, accompanied
by clear directives and deadlines. An appropriate tracking
system is maintained to monitor and review action items
through to their closure.
This proactive approach fosters accountability within the
organisation and facilitates timely execution of critical tasks.
By ensuring prompt dissemination of action items, providing
clear guidance and implementing a diligent tracking process,
the organisation demonstrates a commitment to operational
excellence and the successful implementation of strategic
directives set forth by the Board.
The detailed list of above skills, expertise and competencies represented on the Board along with the name of Directors
possessing such skills/expertise/competence as on 31st March 2026, is given below:
Name of Directors
Skills/Expertise/Competencies
Business
Experience
Global Business/
Broad International
Exposure/Emerging
Markets Experience
Financial
Experience and
Risk Oversight
Technology and
Innovation
Governance
and Regulatory
oversight
Sales and
Marketing
Exposure
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra

Dr. Anish Shah

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

Ms. Padmasree Warrior

Mr. Ranjan Pant

Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo

-

Ms. Samina Hamied

-

Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar

-

-
I. Board Procedure
The Board of your Company meets periodically and at least
once every quarter to evaluate and review the Company s
financial and operational performance and provide strategic
guidance along with addressing other regulatory and
governance matters.
The Board and Committee Meetings are pre-scheduled and
a tentative annual calendar of the Board and Committee
meetings is circulated to the Directors well in advance to
facilitate effective planning and meaningful participation.
In case of special and urgent business, if the need arises,
the Board s or Committee s approval is obtained by passing
resolution(s) through circulation or by calling the Board /
Committee meetings at a shorter notice, in accordance with
the applicable law.
The notice for Board and Committee meetings is circulated
to all Directors well in advance. To facilitate informed and
effective decision making, the agenda papers along with
all relevant supporting materials such as detailed notes
and presentations, wherever applicable, are provided to the
Directors in advance of the meetings.
To support seamless access and efficient decision making, a
digital version of the agenda and accompanying presentations
is uploaded on the Board Portal, which serves as a central
repository for all meeting documents. Additionally, video
conferencing facilities are made available to enable Directors
who are unable to attend in person to participate in the
proceedings of the meetings.
To enable the Board to discharge its responsibilities effectively
and take well considered decisions, the Group CEO and
Managing Director comprehensively updates the Board at
each quarterly meeting on the overall performance of your
Company. This is followed by detailed presentation(s) from
the Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Sector
Presidents and the Group Chief Financial Officer allowing
the Board to directly engage with and seek necessary
clarifications, if any, from the core management team during
the course of the meetings.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
J. ̈́ Number of Board meetings, Attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings and at the
Annual General Meeting
During the year under review, 9 Board Meetings were held on 26th April 2025, 5th May 2025, 11th July 2025, 30th July 2025,
6th October 2025, 4th November 2025, 12th November 2025, 11th February 2026 and 31st March 2026. The Board met at least
once in every quarter and the gap between two consecutive Meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days.
The attendance of the Directors at these Meetings held during the year, are given below:
Name of Directors
26th
April
5th
May
July
July
October
4th
November
12th
November
February
March
% of Attendance
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
100%
Dr. Anish Shah
100%
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
100%
Mr. T. N. Manoharan1
100%
Ms. Shikha Sharma
100%
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
89%
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
100%
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
89%
Mr. Ranjan Pant
100%
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
78%
Ms. Samina Hamied2
100%
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar2
100%
90%
89%
100%
Date of Board Meetings and Attendance thereof
Ceased to be an Independent Director w.e.f. 30th July 2025
Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. 7th October 2025

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable
The 79th Annual General Meeting ( 79th AGM ) of the Company was held on 31st July 2025 through Video Conferencing ( VC ) /
Other Audio Visual Means ( OAVM ) and the attendance of the Directors who were on the Board as on the date of the AGM is
provided as below:
Name of Directors
AGM participation
Designation / Role at the AGM
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman
Dr. Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director and the Chairman elected for the 79th AGM
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Independent Director; Member - Governance, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and
Audit Committee
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Independent Director; Member - Governance, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Independent Director; Chairperson - Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Member - Audit
Committee
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Independent Director
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Non-Executive Director (Nominee Director)
Attended
Not Attended
As per the Act and SEBI LODR Regulations, the Chairperson
of the Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration
Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee is
required to attend the AGM to address shareholders queries.
In his/her absence, an authorised committee member may
represent them.
Mr. T.N. Manoharan, erstwhile Lead Independent Director
and Chairman of the Audit Committee and Governance,
Nomination and Remuneration Committee could not be
present at the 79th AGM of the Company held on 31st July
2025 due to his unfortunate and untimely demise on 30th July
2025. All the other members of the Audit Committee and
Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee were
present at the 79th AGM of the Company.
K. Directors seeking Re-appointment
The GNRC has been entrusted with the responsibility for
developing competency requirements for the Board, based
on the industry, strategy and vision of your Company.
The Board composition analysis reflects an in-depth
understanding of the Company including its strategies,
environment, operations, financial condition and compliance
requirements.
The GNRC advises the Board on the appointment and re-
appointment of Directors and also conducts periodic gap
analyses to refresh the Board and review potential candidates
profiles to ensure they have the required competencies. Upon
receiving the GNRC s recommendation, the Board considers
the appointment and if approved, recommends the same to
the Shareholders for their approval.
Rotation & re appointment
Mr. Ranjan Pant, Non-Executive Director and Mr. Sat Pal
Bhanoo, Non-Executive Director (Nominee of LIC), are liable
to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible for
re-appointment, have offered themselves for re-appointment
at the ensuing AGM of your Company.
The profiles of Mr. Ranjan Pant and Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo are
provided below:
Mr. Ranjan Pant
[Non-Executive Director]
Mr. Ranjan Pant is a CEO Advisor and consultant specializing
in global strategy and change management. With a tenure
spanning over three decades, he has leveraged his expertise
across diverse industries and international conglomerates.
He is a Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Honours) from
BITS, Pilani and MBA in Finance from The Wharton School,
University of Pennsylvania.
He has spearheaded the energy and utilities practice
and provided strategic advisory services at Bain & Co.,
Management Consultants. He held the position of Director of
Internal Consulting, focusing on operational excellence and
mergers & acquisitions in General Electric Company.
His key areas of expertise includes strategic planning and
capital allocation; operational oversight including post
merger integration and manufacturing productivity; corporate
governance with experience in corporate venture capital
and conglomerate center roles; human capital governance
including senior leadership transitions and CEO compensation;
and technology strategy with exposure to platform business
models and artificial intelligence initiatives.
He had contributed as a Director and Committee Member in
leading organisations, including HDFC Life Insurance Company
Limited, DSP Blackrock Investments Private Limited and
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited.
He is also an Independent Director and Chairman of
Schneider Electric President Systems Limited, Chairman and
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director of Mahindra
Accelo Limited, Mahindra Auto Steel Private Limited and
Mahindra Steel Service Centre Limited and a Director of
Point RP Consulting Private Limited (OPC) and Mahindra
Knowledge Foundation.
He serves on the Board of Governors of IIM Indore, where he
is also the Chairman of the Personnel Committee, a member
of the Governing Body of Mahindra University, Hyderabad
and is associated with the K. C. Mahindra Education Trust as
a Jury Panel Member for postgraduate scholarships.
He has completed 66 years of age.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Board Committee Memberships
Name of the Committee(s)
Position
held
1.
Mahindra &
Strategic Investment
Committee
Member
Risk Management Committee
Member
2.
Mahindra Accelo
Nomination & Remuneration
Committee
Member
3.
Mahindra Steel
Service Centre
Audit Committee
Chairman
Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
Member
Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee
Chairman
4.
Schneider Electric
President Systems
Audit and Risk Management
Committee
Chairman
Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
Chairman
Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
Member
He does not hold any Ordinary (Equity) Shares and
Non-convertible instruments of the Company.
He has not resigned as a Director from any listed entity in the
past three years.
He is not related to any other Director or Key Managerial
Personnel of the Company.
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
[Non-Executive Director - Nominee of LIC]
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo served as the Managing Director of Life
Insurance Corporation of India ( LIC ) from July 2023 to
December 2025.
He joined LIC as Special Batch Direct Recruit Officer in
October 1988. He holds a Bachelor s Degree in History
(Honors) from Himachal Pradesh University, Shimla.
He has a varied and rich marketing experience. He served LIC
in various roles as Zonal Manager (Central Zone), Additional
Director, Zonal Training Centre (Bhopal), Regional Manager
(P&IR), North Zone (Delhi). He was In-charge of Bangalore - I and
Shimla Divisions steering LIC through a challenging climate
and leading to consistent growth of business under dynamic
market conditions. Wherever he had been posted, he fostered
a culture of human resource development and empowerment,
resulting in a highly motivated and skilled workforce,
committed to the Corporation s mission and values.
As Chief (Marketing-SBA), he looked after the Marketing
portfolio of Senior Business Associates & Life Insurance
Corporation Associates as well, with a focus on revolutionizing
marketing activities and empowering them.
He is also a Nominee Director in IDBI Bank Limited and also
serves as a Chairman (Nominee Director) of Life Insurance
Corporation (LIC) of Bangladesh Limited and Chairman and
Director of LIC (Singapore) Pte Limited.
He has completed 60 years of age.
Board Committee Memberships
Name of the Committee(s)
Position
held
1.
Mahindra &
Strategic Investment
Committee
Member
He does not hold any Ordinary (Equity) Shares and Non-
convertible instruments of the Company.
He ceased to be Managing Director of Life Insurance
Corporation of India, Nominee (Associate) Director of LIC
Mutual Fund Trustee Private Limited and Director of LIC Card
Services Limited, after his retirement from the service of LIC
with effect from 31st December 2025.
However, he continues to be a Nominee Director representing
Life Insurance Corporation of India on the Board of the
He has not resigned as a Director from any listed entity in
the past three years.
He is not related to any other Director or Key Managerial
Personnel of the Company.
L. Induction and Familiarisation Programme
for Independent Directors
Your Company has established a comprehensive induction and
familiarisation programme for newly appointed Independent
Directors. This programme is meticulously designed to
familiarise the Independent Directors with their roles by
providing them with a deep understanding of the Company s
operations, strategy, procedures and regulatory environment.
Upon appointment, each Independent Director is provided
with an appointment letter along with their roles, duties
& responsibilities along with the Company s Code of
Conduct for Directors. They are taken through an induction
and familiarisation programme which, inter-alia, includes
presentations and interactive sessions with the Group CEO and
Managing Director, Executive Director, other functional heads
on the Company s manufacturing, marketing and key business
areas. The Company Secretary briefs the Independent Directors
about their legal & regulatory responsibilities as directors. The
programme also includes visits to the Company s plants and
facilities to familiarise the Independent Directors with various
aspects of manufacturing operations.
Ongoing Familiarisation
Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
the Company imparted various familiarisation programmes
for its Directors including:
-
Periodic reviews of the Company s investments at
Strategic Investment Committee meetings
-
Regulatory updates and amendments to applicable
laws and SEBI regulations at Board & Audit Committee
meetings
-
Operational & Financial Performance of the Group,
Industry outlook and business strategy discussions at
Board meetings
-
Financial performance reviews and governance updates
at Audit Committee meetings
-
Reviews of entity-level and enterprise-wide risks at Risk
Management Committee meetings
-
Updates on sustainability initiatives and corporate
social responsibility programmes at Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee meetings
-
Presentations on new product launches and business
developments at Board meetings
-
Update on various business at Strategic Investment
Committee meetings
The details of Familiarisation Programme imparted to
Independent Directors is uploaded on the Company s website
and can be accessed at: https://www.mahindra.com/investor-
relations/regulatory-filings.
M. ̈́ Board s confirmation regarding Independence
of Independent Directors
All the Independent Directors of your Company have
provided declarations and disclosures in pursuance of Section
149(7) of the Act and Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI LODR
Regulations, confirming that they fulfil the independence
criteria as specified under section 149(6) of the Act and
Regulation 16 of the SEBI LODR Regulations.
They have also confirmed that they are not aware of any
circumstance or situation, which exists or may reasonably
be anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to
discharge their duties with an objective and independent
judgement and without any external influence.
Further, the Board after taking these declarations / disclosures
on record and acknowledging the veracity of the same, has
concluded that the Independent Directors are persons of
integrity and possess the relevant expertise and experience
to qualify as Independent Directors of the Company and are
independent of the management.
N. Lead Independent Director
Mr. T. N. Manoharan served as the Lead Independent
Director from 8th August 2024 to 30th July 2025. Due to
his unfortunate and untimely demise on 30th July 2025,
Ms. Shikha Sharma was appointed as the Lead Independent
Director of the Company with effect from 6th October 2025.
The Lead Independent Director has been entrusted, inter-alia,
with the following roles and responsibilities:
Provide leadership to the Independent Directors and
act as a liaison between the Chairman of the Board
and Independent Directors without inhibiting direct
communication between them;
Ensure Board effectiveness in maintaining high-quality
governance of the Company and effective functioning of
the Board;
Convene exclusive meetings of Independent Directors,
set agenda, preside over the meetings of the Independent
Directors and provide feedback to the Chairman / Board
of Directors after such Meetings;
Preside over Meetings of the Board at which the
Chairman is not present;
Identify critical issues for the Board s consideration and
assist the Board in achieving consensus on important
issues;
vi. Communicate to the Chairman and Management, as
appropriate, any decisions, suggestions, views or concerns
expressed by Independent Directors at their Meetings or
outside of the Board Meetings;

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
vii. Play the role of a facilitator outside the Boardroom,
especially, on contentious issues;
viii. Provide candid feedback to Group CEO and Managing
Director and Group CFO post Meeting of Independent
Directors; and
ix. Lead, in coordination with the Chairman, the performance
evaluation of the Board and Individual Directors.
O. Meetings of Independent Directors
Your Company is firmly committed to upholding the highest
standards of governance and places a strong emphasis on
ensuring the independence and objectivity of the Board.
To foster this environment, the Independent Directors of
your Company meet periodically, including prior to the
scheduled Board Meetings without the presence of the
Chairman, the Group CEO and Managing Director, the
Executive Director or other Non Independent Director(s) or
any other Management Personnel.
As required under Schedule IV of the Act, these meetings are
held without the attendance of non independent directors
and members of management and are conducted to facilitate
free and open discussion among the Independent Directors
to, inter-alia, discuss matters pertaining to the review of the
performance of Non Independent Directors and the Board
of Directors as a whole; review the performance of the
Chairman of the Company (taking into account the views of
other Executive and Non Executive Directors); and assess the
quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information
between the Company s management and the Board, which is
necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform
its duties.
During the year under review, 3 meetings of Independent
Directors were held and were well attended. Upon the
conclusion of the Meetings, the Independent Directors, as
deemed appropriate, communicate any suggestions, views or
concerns to the Chairman or the Group CEO and Managing
Director.
P. Codes of Conduct
The Board of your Company has laid down 2 separate Codes
of Conduct ( Codes ), one for all the Board Members and the
other for Employees of the Company which also extends to
the Executive Directors and Senior Managerial Personnel.
The Code of Conduct for the Board Members of the Company
also includes Code for Independent Directors which is a guide
to professional conduct for Independent Directors, pursuant
to section 149(8) and Schedule IV of the Act.
These Codes set out the fundamental standards of ethical
and professional conduct required to be followed by Directors
and members of Senior Management and are uploaded on
the Company s website and can be accessed at: https://www.
The Codes are designed to promote integrity, transparency,
accountability and ethical behaviour in all aspects of the
Company s operations.
All Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed
compliance with the Code for the financial year ended
31st March 2026. A declaration to this effect signed by the
Group CEO and Managing Director forms part of this Report.
Q. Code of Conduct for Suppliers
Your Company has also developed Supplier Code of Conduct
to guide its Suppliers as to how to engage in ethical,
responsible and legal business practices in their operations
around the world. This Code is applicable to all Suppliers
i.e. domestic and international. Suppliers include suppliers,
service providers, vendors, traders, agents, consultants,
contractors, joint venture partners, third parties including
their employees, agents and other representatives, who have
a business relationship with and provide, sell, seek to sell,
any kind of goods or services to the Company. The Code
emphasises on the Suppliers of the Company to conduct
their business activities and deal on behalf of their company
with professionalism, honesty and integrity, as well as with
high moral and ethical standards. Such conduct shall be fair
and transparent and perceived to be as such by third parties.
R. CEO/CFO Certification
The Group CEO and Managing Director and Group Chief
Financial Officer of the Company have jointly provided
an annual certification on financial reporting and internal
controls to the Board and Audit Committee in terms of
Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI LODR Regulations and quarterly
certification on financial results while placing the financial
results before the Board and Audit Committee in terms of
Regulation 33(2) of the SEBI LODR Regulations.
II. SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Particulars of Senior Management Personnel ( SMP ) as on
31st March 2026
No
Name of the SMP
Designation
1.
Veejay
Ram
Nakra
President, Farm Equipment Business
2.
Mr. R. Velusamy
President, Automotive Business
3.
Mr. Ruzbeh Irani
President - Group HR
4.
Mr. Vinod Sahay
Mahindra
Aerospace,
Advanced
Technologies and Trucks & Buses
5.
Mr. K N
Vaidyanathan
EVP - Corporate Management Services &
Group Chief Internal Auditor
6.
Mr. Naveen Raju
Group General Counsel
7.
Mr. Mohit Kapoor
Group Chief Technology Officer
8.
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua Group Chief Financial Officer
9.
Mr. Puneet Renjhen
Group Chief Partnerships & Alliances Officer
10.
Ms. Abanti
Sankaranarayanan
Group Chief Public Affairs Officer
11.
Mr. Sailesh Kumar
Daga
Company Secretary
(with effect from 16th July 2025)
12.
Mr. Parag Rao
Growth Leader for Financial Services
(with effect from 27th October 2025)
Changes in SMPs since close of previous Financial Year ended
on 31st March 2025 up to 31st March 2026:
No
Name of the SMP
Particular of Changes
1.
Mr. Narayan Shankar Retired and ceased to be the Company
Secretary and Compliance Officer of the
Company with effect from close of 1st April
2.
Mr. Hemant Sikka
Ceased to be SMP of the Company with
effect from the close of 4th May 2025
consequent to his transition to a new role
within the Mahindra Group
3.
Ms. Asha Kharga
Ceased to be SMP of the Company with
effect from the close of 30th June 2025
consequent to her transition to a new role
within the Mahindra Group
4.
Ms. Divya
Mascarenhas
Served as Interim Company Secretary and
Compliance Officer of the Company from
2nd April 2025 to 15th July 2025
No
Name of the SMP
Particular of Changes
5.
Mr. Sailesh Kumar
Daga
Appointed as the Company Secretary and
Compliance Officer of the Company with
effect from 16th July 2025
6.
Mr. Parag Rao
Appointed as the Growth Leader for Financial
Services and SMP of the Company with
effect from 27th October 2025
SMPs have made necessary disclosures to the Board confirming
that there are no material financial and commercial transactions
between them and the Company which could have potential
conflict of interest with the Company at large.
III. REMUNERATION TO DIRECTORS
A. Remuneration Policy
Your company has a well-defined Compensation policy for
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and all employees. The
said Policy is uploaded on the Company s website and can
be accessed at: https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/
The Board determines the compensation to Non-Executive
Directors within the overall limits specified in the Shareholders
resolution. GNRC, while deciding the basis for determining the
compensation, both fixed and variable to the Non-Executive
including
Independent
takes
into
consideration various factors such as Director s participation
in the Board and Committee Meetings held during the year,
other responsibilities undertaken, such as Membership or
Chairmanship of the Committees, Lead Independent Director,
time spent in carrying out other duties, role and functions as
envisaged in Schedule IV of the Act and SEBI LODR Regulations
and such other factors as the GNRC deems fit.
The Non-Executive Directors are paid remuneration in the
form of Commission and sitting fees for attending the
Meetings of the Board of Directors or any Committee thereof,
as approved by the Board of Directors.
Based on the Shareholders approval, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra,
as Non-Executive Chairman of the Company is entitled to
Remuneration (by way of monthly payment) and Commission
apart from sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the
Board of Directors or any Committee thereof as approved
by the Board of Directors for Non-Executive Directors of the

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Company and also reimbursements and benefits as per the
Company s Policy with effect from 12th November 2021.
The remuneration to Group CEO and Managing Director and
Executive Director are recommended by GNRC to the Board.
The remuneration consists of both fixed compensation and
variable compensation and is paid as salary, performance
bonus, stock options, perquisites and fringe benefits as
approved by the Board and within the overall limits specified
in the Shareholders resolution. While the fixed compensation
is determined at the time of their appointment, the variable
compensation is determined annually by the GNRC based on
their performance.
The elements of remuneration package of Group CEO and
Managing Director and Executive Director includes salary,
benefits, stock options, provident fund, etc. and is decided
based on the individual performance as well as performance
of the Company, inflation, prevailing industry trends and
benchmarks.
B. ̈́ Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors
for the financial year ended 31st March
Pursuant to the approval granted by the Members of the
Company at the 69th AGM held on 7th August 2015, the eligible
Non-Executive Directors are paid commission up to a maximum
of 1% of the net profits of the Company for each financial
year, as computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of
the Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)
thereof or Rs. 38 crore in the aggregate, whichever is lower;
provided that none of such Directors shall, in any Financial
Year individually receive a portion of such remuneration more
than one quarter percent of the net profits of the Company.
Additionally, the Non-Executive Directors are eligible for sitting
fees for attending the Board and its Committee Meetings.
Further, the Shareholders of the Company at the 79th AGM
held on 31st July 2025, approved the revision in the terms
of Remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Non-Executive
Chairman of the Company for a period from 1st April 2025 to
11th November 2026, being the remainder period for which
his remuneration was earlier approved by the Shareholders
at the 75th AGM held on 6th August 2021 and thereafter
revised at 78th AGM held on 31st July 2024. Accordingly, the
Chairman is being paid Remuneration of Rs. 3.025 crore per
annum by way of monthly payment and a fixed Commission
of Rs. 3.025 crore per annum.
During the year under review, the following Non-Executive
Directors were paid a commission of Rs. 9.03 crore (provided
for in the accounts for the year ended 31st March 2025),
distributed amongst the Directors as follows:
Name of Directors
Commission for the financial
year ended 31st March 2025,
paid during the year under
review (Rs. In lakh)
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
275.00
Dr. Vishakha N. Desai1
6.90
Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta2
29.68
Mr. T.N. Manoharan
90.00
Mr. Haigreve Khaitan2
29.68
Ms. Shikha Sharma
84.00
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
84.00
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
84.00
Ms. Padmasree Warrior3
73.41
Mr. Ranjan Pant4
73.41
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo5
73.41
Ceased to be an Independent Director w.e.f. 1st May 2024
Ceased to be an Independent Director w.e.f. 8th August 2024
Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. 17th May 2024
Appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 17th May 2024
Appointed as Nominee Director representing LIC w.e.f. 17th May 2024 and Commission paid
to LIC
A Commission of Rs. 9.83 crore has been provided as payable
to the Non-Executive Directors in the accounts for the Financial
Year ended 31st March 2026.
Non-Executive Directors are also paid sitting fees of Rs. 1 lakh
each for every Meeting of the Board and Rs. 0.60 lakh each
for every Committee Meeting other than Stakeholders
Relationship Committee. The sitting fees paid for every Meeting
of Stakeholders Relationship Committee is Rs. 0.30 lakh each
for Non Executive Director. Additionally, Non-Executive Directors
are also reimbursed for expenses incurred in the performance
of their official duties, if any.
The sitting fees paid to Non-Executive Directors and the commission payable to them for the year ended 31st March 2026
are as under:
Name of Directors
Sitting Fees paid for the Board and Committee
Meetings held during the year ended
31st March 2026
(Rs. in Lakh)
Commission for the year ended 31st March 2026,
provided as payable in the accounts of the
Company for the year under review
(Rs. in Lakh)
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
12.90
302.501
Mr. T. N. Manoharan2
6.60
33.34
Ms. Shikha Sharma
22.20
95.30
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
11.30
92.40
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
18.00
92.40
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
11.00
92.40
Mr. Ranjan Pant
13.20
92.40
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
8.803
92.404
Ms. Samina Hamied5
4.60
44.55
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar5
7.00
46.00
Approved by the Shareholders at 79th AGM of the Company held on 31st July 2025
2.
Ceased to be an Independent Director w.e.f. 30th July 2025
3.
Sitting Fees of Rs. 5.60 Lakh up to 31st December 2025 was paid to LIC and thereafter Sitting Fees of Rs. 3.20 Lakh was paid to Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
4.
Commission payable to LIC
5.
Appointed as Independent Director w.e.f. 7th October 2025
The Non-Executive Directors were not granted Stock Options during the year under review.
C. ̈́ Remuneration to the Whole time Directors for the financial year ended 31st March 2026
Remuneration to the Whole-time Directors is fixed by GNRC subject to the approval of the Board of Directors and Shareholders at
a General Meeting. Below is the remuneration paid/payable to the Whole-time Directors during the year ended 31st March 2026:
Whole Time Director(s)
(Rs. in Lakh)
Duration of employment/contract
Salary
Company s
Contribution
to Funds*
Allowances
Perquisites
other than
ESOPs
Perquisites
ESOPs
Total
Dr. Anish Shah
(Group CEO and Managing Director)
2,149.59#
79.00
0.67
4,177.13
6,406.40

Appointed as Deputy Managing Director
and Group Chief Financial Officer from
1st April 2020 to 1st April 2021.

Appointed as Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer from 2nd April
2021 to 31st March 2025.

Re-appointed
Group
CEO
Managing Director from 1st April 2025
to 31st March 2030.
KPIs for Incentive Payment for
Executive Directors / Claw-Back
Clauses
50% of the Performance Pay annually payable to Dr. Anish Shah, is based on the Group Corporate Office Scorecard
comprising of Consolidated Sector Balance Scorecards, Return on Equity, Earnings Per Share, MCARES, Group Level ESG
Performance Index and such other parameters as may be decided by the Company from time to time.
ESG parameters for determining
Performance Pay

Drive global & domestic ESG /sustainability/ climate thought leadership & action for India & Mahindra Group

Drive Mahindra Group s Planet Positive strategy across all key group companies (with focus on operations, industrial
decarbonization, adaptation, etc.)

Drive diversity & inclusion programs & group wide CSR programs (Nanhi Kali, Kaabil, etc.)

Drive high standards of corporate governance & leadership in global & domestic ESG ratings

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Whole Time Director(s)
(Rs. in Lakh)
Duration of employment/contract
Salary
Company s
Contribution
to Funds*
Allowances
Perquisites
other than
ESOPs
Perquisites
ESOPs
Total
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive
Director and CEO (Auto and Farm
Sector)
1,743.53##
55.17
0.20
3,290.30
5,089.20

Appointed from 1st April 2020 to
March
Designated
Executive Director (Automotive and
Farm Sectors) up to 14th March 2023
and Re-designated as Executive Director
and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector) from
15th March 2023.

Re-appointed as Executive Director
and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector) from
1st April 2025 to 24th June 2029.
KPIs for Incentive Payment for
Executive Directors / Claw-Back
Clauses
50% of the Performance Pay annually payable to Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, is based on the Business Scorecard comprising of
Consolidated Revenue, Consolidated Profit Before Tax, Consolidated Free Cash Flow, Return on Capital Employed, MCARES,
MCAPS and such other parameters as may be decided by the Company from time to time.
ESG parameters for determining
Performance Pay

Drive initiatives to reduce direct environmental footprint in Auto & Farm Sector (Scope 1+2 emissions, water, waste &
material use)

Drive decarbonization (Scope 3 supply chain and product in use), across Auto & Farm Sector

Drive high standards of governance & ethics across Auto & Farm Sector
*
Aggregate of the Company s contributions to Superannuation Fund and Provident Fund
#
Includes Performance pay of Rs. 1,020.05 Lakh
##
Includes Performance pay of Rs. 887.91 Lakh
Notes
Notice period applicable to each of the Whole-time Director(s) is six months
Employee Stock Options and Performance Pay are the only components of remuneration that are performance linked. All other components are fixed
There is no separate provision for payment of Severance Fees
D. ̈́ Remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra,
Chairman for the financial year ended
31st March 2026
The Shareholders of your Company at the 75th AGM held
on 6th August 2021 had initially approved the terms of
remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Chairman of your
Thereafter, at the 78th AGM held on 31st July 2024, the
Shareholders considered and approved a revision in the said
terms of remuneration.
Subsequently, at the 79th AGM held on 31st July 2025, the
Shareholders further considered and approved a revision in
the terms of remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra for the
period from 1st April 2025 to 11th November 2026, being the
remaining period for which remuneration had earlier been
approved at the 75th AGM and the 78th AGM.
Further, the Shareholders at the 79th AGM also accorded
their approval for payment of remuneration to Mr. Anand G.
Mahindra for FY26, being an amount exceeding fifty percent
of the total annual remuneration payable to all the Non-
Executive Directors of the Company for FY26.
Below is the remuneration paid/payable to Mr. Anand G.
Mahindra during the year ended 31st March 2026:
Directors
(Rs. in lakh)
Remuneration
Commission
Total
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
302.50
605.00
The remuneration stated above excludes sitting fees. Further,
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra is entitled to benefits under the
Company s Special Post Retirement Benefit Scheme.
E. ̈́ Details of stock options granted to Directors and the period over which such options
accrued and are exercisable are as under:
Name of Directors (along with
their Designation) to whom Stock
Options have been granted
Date of Grant
Options granted
under 2010
Scheme
Vesting period
Exercise period
Exercise price
Dr. Anish Shah, Group CEO and
Managing Director
2nd May 2025
1,45,436
Five instalments in May 2026,
2027, 2028, 2029 & 2030
exercise period is 6 years from
Rs. 5/- per option
3rd November 2025
33,704
Three instalments in November
2026, 2027 & 2028
exercise period is 5 years from
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive
Director & CEO (Auto and Farm
Sector)
2nd May 2025
1,22,547
Five instalments in May 2026,
2027, 2028, 2029 & 2030
exercise period is 6 years from
Rs. 5/- per option
3rd November 2025
28,953
Three instalments in November
2026, 2027 & 2028
exercise period is 5 years from
Note: All relevant information on Stock options granted to Directors in previous Financial Years is accessible in the Company s earlier Annual Report(s)
IV. RISK MANAGEMENT
Your Company has a well-defined risk management
framework in place. The risk management framework works
at various levels across the Company. These levels form the
strategic defence cover of the Company s risk management.
Your Company has a robust organizational structure for
managing and reporting on risks.
Your Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee
of the Board which is authorized to monitor and review risk
management plan and risk certificate. The Committee is also
empowered, inter-alia, to review and recommend to the Board
modifications to the Risk Management Policy.
Further, the Board has constituted a Corporate Risk Council
comprising the Senior Executives of the Company. The terms
of reference of the Council include review of risks and Risk
Management Policy at periodic intervals.
Your Company has developed and implemented a Risk
Management Policy which is approved by the Board. The
Risk Management Framework of the Company includes
identification of risks, including cyber security and related
risks and also those which in the opinion of the Board may
threaten the existence of the Company. Risk management
process has been established across the Company and is
designed to identify, assess and frame a response to threats
that affect the achievement of its objectives. Further, IT is
embedded across all the major functions and revolves around
the goals and objectives of the organization.
V. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The Board Committees are pivotal in fortifying the governance
framework of the Company, addressing specific areas/
activities as mandated by applicable regulations including
the areas that concern the Company and need a closer
review, with precision and expertise. Majority of the members
constituting these Committees are Independent Directors or
the Committee(s) are chaired by an Independent Director,
thereby ensuring objectivity, integrity and transparency in
deliberations. Each Committee operates under a Charter
or Terms of Reference which provide for its scope, powers,
duties and responsibilities.
The Chairperson of the respective Committees apprises the
Board on the key discussions held in the respective Committee
Meetings. The Minutes of the Meeting of all Committees are
presented before the Board for its review and noting.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
During the year under review, all recommendations of the
Committees of the Board which were mandatorily required have
been accepted by the Board ensuring that every crucial aspect
brought forth by the respective Committees is meticulously
considered, reinforcing the governance practices of the Company.
Your Company has 6 Board constituted Committees which
comprise of 5 Statutory Committees and 1 Non-mandatory
(Voluntary) Committee. The composition of the Statutory
Committees is in line with the applicable provisions of the
Act and SEBI LODR Regulations.
The Details of these Committees as on 31st March 2026 are as set out hereunder:
Chairperson
Members
* Voluntary Committee
Board Committees
Stakeholders
Relationship Committee
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Ms. Samina Hamied
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar
Dr. Anish Shah
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Risk Management
Committee
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Strategic Investment
Committee*
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Dr. Anish Shah
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Audit Committee
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Ms. Samina Hamied
Governance, Nomination
and Remuneration
Committee
A. Audit Committee
Committee Composition
Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar (Chairman of the Committee), Ms. Shikha
Sharma and Mr. Muthiah Murugappan. All the Members of the
Committee are Independent Directors and possess strong
accounting and financial management knowledge.
the erstwhile Chairman of the Committee, on 30th July 2025
and inducted Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar as the Chairman of the
Committee with effect from 7th October 2025.
Further, the Meetings of the Audit Committee are also
attended by the Chairman, the Group CEO and Managing
Director, Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector),
Group Chief Financial Officer, the Statutory Auditors, the
Group Chief Internal Auditor, the Chief Financial Officer of
Auto and Farm Sector and the Controller of Accounts.
Key Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of this Committee are very wide and
are in line with the regulatory requirements as mandated
by the Act and Part C of Schedule II of the SEBI LODR
Regulations.
Besides having access to all the required information
within the Company, the Committee can obtain external
professional advice whenever required. The Committee
acts as a link between the Statutory and the Internal
Auditors and the Board of Directors of the Company. IT is
authorised to, inter-alia, review and monitor the Auditor s
independence and performance, scope and effectiveness
of audit process, oversight of the Company s financial
reporting process and the disclosure of its financial
information, review with the management the quarterly
and annual financial statements and auditor s report
before submission to the Board for approval, select and
establish accounting policies, review Reports of the
Statutory and the Internal Auditors and meet with them
to discuss their findings, suggestions and other related
matters, their independence on quarterly basis, review of
Non-Audit Services rendered by the Statutory Auditors, to
consider and grant prior approval for the related party
transactions including material related party transactions
in terms of Regulation 23 read with Regulation 2(1)(zc)
and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
granting omnibus approvals for related party transactions
subject to fulfilment of certain conditions and quarterly
reviews thereof, approve transaction(s) of the Company or
any Subsidiaries of the Company on one hand and any
other person or entity on the other hand, the purpose
and effect of which is to benefit a related party of the
Company or any Subsidiaries of the Company.
The Committee is also authorised to scrutinise intercorporate
loans and investments, valuation of undertakings or assets
of the Company, review the risk assessment and minimisation
procedures, evaluate internal financial controls and risk
management systems, monitor end use of the funds raised
through public offers and related matters, review the
utilisation of loans and / or advances from / investment by
the Company in the subsidiary companies exceeding Rs. 100
crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is
lower including existing loans / advances / investments and
review compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015
( SEBI PIT Regulations ) at least once in a financial year and
verify that the systems for internal control are adequate and
are operating effectively.
The Committee is also empowered to, inter-alia, recommend
to the Board, the remuneration payable to the Statutory
Auditors, availing of such other permitted services from
the Auditors and to recommend a change in the Auditors,
if felt necessary. Further, the Committee is empowered to
recommend to the Board, the appointment of Chief Financial
Officer, the term of appointment and remuneration of the
Cost Auditor, Secretarial Auditor, Internal Auditor, etc.,
review the functioning of the Whistle-blower Policy / Vigil
Mechanism, to consider and comment on rationale, cost
benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,
amalgamation, etc., on the Company and its Shareholders.
The Committee also reviews Financial Statements and
Investments of unlisted subsidiary companies, Management
Discussion & Analysis of financial condition and results
of operations, review the report submitted by monitoring
agency for the utilization of proceeds of preferential issue
or qualified institutions placement in addition to public
issue or rights issue, etc.
The Audit Committee has been granted powers as prescribed
under Regulation 18(2)(c) of the SEBI LODR Regulations
and reviews all the information as prescribed in Part C of
Schedule II of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The Committee
also reviews the Report on compliance under Code of
Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading adopted by the
Company pursuant to PIT Regulations. Further, Compliance
Reports under the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
and Whistle-blower Policy are also presented before the
Committee.
As per Regulation 18(1)(d) of SEBI LODR Regulations and
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings, the Chairperson
of the Committee shall attend the General Meetings of the
Company. In his/her absence, the Chairperson may authorise
any other Member of the Committee in this behalf to attend
the General Meetings.
Pursuant to unfortunate and untimely demise on 30th July
2025, Mr. T. N. Manoharan, erstwhile Chairman of the
Committee could not be present at the 79th AGM of your
Company ( 79th AGM ) held through Video Conferencing
facility on 31st July 2025. However, Ms. Shikha Sharma and
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan, other Members of the Committee,
were virtually present at the 79th AGM to address the
Shareholders queries, if any, pertaining to Annual Accounts
required, are also passed by the Members. Subsequently, these
Circular Resolution(s) are noted in the Meeting held after the date
on which the Circular Resolution(s) are passed by the Members.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

100%

100%
Independence
Members
Meetings
Average Attendance
Attendance at the Meetings
The Committee met 9 times during the year under review on 26th April 2025, 2nd & 5th May 2025, 11th July 2025, 30th July
2025, 3rd November 2025, 12th November 2025, 10th February 2026, 13th March 2026 and 31st March 2026. The gap between
two Meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:
Name of Directors
26th
April
2nd & 5th
May
20251
July
July
November
12th
November
February
13th
March
March
% of Attendance
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar (Chairman)2
100%
Mr. T. N. Manoharan
(Erstwhile Chairman)3
100%
Ms. Shikha Sharma4
100%
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
100%
Date of Audit Committee Meetings and Attendance thereof
The meeting held on 2nd May 2025 was adjourned to 5th May 2025 to transact the remaining agenda items
Inducted as Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. 7th October 2025
Ceased to be a Member and Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. 30th July 2025
Elected as Chairperson for the meeting dated 30th July 2025

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable
Audit Committee Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2026
Frequency
Reviewed Quarterly, Half yearly and Annual Standalone and Consolidated Financial results/statements of the Company prepared in
accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as specified under the Act read with the relevant rules thereunder
Q / A
Held discussions with the Statutory Auditors regarding the Company s financial statements, scope of their Reports and sought the
auditors judgment on the quality and applicability of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, the
adequacy of disclosures in the financial statements and other matters as the Committee deemed necessary
Q
Considered and recommended to the Board the Audit Fees and Fees payable for other services rendered by the Statutory Auditors
during the year under review
A
Considered and made recommendation on the Remuneration payable to the Group Chief Internal Auditor and Group Chief Financial
Officer of the Company
A
Reviewed the performance of the Statutory Auditors and Group Chief Internal Auditor
A / E
Reviewed with auditors, the nature and scope of the audit along with the review of audit engagement to ascertain adequacy and
appropriateness
E
Reviewed the Management Discussion and Analysis of the financial performance with respect to operations of the Company
A
Reviewed the matters required to be included in Directors Responsibility Statement
A
Reviewed the internal audit findings, the action taken status and other matters concerning the internal audit function of the Company
and the Group
Q
Considered and recommended to the Board appointment of Secretarial Auditors with effect from 1st April 2025 for a term of 5 (five)
consecutive years up to 31st March 2030 for conducting the Secretarial Audit of the Company and remuneration payable to them.
E
Frequency: A Annually Q Quarterly E Event-Based
Frequency
Reviewed the utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment by the Company in the subsidiaries exceeding Rs. 100 crores or 10%
of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower
Q
Reviewed and granted prior approval for transactions with related parties including material related party transactions in terms of
Regulation 23 read with Regulation 2(1)(zc) and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, approved specific arrangements/
transactions, granted omnibus approval for transactions proposed to be entered with related parties, within the maximum limit per
transaction and maximum limit in the aggregate, granted omnibus approval to cover unforeseen related party transactions and
reviewed related party transactions entered into by the Company for previous quarter pursuant to the prior and omnibus approvals
accorded by the Committee and recommended to the Board for onward recommendation to the Shareholders for approval as and
when necessary.
Q / A
Reviewed the risk assessment and minimisation procedures to ensure that Executive Management controls risk through means of a
properly defined framework and risk management systems, etc.
Q
Reviewed the Audited financial statements, in particular the investments made by all unlisted subsidiary companies and all significant
transactions and arrangements entered into by unlisted subsidiary companies
A
Approved the other services proposed to be rendered by the Statutory Auditors, directly or indirectly
A / E
Noted the Material Subsidiary(ies) of the Company
A
Monitored and reviewed the mechanism to track the compliances under SEBI PIT Regulations and also reviewed the compliance
updates in addition to the investigations of the Whistle-blower Complaints received along with Report under the Sexual Harassment
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
Q
Considered and approved the appointment of Cost Auditors, remuneration payable to them and the Cost Audit Report and recommended
the same to the Board
A
Held meeting with the Representatives of the Credit Rating Agencies which have rated the Non-Convertible Debentures issued by the
A
Reviewed compliance of SEBI PIT Regulations and Systems for Internal Controls for prevention of Insider Trading
A
Considered and Approved amendments to the Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions of the Company
pursuant to notification of the RPT Industry Standards and amendments in SEBI LODR Regulations
E
Considered, approved and recommended to the Board, amendment to the following policies pursuant to Amendments to SEBI PIT
Regulations

Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information;

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading;

Policy on Insider Trading; and

Indicative Guidelines for Determining Materiality Thresholds for Closure of Trading Window
E
Considered, approved and recommended to the Board amendment in the Policy for Determination of Materiality for Disclosure of
Events or Information' and Indicative Guidelines framed thereunder, pursuant to notification of the Industry Standards Note on
Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations
E
Noted the amendments pertaining to the Industry Standards on Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and
Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions ( RPT Industry Standards )
E
Considered, approved and recommended to the Board revised Risk Management Policy (Enterprise Risk Management Policy) of the
E
Noted the NFRA Circular pertaining to Effective Communication between Statutory Auditors and Those Charged with Governance
(TCWG)
E
Frequency: A Annually Q Quarterly E Event-Based

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
B. ̈́ Governance, Nomination and Remuneration
Committee ( GNRC )
Committee Composition
This Committee comprises of the following Directors
viz. Ms. Shikha Sharma (Chairperson of the Committee),
Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Mr. Muthiah Murugappan and Ms. Samina
Hamied. All the Members of the Committee are Independent
Directors. The Chairman of your Company, Group CEO and
Managing Director and Group Chief Human Resources Officer,
are permanent invitees to the Committee.
the erstwhile Chairman of the Committee, on 30th July
2025. Accordingly, Ms. Shikha Sharma was appointed as the
Chairperson and Mr. Muthiah Murugappan was inducted as a
Member of the Committee with effect from 7th October 2025.
Further, the Board at its Meeting held on 11th February 2026
inducted Ms. Samina Hamied as a Member of the Committee
with effect from 11th February 2026.
Key Terms of Reference
The Committee has been vested with the authority to,
inter-alia, recommend nominations for Board Membership,
develop and recommend Policies with respect to composition
of the Board commensurate with the size, nature of the
business and operations of the Company, establish criteria
for selection to the Board with respect to the competencies,
qualifications, experience, track record, integrity, establish
Director retirement policies and appropriate succession plans
and determine overall compensation policies of the Company.
The terms of reference of this Committee are aligned with
the Act and SEBI LODR Regulations.
Further, the Committee also functions as Compensation
Committee as mandated under the SEBI (Share Based
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and
responsible for formulation, administration and supervision
of schemes. The Committee administers the Company s
Employee Stock Option Schemes formulated from time
to time and takes appropriate decisions in terms of the
concerned Scheme(s).
The scope of the Committee, inter-alia, includes review of
market practices and deciding on remuneration packages
applicable to the Chairman, Managing Director, the Executive
Director(s), Presidents and other Members of Senior
Management as may be decided from time to time (including
the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary).
In addition to the above, the Committee s role includes
identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and
who may be appointed in Senior Management in accordance
with the criteria laid down, recommending to the Board their
appointment and removal and carrying out evaluation of
every Director s performance.
The Committee has also formulated the criteria for determining
qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a
director and recommended to the Board a Policy relating to
the remuneration for the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel
and other Employees. The said policy is uploaded on the
Company s website and can be accessed at: https://www.
The
Committee
undertaken
structured
comprehensive succession planning program over a period
of time and has carried out a rigorous review for an orderly
Succession to the Board and the Senior Management.
The Committee carries out a separate exercise to evaluate the
performance of Individual Directors. Feedback is sought by way
of structured questionnaires covering various aspects of the
Board s functioning such as adequacy of time spent on strategic
issues, effectiveness of Governance practices, setting corporate
culture and values, execution and performance of specific duties,
obligations and governance. The performance evaluation is
carried out based on the responses received from the Directors.
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was
based on various criteria, inter-alia, including attendance
at Board and Committee Meetings, skill, experience, ability
to challenge views of others in a constructive manner,
knowledge acquired with regard to the Company s business,
understanding of industry and global trends, ability to
maintain independence, etc.
Performance Evaluation indicators for Independent Directors
include contributing to and monitoring Corporate Governance
Practices, introduce International Best Practices to address
Business Challenges and Risks and Participation in Long
Term Strategic Planning.
The Committee has deployed a questionnaire as a
methodology which is effective for evaluation of performance
of Board, its Committees and Individual Directors as a whole.
Where a director renders services in a professional capacity,
the Committee is empowered to determine whether such
director possesses the requisite qualifications to practice
such profession.
As per section 178(7) of the Act, Regulation 19(3) of SEBI
LODR Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General
Meetings, the Chairperson of the Committee shall attend
the General Meetings of the Company. In his/her absence,
the Chairperson may authorise any other Member of the
Committee in this behalf to attend the General Meetings.
Pursuant
unfortunate
untimely
demise
30th July 2025, Mr. T. N. Manoharan, erstwhile Chairman
of the Committee could not be present at the 79th AGM
held through Video Conferencing facility on 31st July 2025.
However, Ms. Shikha Sharma and Ms. Nisaba Godrej, other
Members of the Committee, were virtually present at the
79th AGM to address the Shareholders queries, if any.

100%
89%
Independence
Members
Meetings
Average Attendance
Attendance at the Meetings
The Committee met 6 times during the year under review on 2nd May 2025, 11th July 2025, 30th July 2025, 6th October 2025,
3rd November 2025 and 10th February 2026. The gap between two Meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days.
The attendance at the Meetings was as under:
Name of Directors
May
July
July
October
November
February
% of Attendance
Ms. Shikha Sharma (Chairperson)1
100%
Mr. T. N. Manoharan
(Erstwhile Chairman)2
100%
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
67%
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan3
100%
Ms. Samina Hamied4
N.A.
67%
100%
Date of Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meetings and Attendance thereof
Served as Member of the Committee till 6th October 2025 and appointed as the Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. 7th October 2025. She was also elected as Chairperson for the meetings dated 30th July 2025
and 6th October 2025
2 Ceased to be a Member and Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. 30th July 2025
Inducted as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. 7th October 2025
Inducted as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. 11th February 2026

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable
Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2026:
Frequency
Finalisation of the process of evaluation, carrying out evaluation of the performance of the Board, its Committees, Directors, Chairman,
Group CEO and Managing Director and Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector) of the Company and mapping of chart /
matrix of core skill/ expertise/ competencies of the Board
A
Recommended to the Board revision in remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company with effect
from 1st April 2025 up to 11th November 2026, being the remainder period for which his remuneration was earlier approved by
Members at the 75th & 78th Annual General Meeting, respectively and approval under Regulation 17(6)(ca) of SEBI LODR Regulations
for onward recommendation to the Shareholders
A / E
Frequency: A Annually E Event-Based

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Frequency
Approved and recommended to the Board for onward recommendation to the Shareholders, the appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej
(DIN: 00591503) and Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (DIN: 07858587) as Independent Directors of the Company for a second term of 5 (five)
consecutive years commencing from 8th August 2025 to 7th August 2030 (both days inclusive)
E
Approved and recommended to the Board amendments to the Policy on Gifts and Entertainment
E
Grant of Stock Options to the Eligible Employees under the Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2010, grant
of Stock Options to members of Senior Management and cancellation of Stock Options in certain cases
A / E
Vesting of unvested Stock Options of an Employee under Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2010 upon
early retirement
E
Noted cessation of Ms. Divya Mascarenhas, Interim Company Secretary of the Company with effect from close of 15th July 2025 and her
consequent cessation as the Compliance Officer of the Company under SEBI LODR Regulations and as Key Managerial Personnel and
Senior Management Personnel
E
Approved and recommended to the Board the appointment of Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga, as Company Secretary of the Company and
Compliance Officer under SEBI LODR Regulations, who would also be Key Managerial Personnel and part of Senior Management of the
Company with effect from 16th July 2025
E
Approved and recommended to the Board revision in remuneration and Performance Pay to be paid to the Wholetime Directors for the
FY25
A
Approved and recommended to the Board the appointment of individuals into Senior Management and remuneration payable to them
E
Approved and recommended to the Board revision in Remuneration to be paid to Senior Management
A / E
Approved and recommended to the Board for onward recommendation to the Shareholders, the appointment of Ms. Samina Hamied
(DIN: 00027923) and Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar (DIN: 05170323) as Independent Directors of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive
years with effect from 7th October 2025 to 6th October 2030 (both days inclusive)
E
Frequency: A Annually E Event-Based
C. Stakeholders Relationship Committee ( SRC )
Committee Composition
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Anand
G. Mahindra and Ms. Nisaba Godrej. Majority of the Members of
the Committee comprises of Independent Directors.
The Company Secretary of the Company is the Compliance
Officer of the Company under SEBI LODR Regulations and is
also the Secretary to the Committee.
During the year under review, Mr. Narayan Shankar, erstwhile
Company Secretary was the Compliance Officer of the
Company. Post his retirement with effect from close of
1st April 2025, Ms. Divya Mascarenhas served as an Interim
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company
from 2nd April 2025 up to close of 15th July 2025.
Subsequently, with effect from 16th July 2025, Mr. Sailesh
Kumar Daga was appointed as the Company Secretary and
Compliance Officer of the Company under the SEBI LODR
Regulations.
Key Terms of Reference
The Committee meets, as and when required, to, inter-alia,
deal with matters relating to issue of Letter of Confirmation
in case of loss of share certificates, issue of new share
certificates (including for transfer to Investor Education &
Protection Fund as per the provisions of the Act and Rules
framed thereunder), resolve the grievances of securities
holders of the Company including complaints related to
dematerialisation of shares, non-receipt of annual report,
non-receipt of declared dividends, etc., review of measures
taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders,
review of adherence to the service standards adopted
by the Company in respect of services being rendered by
the Registrar to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent, review
of various measures and initiatives taken by the Company
for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/demand drafts/
annual reports/statutory notices by the Shareholders of the
Company. With a view to expedite the process of transmission,
necessary authority has been delegated to certain officers
of the Company. The Committee is, inter-alia, authorised to
approve the requests for transmission of shares and issue of
duplicate share certificates.
The role and terms of reference of the Committee cover the
areas as contemplated under Regulation 20 read with Part D
of Schedule II of the SEBI LODR Regulations and Section 178
of the Act, as applicable, besides other terms as referred by
the Board of Directors.
As per section 178(7) of the Act, Regulation 20(3) of SEBI
LODR Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General
Meetings, the Chairperson of the Committee shall attend
the General Meetings of the Company. In his/her absence,
the Chairperson may authorise any other Member of the
Committee in this behalf to attend the General Meetings.
The Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
was virtually present at the 79th AGM of the Company held
through Video Conferencing facility on 31st July 2025 to
address the Shareholder s queries, if any.

67%
83%
Independence
Members
Meetings
Average Attendance
Attendance at the Meetings
The Committee met 4 times during the year under review on 2nd May 2025, 30th July 2025, 3rd November 2025 and
10th February 2026. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:
Name of Directors
May
July
November
February
% of Attendance
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (Chairman)
100%
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
75%
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
75%
67%
100%
67%
Date of Stakeholders Relationship Committee Meetings and Attendance thereof

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable
Stakeholders Relationship Committee Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2026:
Frequency
Reviewed compliances related to Share Transfer Agent activities of KFin Technologies Limited and Investor Related Compliances
Q
Reviewed Investor Grievances
Q
Approved issuance of new share certificate for transfer of shares to Investor Education and Protection Fund ( IEPF ), approved transfer
of shares to IEPF and related matters
A
Reviewed measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by Shareholders
A
Reviewed various initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of
dividend/ annual reports/ statutory notices by the Shareholders of the Company
A
Reviewed adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar
to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent
A
Frequency: A Annually Q Quarterly E Event-Based

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Frequency
Noted release of shares from Mahindra & Mahindra Limited - Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account
Q
Noted transfer of shares to Mahindra & Mahindra Limited - Suspense Escrow Demat Account
Q
Noted status of Legal Case(s) pertaining to Shares
Q
Noted status of various accounts relating to payment of investor dues
Q
Noted the annual audit report submitted by the Independent Auditors on the Annual Internal Audit conducted on the RTA operations
as mandated by SEBI
A
Approved issue of Letter of Confirmation in case of loss of share certificates
E
Noted Status of Debentures and unclaimed Dividend
Q
Reviewed investor engagement plans/ initiatives, movement in shareholdings and ownership structure to the Committee.
A
Frequency: A Annually Q Quarterly E Event-Based
Details of Shareholders / Investors Complaints
During the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026,
129 complaints were received from Shareholders, which
have been attended/resolved to the satisfaction of the
Shareholders.
Details
received
attended
during
FY 2025-26 are given below:
Details of Investor Complaints
No. of
1.
No. of Investor Complaints pending at the beginning
of the year
2.
No. of Investor Complaints received during the year
under review
3.
No. of Investor Complaints resolved during the year
under review
4.
Complaints not solved to the satisfaction of
shareholders during the year
5.
No. of Investor Complaints Unresolved at the end of
1*
* Such complaint was pending as on 31st March 2026 due to receipt of complaint to RTA
through SCORES portal on 30th March 2026, however the same has been resolved to
the satisfaction of shareholder as on date of this report
Your Company has taken adequate measures to resolve
the complaints of the Shareholders. In order to expedite
the process of redressal of shareholders grievances, your
Company has introduced an escalation matrix, which can
be accessed in the Governance section of the Company s
website
https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/
D. Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR )
Committee
Committee Composition
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (Chairman of the Committee),
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Dr. Anish Shah and Ms. Padmasree
Warrior. Out of the total number of Members of the
Committee, two Members are Independent Directors including
the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Muthiah Murugappan.
Further, the Meetings of the CSR Committee are also
attended by the Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm
Sector), Group Chief Financial Officer, Group Chief Human
Resources Officer, Head of Corporate Social Responsibility,
In-charge of Business Sustainability function.
Key Terms of Reference
The Committee has been constituted by the Board and is,
inter-alia, empowered to make contributions to charitable
and/or CSR projects or programmes. Such initiatives may
be implemented directly through the Company s Employee
Social Options Programme or through implementing partners,
including a company established under section 8 of the Act
or a registered public trust or a registered society exempted
or registered and approved under Income Tax Act, 1961
established by the company or company established under
section 8 of the Act or a registered trust or a registered society
established by the Central Government or State Government
or any entity established under an Act of Parliament or a
State legislature or a registered public trust or a registered
society exempted or registered and approved and having an
established track record of at least three years in undertaking
similar activities.
The Committee shall ensure that such contributions amount to
at least two percent of the Company s average net profits of
the three immediately preceding financial years, in accordance
with the Company s CSR Policy.
The scope of functions of the Committee, inter-alia, includes
formulation and recommendation to the Board, an Annual Action
Plan in pursuance of CSR Policy of the Company including CSR
projects or programmes that are approved to be undertaken,
manner of execution of such projects or programmes,
modalities of utilisation of funds and implementation
schedule(s), monitoring and reporting mechanism, need and
impact assessment, if any, for the projects undertaken by the
Company, recommendation of the amount of expenditure to be
incurred on the CSR activities as enumerated in Schedule VII of
the Act and also referred to in the CSR Policy of the Company,
as also to monitor the CSR Policy from time to time, etc.
Pursuant to the commitment of the Company towards
sustainable business practices and the increasing adaptability
of Environment, Social and Governance ( ESG ) framework by
all companies, the terms of reference of the CSR Committee,
inter-alia, also include the following:

Recommend to the Board, the Company s overall general
strategy with respect to ESG matters;

Ensure ESG and social considerations in the Company s
business operations and build a culture of Sustainable
Business;

Ensure compliance with the Sustainability initiatives
by Regulators including but not limited to Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report and recommend
the same to the Board;

Monitor and ensure the effective implementation of
ESG policies of the Company and recommend changes/
deletions/ additions/ new ESG/ Sustainability policies to
the Board for its approval;

Ensure compliance in relation to the policies created
for or linked to the 9 key principles of the National
Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and
Economic Responsibilities of Business ;

Ensure in concurrence with the Risk Management
Committee that the ESG risks pertaining to the Company
are minimal and effectively managed.
The CSR Policy of your Company, in alignment with the CSR
provisions is uploaded on the Company s website and can
be accessed at: https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/

50%
Independence
Members
Meetings
Average Attendance
Attendance at the Meetings
The Committee met 2 times during the year under review on 2nd May 2025 and 10th February 2026. The attendance at the
Meetings was as under:
Name of Directors
May
February
% of Attendance
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (Chairman)
100%
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
-
Dr. Anish Shah
100%
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
-
50%
Date of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Meetings and Attendance thereof

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
CSR Committee Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2026:
Frequency
Review and recommended to the Board, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report and Corporate Social Responsibility Report
of the Company for the Financial Year 2024-25 for approval and inclusion in the Annual Report of the Company
A
Reviewed the Impact Assessment Studies for projects that qualified for Impact Assessment during FY 2024-25 and noting of projects
qualifying for Impact Assessment during FY 2025-26.
A
Reviewed the Company s Business Responsibility and Sustainability Performance of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26
P
Reviewed and approved revised CSR Budget and amendment to the Annual Action Plan for the Financial Year 2025-26 and
recommended the same to the Board
A / E
Reviewed and approved amendment in the CSR Policy including approval of the updated annexure to the CSR Policy pertaining to the
CSR Projects undertaken by the Company in the Financial Year 2025-26 and recommended the same to the Board
A / E
Considered and approved CSR Budget and the Annual Action Plan for the Financial Year 2026-27 and recommended the same to the
Board
A
Considered, approved and recommended to the Board for its approval classification of a CSR project as an Ongoing CSR project and
Opening of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account
E
Reviewed the projects and programs under Corporate Social Responsibility Projects of the Company and CSR Project wise Expenditure
for Financial Year 2025-26 including the status of utilization of fund(s) by the Implementing Agencies for the Financial Year
P
Frequency: A Annually P Periodically E Event-Based
E. Risk Management Committee ( RMC )
Committee Composition
Ms. Shikha Sharma (Chairperson of the Committee), Dr. Anish
Shah, Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Mr. Ranjan Pant, Ms. Samina
Hamied and Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar. Further, the Meetings of
the Committee are also attended by Chief Risk Officer, Group
Chief Financial Officer and Group Chief Internal Auditor. The
Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
the erstwhile Chairman of the Committee, on 30th July 2025
and appointed Ms. Shikha Sharma as the Chairperson of the
Committee and inducted Ms. Samina Hamied as a Member of
the Committee with effect from 7th October 2025.
Further, the Board at its Meeting held on 11th February 2026
inducted Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar as a Member of the Committee
with effect from 11th February 2026.
Key Terms of Reference
The terms of the reference of RMC are wide and are in
line with the regulatory requirements of the SEBI LODR
Regulations and inter-alia, includes:
1.
Formulation of a detailed Risk Management Policy, which
shall include:

Framework for identification of internal and
external risks specifically faced by the Company, in
particular including financial, operational, sectoral,
Sustainability
(particularly,
ESG
related
risks),
information, cyber security risks or any other risk
as may be determined by RMC;

Measures for risk mitigation including systems and
processes for internal control of identified risks; and

Business continuity plan.
2.
Ensuring that appropriate methodology, processes and
systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks
associated with the business of the Company.
3.
Monitoring and overseeing implementation of the Risk
Management Policy, including evaluating the adequacy
of Risk Management Systems.
4.
Periodically reviewing the Risk Management Policy (at
least once in two years) including by considering the
changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity.
5.
Keeping the Board of Directors informed about the
nature and content of its discussions, recommendations
and actions to be taken.
6.
Reviewing the appointment, removal and terms of
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any).
50%
100%
Independence
Members
Meetings
Average Attendance
Attendance at the Meetings
The Committee met twice during the year under review on 30th July 2025 and 10th February 2026. The gap between two
Meetings did not exceed two hundred and ten days. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:
Name of Directors
July
February
% of Attendance
Ms. Shikha Sharma (Chairperson)1
100%
Mr. T. N. Manoharan (Erstwhile Chairman) 2
N. A.
Dr. Anish Shah
100%
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
100%
Mr. Ranjan Pant
100%
Ms. Samina Hamied3
100%
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar4
N. A.
100%
Date of Risk Management Committee Meetings and Attendance thereof

Member of the Committee up to 6th October 2025 and appointed as the Chairperson w.e.f. 7th October 2025. She was also elected as the Chairperson of the meeting held on 30th July 2025
Ceased to be a Member and Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. 30th July 2025
Inducted as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. 7th October 2025
Inducted as Member of the Committee w.e.f. 11th February 2026

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable
Risk Management Committee Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2026:
Frequency
Reviewed the Risk Certificate covering risk management measures and controls and made recommendation to the Audit Committee
and the Board
P
Noting of potential Risks for the upcoming Financial Year, Risk Mitigation Measures as prescribed under the Risk Management Policy
along with Extreme Risks their impact, likelihood and exposure, Risk Scorecard, Cyber Security Risks, Reputation Risk, Governance &
Controllership, etc.
P
Reviewed the appointment of the Chief Risk Officer of the Company
E
Considered, approved and recommended the Revised Risk Management Policy (Enterprise Risk Management Policy) of the Company
to the Audit Committee for its consideration and onward recommendation to the Board
E
Frequency P Periodically E Event-Based

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
F. Strategic Investment Committee
Committee Composition
This Strategic Investment Committee is a Non-mandatory
(Voluntary) Committee of your Company and comprises of
the following Directors viz. Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (Chairman
of the Committee), Ms. Shikha Sharma, Mr. Ranjan Pant,
Ms. Padmasree Warrior and Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo. Apart from
the Committee Members, the Committee Meetings are also
invariably attended by the other Directors as Invitees.
During the year under review, Mr. T.N. Manoharan ceased to
be a Member of the Committee due to his unfortunate and
untimely demise on 30th July 2025.
Key Terms of Reference
This Committee is constituted by the Board with powers,
inter-alia, to evaluate, scrutinize and consider all proposals
for funding including but not limited to making Investment
in, providing Loan to, providing Guarantee for any Subsidiary,
Associate, Joint Venture, Trust, Entity, any other company
or Body Corporate, business acquisitions where Cumulative
exposure in such entity is above the specified threshold and
make appropriate recommendations to the Board, operation
reviews for such Subsidiary, Associate, Joint Venture, Trust,
Entity, any other company or Body Corporate, evaluate,
scrutinise and approve disinvestments (total or partial) / exit
from such Subsidiary, Associate, Joint Venture, Trust, Entity,
any other company or Body Corporate, approve Merger or De-
Merger or Arrangement within Group companies as specified,
approve entry into new industries (greenfield, acquisition of
majority stake or path to majority), etc.
Apart from the Meetings, Circular Resolution(s) are also
passed by the Members. Subsequently, these Circular
Resolution(s) are noted in the Meeting held after the date on
which the Circular Resolution(s) are passed by the Members.
40%
93%
Independence
Members
Meetings
Average Attendance
Attendance at the Meetings
The Committee met five times during the year under review on 2nd May 2025, 30th July 2025, 3rd November 2025, 10th February
2026 and 31st March 2026. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:
Name of Directors
May
July
November
February
March
% of Attendance
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (Chairman)
100%
Mr. T. N. Manoharan1
100%
Ms. Shikha Sharma
100%
Mr. Ranjan Pant
100%
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
100%
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
60%
83%
80%
100%

Date of Strategic Investment Committee Meetings and Attendance thereof

Ceased to be a Member of the Committee w.e.f. 30th July 2025

Attended
Leave of Absence
Not applicable
Strategic Investment Committee Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2026:
Frequency
Recommended to the Board significant investments/divestment/financial assistance to be made/given by the Company and taking note
of outstanding debt, if any
E
Considered, approved and granted in-principle approval for divestment/dilution of stake in the Subsidiaries/Associates of the Company
and other investment of the Company
E
Considered, approved and recommended to the Board extension of timeline for authorising individuals to approve disbursals within
already approved Investment limits
E
Considered and granted in-principle approval for acquisition of a company by a subsidiary of the Company and approval for entering
into new business
E
Considered and recommended to the Board granting of in-principle approval to evaluate, undertake, implement, or consummate any
strategic business option in relation to the business activities of an Associate of the Company
E
Noted update on Controllership and Business updates from various subsidiaries
E
Frequency: E Event-Based
VI. SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
Regulation 16 of the SEBI LODR Regulations defines a
material subsidiary to mean a subsidiary, whose turnover
or net worth exceeds ten percent of the consolidated
turnover or net worth respectively, of the listed entity and
its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting year.
Under this definition, Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services
Limited ( MMFSL ) continues to be a Material Listed Subsidiary
of the Company, which was incorporated on 1st January
1991 having registered office at Mumbai. Further, M M
Nissim & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration
No. 107122W/W100672) and M/s. M P Chitale & Co., Chartered
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 101851W) are the Joint
Statutory Auditors of MMFSL, appointed by its shareholders
to hold office for a period of 3 (three) consecutive years
from the conclusion of the 34th Annual General Meeting of
MMFSL till the conclusion of the 37th Annual General Meeting
of MMFSL to be held in the year 2027.
The subsidiaries of the Company function independently, with
an adequately empowered Board of Directors and adequate
resources. For more effective governance, the minutes of
Board Meetings of unlisted subsidiaries of the Company are
placed before the Board of Directors of the Company for
their review at every quarterly Meeting.
In addition to the above, Regulation 24 of the SEBI LODR
Regulations requires that at least one Independent Director
on the Board of Directors of the listed entity shall be a Director
on the Board of Directors of an unlisted material subsidiary,
whether incorporated in India or not. For the purpose
of this provision, material subsidiary means a subsidiary,
whose turnover or net worth exceeds twenty percent of
the consolidated turnover or net worth respectively, of the
listed entity and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding
accounting year.
There was no Subsidiary which falls under this definition
of unlisted material subsidiary for the financial year ended
31st March 2026.
The other requirements of Regulation 24 of the SEBI LODR
Regulations with regard to Corporate Governance requirements
for Subsidiary Companies have been complied with.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
VII. DISCLOSURES
A. Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries
Your Company has formulated a Policy for determining
Material Subsidiaries as defined in Regulation 16 of the SEBI
LODR Regulations. This Policy is uploaded on the Company s
website and can be accessed at: https://www.mahindra.com/
investor-relations/policies-and-documents.
B. Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with
Related Party Transactions
Your Company has formulated a Policy on Materiality of and
Dealing with Related Party Transactions ( RPT Policy ) which
specifies the manner of entering into related party transactions.
During the year under review, the RPT Policy was reviewed and
amended in alignment with the applicable regulatory updates.
The updated RPT Policy is uploaded on the Company s
website and can be accessed at: https://www.mahindra.com/
investorrelations/policies-and-documents.
C. Disclosure of Transactions with Related
Parties
During the year under review, there were no materially
significant transactions or arrangements entered into
between the Company and its Promoters, Directors or their
Relatives or the Management, Subsidiaries, etc. that may have
potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
Further, details of related party transactions are presented in
Note No. 41 to Annual Accounts in the Annual Report.
In addition to the above and as required under the SEBI
LODR Regulations, the Company is in compliance with the
Accounting Standards on related party disclosures. IT has
been submitting disclosures of related party transactions
to the Stock Exchanges in the prescribed format within
prescribed timelines and also publishing IT on the website of
the Company.
D. Disclosure of Accounting Treatment in
preparation of Financial Statements
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with Indian Accounting Standards ( Ind AS ) as per the
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as
amended and notified under section 133 of the Act and
other relevant provisions of the Act.
E. Code for Prevention of Insider Trading
Practices
The Company has formulated and adopted the Code of
Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished
Price Sensitive Information which, inter-alia, includes Policy
for determination of Legitimate Purpose and Code of
Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading in Securities of
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ( M&M Code of Conduct ) in
compliance with the SEBI PIT Regulations.
M&M Code of Conduct has been formulated to regulate,
monitor and ensure reporting of trading by the Designated
Persons and their immediate relatives towards achieving
compliance with the PIT Regulations and is designed to
maintain the highest ethical standards of trading in Securities
of the Company by persons to whom IT is applicable. The
Code lays down guidelines, which advise them on procedures
to be followed and disclosures to be made, while dealing
with securities of the Company and caution them of the
consequences of violations. The Code has been amended to,
inter-alia, include and align with the provisions and amendment
made to the SEBI PIT Regulations which has expanded the
scope of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information ( UPSI ) and
introduced flexibilities regarding information emanating from
outside the Company.
F. Policy and procedure for inquiry in case
of leak/ suspected leak of Unpublished
Price Sensitive Information
The Company has formulated the Policy and Procedure for
inquiry in case of leak / suspected leak of Unpublished Price
Sensitive Information ( the Policy ). The Policy is formulated
to maintain ethical standards in dealing with sensitive
information of the Company by persons who have access to
UPSI. The rationale of the Policy is to strengthen the internal
control systems to ensure that UPSI is not communicated
to any person except in accordance with the Insider Trading
Regulations. The Policy also provides an investigation
procedure in case of leak / suspected leak of UPSI.
G. Whistle-blower Policy
The Vigil Mechanism as envisaged in the Act and the Rules
prescribed thereunder and the SEBI LODR Regulations is
implemented through the Company s Whistle-Blower Policy.
The Company has taken adequate measures to create
awareness amongst its employees on the Code of Conduct
and Governance Policies through regular classroom/online
and E learning sessions. The Company has a third-party
whistleblowing helpline service through an external service
provider. The Ethics helpline service includes toll free number,
web portal access and e-mail facilities. This helpline serves
as platform under vigil mechanism for all stakeholders
and associates to raise any concerns regarding unethical
behaviour and is provided by Convercent, a global service
provider.

Helpline No: 000 800 100 4175

The toll-free helpline number is available in English and
Multiple Languages.

Web-link: https://ethics.mahindra.com/ is available in
Multiple Languages.
Direct complaints can also be raised with the Chairperson
of the Audit Committee through the third-party web portal
at the link mentioned above or by sending an email to
chairpersonofauditcommittee@mahindra.com or by sending
a letter to the below address:
Chairperson of the Audit Committee,
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited,
Mahindra Towers, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,
P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,
Mumbai - 400 018.
The Whistle-blower Policy provides for a reporting mechanism
for stakeholders and associates to report concerns about
unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud, or violation
of the Code, including insider trading violations and reporting
instances of leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
by the employees. Under the Vigil Mechanism, the employees
are encouraged to voice their concerns. All stakeholders and
associates have been provided access to the Audit Committee
through the Chairperson. No person has been denied access
to the Audit Committee. The Policy provides for adequate
safeguards against victimization of persons who use the
mechanism.
The Whistle-blower Policy of the Company is uploaded on
the Company s website and can be accessed at: https://www.
VIII.
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
Your Company recognizes the importance of communication
with Shareholders and of giving a balanced reporting of
results and progress. Full and timely disclosure of information
regarding the Company s financial position and performance
is an important part of your Company s corporate governance
ethos.
Your Company follows a robust process of communicating
with its stakeholders, securities holders and investors through
multiple channels of communications such as dissemination
of information on the website of the Stock Exchanges,
Press Releases, the Annual Reports and uploading relevant
information on its website.
Financial Results
Quarterly, Half-Yearly and Annual Results are submitted to
the Stock Exchanges and also uploaded on the Company s
website. These results are also published in Business Standard
and Sakal which are national and local dailies respectively.
Quarterly results are emailed to shareholders whose email
addresses are registered with the Company/ Depository
Participants (DPs)/ RTA. Additionally, the soft copy of the
aforesaid financial results are also sent to the holders of
the non-convertible debentures on their email addresses
registered with the Company/ Depository, as the case may be.
Press Release
The Company issues press releases to communicate important
updates, such as significant business developments. The
Company disseminates information regarding its financial
results and significant events through press releases. Before
releasing such information in press, those are submitted to
the Stock Exchanges and are also hosted on the Company s
website.
Other Information
Your Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges, all
information required to be disclosed under Regulation 30
read with Part A and Part B of Schedule III of the SEBI
LODR Regulations including material information having
a bearing on the performance/operations of the Company
and other price sensitive information. All information is filed
electronically on the online portal of BSE Limited - Corporate
Compliance & Listing Centre ( BSE Listing Centre ) and on the
online portal of National Stock Exchange of India Limited -
NSE s Electronic Application Processing System ( NEAPS ).
The information to the Stock Exchanges located outside
India, i.e. the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the London
Stock Exchange, is filed through electronic means or other
permissible means.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Analyst/Institutional Investors Presentation
The Company hosts calls/meetings with institutional investors
and analysts post the announcement of its quarterly and
half-yearly audited financial results and also on request.
Presentations made to investors, along with other disclosures
required to be disseminated, are filed electronically with the
Stock Exchanges and are also uploaded on your Company s
website (www.mahindra.com). As per the Company s Archival
Policy, such disclosures are hosted on the website for a
minimum period of five years from the date of the respective
In addition, the Company uploads transcripts and audio-visual
recordings of earnings/quarterly calls on its website.
The details of Investors/Analyst interactions held during the
year under review are as follows:
Investors / Analyst Interactions - FY 26
Particulars
Number of
Meetings
Total Hours2
One on One/Group
Interaction1
Conferences/
Non-
Deal Roadshows
Company Events3
Keynote address at
Investor Forums by
Senior Management.
Total
Includes 1x1 physical/virtual, group physical/virtual, Plant/R&D centre visit,
new product launch event, Dealer visit/test drive, specific events arranged by
Total hours = Average budgeted time slot of 60 minutes per interaction
except for Company driven events.
Includes quarterly earnings calls/analyst meet, Group Investor Day.
Website
The Company also leverages its website, www.mahindra.com,
as an important platform for sharing information about
its business activities and other governance matters. The
website further showcases the Company s commitment
to sustainability and includes a dedicated investor section
containing extensive information required to be publicly
available. This section is thoughtfully designed to address
the needs and interests of various stakeholders who have a
vested interest in the Company s growth.
IX. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
1. 80th Annual General Meeting

In accordance with General Circular No. 20/2020 issued by
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) dated 5th May 2020
read together with General Circular Nos. 14 & 17/2020
dated 8th April 2020 and 13th April 2020, respectively
and subsequent circulars issued by MCA in this regard
and latest being General Circular No. 03/2025 dated
22nd September 2025, the 80th Annual General Meeting
( 80th AGM ) of the Company will be held on Thursday,
30th July 2026 at 3.00 p.m. Indian Standard Time through
Video Conferencing ( VC ) or Other Audio Visual Means
( OAVM ).
2. Financial Year of the Company

The Company follows the financial year as prescribed
under the Act, i.e. a period of 12 months starting from
1st day of April of a year and ending on the 31st day of
March of the following year.
3. Date of Book Closure, Record Date and Dividend
Payment Date

The Record Date for Dividend shall be Friday, 3rd July
2026. The Register of Members and Share Transfer
Books of the Company will remain closed for payment
of Dividend and AGM from Saturday, 4th July 2026 to
Thursday, 30th July 2026, both days inclusive.

Subject to approval by the Shareholders at the 80th AGM,
the Board has recommended a dividend of Rs. 33 (660%)
per Ordinary (Equity) Shares of the face value of Rs. 5
each for the financial year ended 31st March 2026, to
be paid out after 30th July 2026. Any applicable income
tax will be deducted at the source before the dividend is
paid out.
4. Listing of Ordinary (Equity) Shares, Debentures on
Stock Exchanges

Your Company s Ordinary (Equity) Shares are listed on
BSE Limited ( BSE ) and National Stock Exchange of
India Limited ( NSE ). The Global Depository Receipts
( GDRs ) of your Company are listed on the Luxembourg
Stock Exchange and are also admitted for trading on
International Order Book (IOB) of the London Stock
Exchange. The requisite listing fees has been paid in full
to all these Stock Exchanges.

The
Company s
privately
placed
Non-Convertible
Debentures (NCDs) are listed on the Debt Segment of BSE.
Name and Address of the
Exchanges
Type of Security/
Scrip Code
International
Securities
Identification
Number (ISIN)
Ordinary (Equity) Shares
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Ordinary (Equity)
Shares
Scrip Code: 500520
INE101A01026
National Stock Exchange of India
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
Ordinary (Equity)
Shares
Scrip Symbol: M&M
Name and Address of the
Exchanges
Type of Security/
Scrip Code
International
Securities
Identification
Number (ISIN)
GDRs
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange
35A Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840
Luxembourg.
Global Depository
Receipts (GDRs)
USY541641194
London Stock Exchange Plc,
10, Paternoster Square,
London - EC4M 7LS.
GDRs/MHID
NCDs
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
NCD/949342/
Scrip ID: 955MML2063
INE101A08070
NCD/954977/
Scrip ID: 757MML26
INE101A08088
5. List of all Credit Ratings obtained by the Company along with revisions for FY26

The credit ratings obtained by the Company along with revisions, if any, thereto during FY26, for all the debt instruments,
any scheme or proposal of the Company involving mobilisation of funds, in India or abroad are given below:
Instrument Details
Rating(s)
CARE Ratings
CRISIL Ratings
ICRA Limited
India Ratings & Research
Non-Convertible Debentures
-
CRISIL AAA/Stable
[ICRA] AAA (Stable)
IND AAA/Stable
Bank Facilities - Long Term
CARE AAA; Stable
-
[ICRA] AAA (Stable)
IND AAA/Stable
Bank Facilities - Short Term
CARE A1+
CRISIL A1+
[ICRA] A1+
IND A1+
Commercial Paper (CP)
-
CRISIL A1+
-
6. Corporate Identity Number
L65990MH1945PLC004558
7. Registered Office Address

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited
8. Registrar to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent

KFin Technologies Limited

Unit: Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Selenium Building, Tower B,

Plot No. 31 & 32

Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad, Rangareddi, Telangana - 500032, India

Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222

Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website: www.kfintech.com

Toll Free No.: 1800 3094 001
9. Share Transfer System

Trading in Ordinary (Equity) Shares of the Company
through recognized Stock Exchanges is permitted only
in dematerialised form.

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee meets as and
when required to, inter-alia, consider the issue of Letter of
Confirmation in case of loss of share certificates, review
measures for enhancing the effective exercise of voting
rights by shareholders, assess adherence to the service
standards adopted by the Company in respect of services
rendered by the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent , etc.

Pursuant to Regulation 40 of SEBI LODR Regulations,
no requests for effecting transfer of securities have
been processed unless the securities are held in the
dematerialised form with the depository with effect
from 1st April 2019. However, this restriction shall not be
applicable to request received for effecting transmission
or transposition of securities.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
10. Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March 2026
Number of Shares held
Number of Shareholders*
Number of Shares held
% of Shareholding
9,47,350
3,56,98,120
2.87
13,330
98,20,591
0.79
12,968
2,78,41,420
2.24
5001 - 10000
1,989
1,40,76,748
1.13
10001 - 20000
1,051
1,47,50,788
1.19
20001 - 30000
96,98,046
0.78
30001 - 40000
82,47,016
0.66
40001 - 50000
72,52,871
0.58
50001 - 100000
3,36,80,949
2.71
100001 & above
1,08,24,62,282
87.05
Total
9,78,930
1,24,35,28,831
100.00
* Without consolidating the folios on the basis of PAN
11. Category-wise shareholding as on 31st March 2026
18.14%
Promoter and
Promoter Group
16.95%
Mutual Funds
1.69%
GDR
Holders
3.44%
Employee
Benefit
Trusts
8.31%
Resident Individual
Shareholders
10.52%
Insurance Companies
35.61%
Foreign Portfolio Investors
(including FIIs)
5.34%
Others
Note: Resident Individual Shareholders mentioned above exclude Key Managerial Personnel, Non-Independent Directors and their relative(s)
12. Shareholders holding more than 1% of the shares as
on 31st March 2026

The details of public shareholders holding more than 1%
(PAN-based) of the equity share capital as on 31st March
2026 was as follows:
NON RECEIPT OF DIVIDEND
% OF SHAREHOLDING
NO OF SHARES
Name of the Shareholders
% of Shareholding
No. of shares held
Nippon Life India Trustee Ltd-A/C
Nippon India ETF Nify 50 Bees*
1.25%
1,84,11,827
NPS Trust A/C UTI Pension Fund
Limited-Scheme State Govt*
SBI Nify 50 ETF*
3,66,07,257
2.41%
Vanguard Emerging Markets
Stock Index Fund,
A. Series of Vanguard International
Equity Index Funds
128,94,338
1,34,07,218
1.04%
2,81,91,668
1.62%
7,82,69,976
6.29%
2.94%
Life Insurance Corporation of India*
Government of Singapore
2,00,74,420
1.48%
Government Pension Fund Global
1,37,09,789
1.09%
SBI Life Insurance Co. Ltd
1,36,10,916
1.08%
Parag Parikh Flexi Cap Fund*
Vanguard Total International
Stock Index Fund
1,55,18,917
1.10%
ICICI Prudential Large Cap Fund*
2,99,19,024
2.27%
UTI Nify 50 ETF*
2,01,10,795
1.61%
* including sub-accounts
13. Dematerialisation of Shares and Liquidity

99.78% of the paid-up Ordinary (Equity) Share Capital of
your Company is held in a dematerialised form with National
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository
Services (India) Limited as on 31st March 2026. The market
lot of the Share of your Company is one Share, as the
trading in the Equity Share of your Company is permitted
only in dematerialised form. The non-promoters holding as
on 31st March 2026 is around 81.86% and the stock is
highly liquid. The status as on 31st March 2026 is as under:
0.22%
Physical
99.78%
Dematerialized
14. Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any Convertible
Instruments, Conversion date and likely impact on
Equity

2,10,52,090 GDRs constituting 1.69% of the paid-up
Equity Share Capital were outstanding as on 31st March
2026. Since the underlying Ordinary (Equity) Shares
represented by GDRs have been allotted in full, the
outstanding GDRs have no impact on the Equity of the
Company. There are no other convertible instruments
issued and outstanding as on 31st March 2026.
15. Shareholder s Value Creation

Your Company is committed to enhancing the Shareholder
value through consistent financial performance and
disciplined capital management. Supported by a strong
earnings base, the Company has maintained an increasing
trend in dividend payouts, reflecting its commitment to
delivering stable and growing returns to shareholders
while supporting future growth.

The Dividend declared per share for the past 5 Financial
Years along with the Dividend recommended for the
Financial Year 2025-26 is as under:
(in Rupees per share)
(Proposed)
8.75
11.55
16.25
21.1
25.3
16. Commodity price risk or Foreign Exchange Risk &
hedging activities

The Commodity prices in the Financial Year 2025-26
witnessed a mixed trend across different commodities.
Steel prices declined in second quarter as overcapacity
in China created surplus but then rose sharply in the
last quarter since the Government extended safeguard
duty on imports. Metals such as Aluminium, Copper,
Platinum and Palladium saw steady increase in prices
throughout the year driven by demand growth and/or
supply constraints. Further, the conflict in West Asia
during March 2026 caused significant volatility in the
prices.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Your Company stayed focused on cost reduction
through measures like Value Analysis (VA) /Value
Engineering (VE), negotiations with suppliers, long term
price contracting, etc.

Your Company continues to monitor the commodity prices
closely and to focus on mitigating the volatility through
Commodity Risk Management . Hedging of currencies
and commodities are being governed in accordance
with the Foreign Exchange Risk Management Policy and
Commodity Risk Management Policy, approved by the
Board of Directors of your Company.

The details of Foreign Exchange hedging activities
undertaken by the Company are disclosed in Note No.
40 to Annual Accounts in the Annual Report.

Disclosures regarding commodity price risk and hedging
activities, the details of exposure of the Company to material
commodities and risks faced by IT throughout the year as
mandated by Regulation 34(3) read with clause 9(n) of Part C
of Schedule V of the SEBI LODR Regulations and SEBI Master
Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026
dated 30th January 2026, are as follows:

(a) Total exposure of the Company to commodities in
INR: 14,845 crore.
(b) Exposure of the Company to various commodities:
Commodity Name
Exposure towards the
particular commodity
FY26 Exposure
in Quantity terms
towards the particular
commodity (tons)2
% of such exposure hedged through commodity derivatives
(Rs. in crore)1
Domestic market
International market
Total
OTC
Exchange
OTC
Exchange
Flat Steel (Sheet Metal)
6,917
11,59,689
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Casting
3,686
8,29,359
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Alloy Steel (Forging)
4,242
6,21,387
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil

As per average prices of FY26

As per Actual F26 Volumes

(c) Commodity risks faced by the listed entity during the year and how they have been managed:

The commodity risks on above commodities are mitigated through close monitoring of commodity movements and
mitigation measures like value engineering yielding significant cost reduction.
17. Plant Locations

Your Company s manufacturing facilities are located at Kandivali (Mumbai), Nashik, Igatpuri, Nagpur, Chakan, Zaheerabad,
Jaipur, Rudrapur, Haridwar, SAS Nagar (Mohali) and Pithampur.
18. Address for correspondence

(a) Address for correspondence with the Company

Your Company has designated investors@mahindra.com as an exclusive email ID for Investors for the purpose of
registering complaints and the same has been displayed on the Company s website. KFin Technologies Limited also acts
as Registrar to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent for the Listed Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company.

For all investor related matters, the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer can also be contacted at:

Mahindra Towers,
2nd Floor, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,
Worli, Mumbai - 400 018.
Tel. No.: +91 022 6919 5194 / 6919 5195
Email: investors@mahindra.com

Your Company can also be visited at its website: https://www.mahindra.com

(b) Address for correspondence with the Registrar
to an Issue & Share Transfer Agent

Shareholders may correspond with the Registrar
and Share Transfer Agent at

KFin Technologies Limited
Unit: Mahindra & Mahindra Limited
Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District,
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,
Hyderabad, Rangareddi,
Telangana - 500032, India.
Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001

for
all
matters
relating
transmission/
dematerialisation of shares, payment of dividend
and any other query relating to Equity Shares of

Other Service Centres of KFin Technologies
Limited for investors:
Mumbai
Office No.265, Birya House, Perin Nariman Street,
Next to Apna Bazar, Fort, Mumbai - 400001.
Tel: 022-46052082
Email: mumbaimfd@Kfintech.com
Pune
Office # 207-210, second floor, Kamla Arcade, JM
Road, Opposite, Balgandharva, Shivaji Nagar, Pune
- 411005.
Tel: 020-46033615 / 020-66210449
Email: punemfd@Kfintech.com
New Delhi
305 New Delhi House, 27 Barakhamba Road,
New Delhi - 110001.
Tel: 011-41911300
Email: delhimfd@Kfintech.com
Bengaluru
No. 35, Puttanna Road, Basavanagudi, Bengaluru -
560004.
Tel: 080-26603411 / 080-26603914
Email: bangaloremfd@Kfintech.com
Kolkata
2/1 Russel Street, 4th Floor, Kankaria Centre,
Kolkata - 700016.
Tel: 033-66285900
Email: mfskolkata@Kfintech.com
Chennai
9th Floor, Capital Towers, 180, Kodambakkam High
Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai - 600034.
Tel: 044-28309147 / 044-28309146
Email: chennaimfd@Kfintech.com

(c) Name and address for correspondence with
Debenture Trustee

Axis Trustee Services Limited

The Ruby, 2nd Floor, SW, 29 Senapati Bapat Marg,

Dadar West, Mumbai - 400 028.

Tel. No.: +91 22 6230 0451

E-mail: debenturetrustee@axistrustee.in
19. Investor Support Services

FAQs for the Shareholders

The Investor Relations page under Investors FAQs
section of the Company s website provides more than
50 Frequently Asked Questions on various topics
related to transfers and transmissions of shares,
dematerialisation,
nomination,
change
address,
loss of share certificates, dividend and sub-division of
share certificates. In addition, various downloadable
forms required to be executed by the Shareholders
have also been provided on the Company s website at:
https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/reports.

Investor Services Web-based Query Redressal System

Members may utilise the facility extended by the KFin
Technologies Limited ( KFintech ), Registrar to an Issue &
Share Transfer Agent for redressal of queries, by visiting
the Web-link: https://kprism.kfintech.com.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Investors can submit their query in the option provided
on the above website, which would generate a reference
number. For accessing the status / response to the query
submitted, the grievance reference number can be used
at the option Track your query at the left-hand corner
under Contact Us tab of the above website. Investors
can continue to put an additional query, if any, relating
to the grievance till they get a satisfactory reply.

Investors can provide their feedback on the services
provided by the Company and KFintech by filling the
Shareholder Satisfaction Survey form available in
Investor Relations page under Investors FAQ s table
on Company s website at: https://www.mahindra.com/
investorrelations/reports.

KPRISM Mobile service application by KFintech

Members are encouraged to note that KFintech
has a mobile application - KPRISM and a website
https://kprism.kfintech.com for online service to Members.

Members can download the mobile application from play
store, register themselves (one time) for availing host of
services viz., view of consolidated portfolio serviced by
KFintech, Dividend status, request for change of address,
change/update Bank Mandate. Through the Mobile app,
Members can download Annual Reports, standard forms
and keep track of upcoming General Meetings and
dividend disbursement.

In addition, Members can also visit the Investor Service
Center (ISC) webpage, https://kprism.kfintech.com and
get benefitted from the list of services that can be
executed from the page like raising or tracking a query,
upload tax exemptions forms, view the Dematerialisation
/ Re-materialisation request, check dividend status and
download required ISR forms and check KYC status for
Physical Folios.

The
Members
visit
Web-link
https://kprism.kfintech.com to download the mobile
application.

Senior Citizens - Investor Support

As part of the initiative to enhance investor experience,
KFintech has formed a Senior Citizens investor cell to
exclusively assist the Senior Citizens in redressing their
grievances, complaints and queries. This special cell
closely monitors the complaints coming from Senior
Citizens through this channel and handholds them at
every stage of the service request till closure of the
grievance.

Senior Citizens wishing to avail this service can send
the communication with the below details to the email
address - senior.citizen@kfintech.com. Senior Citizens
(above 60 years of age) have to provide the following
details:

ID proof showing Date of Birth

Folio Number

Company Name

Nature of Grievance.

A dedicated Toll-free number for Senior Citizens can
also be accessed at 1800-309-4006 for any queries or
information.
20. Disclosures with respect to Demat Suspense
Account/Unclaimed Suspense Account
In terms of Regulation 39 of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
the Company reports the following details in respect of
equity shares lying in the suspense account:
Particulars
Number of
Shareholders
Number
of Equity
Shares
Aggregate Number of Shareholders
Unclaimed Suspense Account as on
1st April 2025
2,316
4,75,086
Number
Shareholders
who
approached the Company during the
year for transfer of shares from the
Unclaimed Suspense Account
17,032
Number of Shareholders to whom shares
were transferred from the Unclaimed
Suspense Account upon receipt and
verification of necessary documents
14,844
Number of Shares in respect of
which dividend entitlements remained
unclaimed for seven consecutive years
and transferred from the Unclaimed
Suspense Account to the IEPF
1,585
3,66,236
Aggregate number of Shareholders
and outstanding shares held in the
Unclaimed Suspense Account as on
31st March 2026
94,006
The voting rights on the shares in the suspense account
shall remain frozen till the rightful owners claim the
shares.
21. Details of non-compliance, etc.

Your Company has complied with all the requirements of regulatory authorities. During the last three years, there were
no instances of non-compliance by the Company and no penalty or strictures were imposed on the Company by the Stock
Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authority, on any matter related to the capital markets. The Company has also complied
with the requirements of Corporate Governance Report of Paras (2) to (10) mentioned in Part C and Parts D to G of Schedule
V of the SEBI LODR Regulations and disclosed necessary information as specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and Regulation 46(2)
(b) to (i) and (t) of the SEBI LODR Regulations in the respective places in this Report.
22. Unclaimed Dividend and shares transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund ( IEPF )

In accordance with the provisions of sections 124 and
125 of the Act and Investor Education and Protection
Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,
2016 ( IEPF Rules ), dividends which remain unpaid or
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date
of transfer to the Unpaid Dividend Account shall be
transferred by the Company to the Investor Education
and Protection Fund ( IEPF ).

The IEPF Rules mandate companies to transfer all shares
in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed
for seven consecutive years or more in the name of IEPF.
The Members whose dividend/ shares are transferred to
the IEPF Authority can claim their shares/dividend from
the IEPF Authority following the procedure prescribed in
the IEPF Rules.

In accordance with the said IEPF Rules and its amendments,
the Company had sent notices to all the Shareholders whose
shares were due for transfer to the IEPF Authority and
simultaneously newspaper advertisements were published.

The details of Dividend remitted to IEPF during the year:
Financial
Year
Dividend
declared on
Amount
transferred to
IEPF
(in Rs.)
Date of transfer to
IEPF
7th August 2018
2,43,08,137.50
22nd September 2025
2024-25*
31st July 2025
6,01,94,304.20
5th August 2025
*
Dividend on shares which are already transferred to IEPF
23. Shares transferred/ credited to IEPF

During the financial year 2025-26, the Company transferred 7,08,661 Ordinary (Equity) Shares to IEPF Authority
corresponding to unclaimed dividend for the year 2017-18. The IEPF Authority holds 34,52,675 Ordinary (Equity) Shares
in the Company as on 31st March 2026.

Pursuant to IEPF Rules, given below are the details of Ordinary (Equity) Shares transferred to and released from IEPF Authority:
Particulars
Number of shares transferred
to / released from IEPF
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2018
22,00,468
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2018-19
61,352
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2019
22,61,820
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2019-20
62,079
Released from IEPF during the year 2019-20
(31,012)
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2020
22,92,887
Transferred to IEPF on 8th April 2020
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 8th April 2020
22,92,917
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2020-21
60,436
Released from IEPF during the year 2020-21
(13,412)

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Particulars
Number of shares transferred
to / released from IEPF
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2021
23,39,941
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2021-22
1,20,649
Released from IEPF during the year 2021-22
(2,724)
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2022
24,57,866
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2022-23
1,17,855
Released from IEPF during the year 2022-23
(7,738)
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2023
25,67,983
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2023-24
2,47,443
Released from IEPF during the year 2023-24
(29,432)
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2024
27,85,994
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2024-25
58,278
Released from IEPF during the year 2024-25
(11,886)
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2025
28,32,386
Transferred to IEPF during the year 2025-26
7,08,661
Released from IEPF during the year 2025-26
(88,372)
Total number of shares held by IEPF as on 31st March 2026
34,52,675

The voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen until the rightful owner claims the shares.

The Company has appointed a Nodal Officer under the provisions of IEPF Rules, the details of which are available on
the Company s website at: https://www.mahindra.com/contact-us. Further, the Company has also appointed Deputy Nodal
Officers to assist the Nodal Officer to, inter-alia, verify the claim(s) and co-ordinate with the IEPF Authority.

The Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed amounts lying with the Company as on 31st March 2025
on the Company s website at https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/reports. Such details are also available at the
website of Ministry of Corporate Affairs. Additionally, the details as on 31st March 2026 will also be uploaded on the
aforesaid link.

The following table provides dates on which unclaimed dividend and their corresponding shares would become liable to be
transferred to the IEPF:
Year
Date of declaration of dividend
Due date for transfer to IEPF
Amount (Rs.)
(As on 31st March 2026)
7th August 2019
6th September 2026
2,77,17,667.00
7th August 2020
7th September 2027
72,24,126.20
6th August 2021
7th September 2028
1,79,78,143.00
5th August 2022
6th September 2029
2,14,42,735.46
4th August 2023
4th September 2030
2,98,62,019.11
31st July 2024
30th August 2031
7,15,78,176.59
31st July 2025
30th August 2032
7,63,75,830.63
X. OTHER DISCLOSURES
1. Compliance with Mandatory requirements
Your Company has complied with all the mandatory
requirements of the SEBI LODR Regulations relating to
Corporate Governance.
2. Compliance with non-mandatory requirements

a) Separate posts of Chairman and CEO

Your Company has separate posts of Chairman and
CEO. Whilst Mr. Anand G. Mahindra is the Chairman,
Dr. Anish Shah is the Group CEO and Managing
Director of the Company.

b) Office for Non-Executive Chairman

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Chairman of the Company
is entitled to maintain a full-fledged office including
staff, appropriate security, etc., the expense of which
is borne by the Company.

c) Unmodified Audit Opinion

During the year under review, there is no audit
qualification in your Company s standalone financial
statements. Your Company continues to adopt best
practices to ensure regime of financial statements
with unmodified audit qualifications.
3. Details of utilisation of funds of Preferential
Allotment/ QIP
The Company has not raised funds through Preferential
Allotment/QIP during the year under review.
4.
Total fees paid for all services rendered by the
Statutory Auditors to the Company and its subsidiaries
for FY26.
Total fees paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries on
a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditor viz. B S
R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, Firm Registration
No. 101248W/W-100022 and all entities in the network
firm/network entity of which the Statutory Auditors is a
part, are as follows:
(Rs. in Crore)
Particulars
Amount
Audit Fees
13.00
Other Services
1.08
Reimbursement of expenses
0.63
Total
14.71
5. Disclosure in relation to recommendation made by
any Committee which was not accepted by the Board
During the year under review, there were no such
recommendations made by any Committee of the Board
which were mandatorily required and not accepted by
the Board.
6. Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice
regarding Non-Debarment and Non-Disqualification
of Directors
A Certificate from M/s. Parikh and Associates, Company
Secretary in Practice and the Secretarial Auditors of
the Company certifying that none of the Directors on
the Board of the Company as on 31st March 2026 have
been debarred or disqualified from being appointed
or continuing as Director of companies by the Board/
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such Statutory
Authority, is annexed at the end of this Report.
7. Disclosure in relation to the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013 for FY26 is as under:

(a) Number of complaints under
inquiry as on 1st April 2025

(b) Number of complaints of sexual
harassment received between
1st April 2025 to 31st March 2026

(c) Number of complaints disposed of
between 1st April 2025 to
31st March 2026

(d) Number of complaints pending as
on 31st March 2026

(e) Number of cases pending for more
than 90 days
8. Particulars of loans/advances/investments pursuant
to Para A of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations
The particulars of loans/advances/investments required
to be disclosed pursuant to Para A of Schedule V of the
SEBI LODR Regulations are furnished separately in the
Board s Report and forms part of this Annual Report.
9. Disclosure of Loans and advances in the nature
of loans to firms/companies in which directors are
interested by name and amount
The Loans and advances by the Company and its
subsidiaries in the nature of loans to firms/ companies in
which directors are interested are disclosed separately in
the Board s Report and forms part of this Annual Report.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
10. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
As per the provisions of the Act and in compliance
with Regulation 25(10) of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
the Company has taken Directors and Officers Liability
Insurance (D&O) on behalf of all Directors including
Independent Directors and Officers of the Company to
indemnify them against any personal liability coming
onto them whilst discharging fiduciary responsibilities
in relation to the Company.
11. Disclosure of certain type of Agreements binding
Listed Entities
During the year under review, there were no agreements
entered into by the shareholders, promoters, promoter
group entities, related parties, directors, key managerial
personnel, employees of the Company or of its
subsidiary or associate company, among themselves or
with the Company or with a third party, solely or jointly,
which, either directly or indirectly or potentially or
whose purpose and effect is to, impact the management
or control of the Company or impose any restriction
or create any liability upon the Company. Further, the
Agreement(s) as disclosed in the Company s earlier
Annual Report(s) have not been amended or altered
during the year under review.
12. No Permanent Board Seats
SEBI had amended the SEBI LODR Regulations with
effect from 1st April 2024 mandating shareholders
approval for a directors continuation on the Board
at least once every 5 years from the date of their
appointment or reappointment. However, this provision
is not applicable to the Company as IT does not have
any Permanent Board seats.
As on 31st March 2026, there were 6 Independent
Directors (including 4 Women Independent Directors)
on the Board of your Company. The balance 5 Directors
viz. Non-Executive Chairman, Group CEO and Managing
Director, Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sector)
and 2 Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors are
subject to retirement by rotation. This practice of
not having any permanent Board seats was already
institutionalised by the Company much before such
amendment was made effective.
13. No Special Rights to Shareholders
SEBI introduced Regulation 31B to the SEBI LODR
Regulations, pursuant to which Special Rights granted
to a Shareholder will be subject to the approval by the
Shareholders in a general meeting by way of a special
resolution once in every five years starting from the
date of grant of such Special Right.
The Company ensures equitable treatment to all
Shareholders and has not granted any special rights
like Nomination Rights, Veto Rights / Affirmative voting,
Information Rights, Anti-Dilution Rights, Right of First
Refusal, Tag Along Rights, Divestment Rights, etc. to its
Shareholders.
XI. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

1. Details of Annual General Meetings of the Company held through VC/OAVM during the past 3 years and Special
Resolutions passed therein:
Year
Date
Time
Special Resolutions passed
Web-link
webcast/
transcripts
4th August 2023
(77th AGM)
1.
Payment of Remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN: 00004695) as Non-
Executive Chairman of the Company for the Financial Year 2023-24
investor-relations/reports
2.
Revision in the terms of remuneration of Dr. Anish Shah (DIN: 02719429),
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
3.
Revision in the terms of remuneration of Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar (DIN: 00046823),
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector) of the Company
4.
Amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company
31st July 2024
(78th AGM)
1.
Revision in the terms of Remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN:
00004695), Non-Executive Chairman of the Company for a period from 1st
April 2024 up to 11th November 2026
2.
Appointment of Ms. Padmasree Warrior (DIN: 10387032) as an Independent
Director of the Company, for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing
from 17th May 2024 to 16th May 2029 (both days inclusive)
3.
Re-appointment of Ms. Shikha Sharma (DIN: 00043265) as an Independent
Director, for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 8th
August 2024 to 7th August 2029 (both days inclusive)
4.
Re-appointment of Dr. Anish Shah (DIN: 02719429) as Managing Director
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company designated as Group CEO and
Managing Director with effect from 1st April 2025 to 31st March 2030
5.
Re-appointment of Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar (DIN: 00046823) as Whole-time Director
of the Company designated as Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm
Sector) of the Company with effect from 1st April 2025 to 24th June 2029
31st July 2025
(79th AGM)
1.
Revision in terms of Remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN: 00004695),
Non-Executive Chairman of the Company for a period from 1st April 2025 up
to 11th November 2026.
2.
Re-appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej (DIN: 00591503) as an Independent
Director, for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from
8th August 2025 to 7th August 2030 (both days inclusive)
3.
Re-appointment of Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (DIN: 07858587) as an
Independent Director, for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years
commencing from 8th August 2025 to 7th August 2030 (both days inclusive)
Notes
In compliance with the provisions of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May 2020 read together with
MCA General Circular Nos. 14 & 17/2020 dated 8th April 2020 and 13th April 2020, respectively, MCA General Circular No. 10/2022 dated 28th
December 2022 and MCA General Circular No. 09/2023 dated 25th September 2023 and MCA General Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19th September
2024 and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/ CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May 2020 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4
dated 5th January 2023 and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated 7th October 2023 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) (Third Amendment) Regulations 2024 dated 12th December 2024, the Company conducted the AGM(s) in the year 2023,
2024 and 2025 through Video Conferencing /Other Audio Visual Means ( VC / OAVM ).

Further, in accordance with the Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( ICSI ) read with
Clarification/Guidance on applicability of Secretarial Standards - 1 and 2 dated 15th April 2020 issued by the ICSI, the proceedings of the AGMs of
the Company held in the year 2023, 2024 and 2025 were deemed to have been conducted at the Registered Office of the Company being the
deemed venue of the AGM.
Mr. Haigreve Khaitan had vide his letter dated 1st August 2024 requested not to be considered for another term on the Board of the Company
upon completion of his term on 7th August 2024, on account of his professional commitments. Consequently, the Resolution proposed at the
78th AGM of the Company held on 31st July 2024, as per Notice dated 16th May 2024, stands infructuous.
14. Shareholding of Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on 31st March 2026:
The Shareholding of Key Managerial Personnel ( KMP ) of your Company as on 31st March 2026 is as follows:
Name of KMP
(along with their Designations)
No. of Ordinary (Equity)
Shares held as on
31st March 2026
Shareholding
Dr. Anish Shah [Group CEO and Managing Director]
2,87,696
0.02%
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar [Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)]
1,82,309
0.01%
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua [Group Chief Financial Officer]
15,651
0.00%
Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga [Company Secretary]
Nil
-

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
2. Details of Extraordinary General Meeting

No Extraordinary General Meeting was held during the past 3 years.
3. Postal Ballot

During the year under review, your Company carried out one Postal Ballot, seeking approval of the Shareholders on the
following matters by way of Special Resolution(s):

Appointment of Ms. Samina Hamied (DIN: 00027923) as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 (five)
consecutive years commencing from 7th October 2025 to 6th October 2030 (both days inclusive); and

(ii) Appointment of Mr. Muthu Raju Paravasa Raju Vijay Kumar (DIN: 05170323) as an Independent Director of the Company
for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 7th October 2025 to 6th October 2030 (both days inclusive).

The Notice of Postal Ballot dated 6th October 2025 ( Postal Ballot Notice ) was dispatched to the Members of the Company
on 27th October 2025 seeking approval of the Shareholders on the above matters. The remote e-voting period commenced
on Tuesday, 28th October 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and concluded on Wednesday, 26th November 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST).

The above Special Resolutions set out in the Postal Ballot Notice have been duly passed by the Members with the requisite
majority and are deemed to have been passed on the last date of remote e-voting, i.e. Wednesday, 26th November 2025.

The details of the Special Resolutions passed by the Shareholders of the Company with requisite majority through Postal
Ballot during FY 2025-26 are as under:
S r.
Special Resolutions
passed
Voting Pattern
Total no. of
Shares
No. of votes
polled
% of votes
polled on
No. of votes -
In favour
No. of votes
- Against
% of Votes
in favour on
votes polled
% of Votes
against on
votes polled
1.
Appointment of Ms. Samina
Hamied (DIN: 00027923)
as an Independent Director
1,24,35,28,831
1,00,59,40,342
80.89%
1,00,14,72,502
44,67,840
99.56%
0.44%
2.
Appointment of Mr. Muthu
Raju Paravasa Raju Vijay
Kumar (DIN: 05170323) as
an Independent Director of
1,24,35,28,831
1,00,56,55,099
80.87%
94,68,30,247
5,88,24,852
94.15%
5.85%

Procedure adopted for Postal Ballot

Your Company conducted Postal Ballot in accordance with the provisions of sections 108, 110 and other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Act, read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,
Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time
being in force, Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ( SS-2 ), read with MCA General Circular Nos. 14 & 17/2020 dated
8th April 2020 and 13th April 2020, respectively and MCA General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September 2025 and
subject to other applicable laws, rules and regulations.

In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot notice was sent only through electronic mode to those
Members whose names appear in the Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as on cut-off date determined
by the Company, received from National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited
( Depositories ) and was sent only in electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses were registered with the
Company or Registrar & Transfer Agent of the Company or the Depository Participant(s).

Additionally, Members who had not registered their e-mail addresses were requested to register/update their email addresses,
in respect of electronic holdings with the Depositories through the concerned Depository Participants and in respect of
physical holdings with Registrar & Transfer Agent of the Company by following due procedure.

The Physical copies of this Postal Ballot Notice, postal ballot forms and pre-paid business reply envelopes were not sent to
Members for the Postal Ballot. The Members were provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically through the
E-Voting services provided by KFin Technologies Limited ( e-Voting agency ), on all the resolutions set forth in this Notice.

The Board had appointed Mr. Sachin Bhagwat, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. ACS 10189) and failing him
Mr. Mandar Jog, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. FCS 9552), as Scrutiniser for conducting the Postal Ballot
through remote E-Voting process in a fair and transparent manner. The Scrutiniser had submitted his report to the Chairman
of the Company after completion of scrutiny of the votes.

Thereafter, the Voting results along with the Scrutiniser s Report were intimated to BSE and NSE, where the equity shares
of the Company are listed and were also placed on the website of the Company at www.mahindra.com and on the website
of e-Voting agency. The results were also displayed at the Registered Office as well as the Corporate Office of the Company.

Details of the Special Resolution proposed to be conducted through Postal Ballot

No Special Resolution is proposed to be passed through the Postal Ballot as on the date of this Annual Report. Further,
the Company may consider passing Resolutions, including Special Resolutions, through Postal Ballot as and when required.
XII. ADVISORY TO INVESTORS / SHAREHOLDERS

1. Confidentiality of security details

Folio Nos./DP ID/Client ID should not be disclosed to any unknown persons. Signed delivery instruction slips should not
be given to any unknown persons.

2. Dealing with Registered Intermediaries

Members should transact through a registered intermediary. In case the intermediary does not act professionally,
Member can take up the matter with SEBI.

3. Obtain documents relating to purchase and sale of securities

A valid Contract Note/Confirmation Memo should be obtained from the broker/sub-broker within 24 hours of execution
of the trade. IT should be ensured that the Contract Note/Confirmation Memo contains the order number, trade number,
trade time, quantity, price and brokerage.

4. Prevention of Frauds

There is a possibility of fraudulent transactions relating to folios which lie dormant. Hence, we urge you to exercise
diligence and notify the Company of any change in address, as and when required.

5. Non-Resident Shareholders

The non-resident shareholders are requested to notify the following details to the Company in respect of shares held
in physical form and to their depository participants in respect of shares held in the dematerialized form:

Indian address for sending all communications, if not provided earlier.

Change in their residential status on return to India for permanent settlement.

Particulars of bank account maintained with a Bank in India, if not furnished earlier.

RBI permission reference number with the date to facilitate credit of dividend in their bank account.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
DECLARATION UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS
AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
The Members of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited
I, Anish Shah, Group CEO and Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited declare that all the Members of the Board of Directors
and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended 31st March 2026.
Anish Shah
Mumbai, 5th May 2026

Group CEO and Managing Director

DIN: 02719429
CERTIFICATE
The Members
Mahindra Towers,
Dr. G.M. Bhosale Marg, Worli,
Mumbai 400018
5th May 2026
Independent Auditor s certificate on compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
1.
This report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated 1 September 2022.
2.
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ( the Company ),
for the year ended 31 March 2026, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of regulation 46(2) and
paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time ( Listing Regulations ) pursuant to the Listing Agreement
of the Company with Stock Exchanges.
Management s Responsibility
3.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility
of the Company s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents.
This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the
compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
Auditors Responsibility
4.
Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the
compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. IT is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the
financial statements of the Company.
5.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, IT is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether
the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year
ended 31 March 2026.
6.
We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the company in accordance with the
Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification of
Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI ), in so far as applicable
for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code
of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
7.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control
for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information and Other Assurance and Related Services
Engagements.
Opinion
8.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the
Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
9.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restriction on use
10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company
to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other
purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other
person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands IT may come without our prior consent in writing.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Place: Mumbai
Membership No: 113156
Date: 05 May 2026
ICAI UDIN: 26113156QUQBLG7816

STATUTORY REPORTS | Corporate Governance Report
Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
Mumbai - 400 001
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Mahindra and
Mahindra Limited having CIN L65990MH1945PLC004558 and having registered office at Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder,
Mumbai 400001 (hereinafter referred to as the Company ), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its
officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending
on March 31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Name of Director
DIN
Date of
Appointment
in the
Company*
1.
Mr. Anand Gopal Mahindra
00004695
01/08/2010
2.
Dr. Anish Dilip Shah
02719429
07/08/2020
3.
Mr. Rajesh Ganesh Jejurikar
00046823
07/08/2020
4.
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
00591503
08/08/2020
5.
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
07858587
08/08/2020
6.
Ms. Shikha Sanjaya Sharma
00043265
08/08/2019
7.
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
10387032
17/05/2024
8.
Mr. Ranjan Pant
00005410
17/05/2024
9.
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
10482731
17/05/2024
10.
Ms. Samina Hamied
00027923
07/10/2025
11.
Mr. Muthu Raju Paravasa Raju Vijay Kumar
05170323
07/10/2025
*
The date of appointment is as per the MCA portal.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an
assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has
conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Parikh & Associates
Practising Company Secretaries
Shalini Bhat
FCS No: 6484 CP No: 6994
PR No.: 7327/2025
UDIN: F006484H000276358
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 05, 2026
BUSINESS
RESPONSIBILITY AND
Sustainability
REPORT

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. DETAILS [GRI 2-1, 2-2, 2-3]
Corporate Identity Number (CIN)
L65990MH1945PLC004558
Name
Year of incorporation
Registered office address
Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai - 400001
Corporate address
Mahindra Towers, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, Worli,
Mumbai - 400018
E-mail
investors@mahindra.com
Telephone
+9122 6897 5500
Website
Financial Year for which reporting is being done
01-04-2025 to 31-03-2026
Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed
The Company s Ordinary (Equity) Shares are listed on
BSE Limited ( BSE ) and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited ( NSE ).
The Global Depository Receipts ( GDR s) of the Company
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are also
admitted for trading on International Order Book (IOB) of
the London Stock Exchange.
The Company s privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures
( NCD s) are listed on the Debt Segment of BSE.
Paid-up Capital
Rs. 6,21,76,44,155
Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report ('BRSR') report
Name of Contact Person
Rajeev Goyal
CEO - Agri and New Energy Businesses
Contact Number Of Contact Person
+9122 2884 9702
Email of Contact Person
goyal.rajeev@mahindra.com
Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report
made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on
a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities
which form a part of its consolidated financial statements,
taken, together).
The disclosures under this report are made on Standalone
basis.
Name of assessment or assurance provider
DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited
Type of assessment or assurance obtained
Reasonable Assurance obtained on the BRSR Core KPIs
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
II. PRODUCTS/SERVICES [GRI 2-6]
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the entity's turnover):
Description of main activity
Description of business activity
turnover of
the entity
Manufacturing
Motor vehicles, trailers, semi-trailers and other Transport
Vehicles
17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity s turnover):
Product/Service
NIC Code
% of total
Turnover
Automotive
29101, 29102, 29103, 29104, 29109, 28243
75.01
Farm Equipment
28211, 28212
24.99
III. OPERATIONS [GRI 2-6]
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Locations
Number of plants
Number of offices
Total
National
International
19. Markets served by the entity:

Number of locations
Locations
Number
National (No. of States)
28. States and 6 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries)

What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

4.11%

A brief on types of customers

The Company serves a wide spectrum of customers, including urban and rural populations, government agencies,
corporates, Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), agricultural and non-agricultural businesses, as well as tours and
travels operators amongst others. The Company's Passenger Vehicles business vertical caters to a diverse range of
customers across economic profiles and geographies.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
IV. EMPLOYEES [GRI 2-7, 2-8, 405-1, 401-1]
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:

Employees and workers (including differently abled):
No. Particulars
Total (A)
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
EMPLOYEES
1.
Permanent (D)
16,642
14,476
86.98
2,166
13.02
2.
Other than Permanent (E)
60.32
39.68
3.
Total employees (D + E)
17,083
14,742
86.30
2,341
13.70
WORKERS
4.
Permanent (F)
10,123
10,060
99.38
0.62
5.
Other than Permanent (G)
64,687
56,502
87.35
8,185
12.65
6.
Total workers (F + G)
74,810
66,562
88.97
8,248
11.03

Differently abled Employees and workers:
No. Particulars
Total (A)*
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1.
Permanent (D)
100.00
0.00
2.
Other than Permanent (E)
0.00
3.
Total differently abled employees (D + E)
100.00
0.00
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4.
Permanent (F)
100.00
0.00
5.
Other than Permanent (G)
86.21
13.79
6.
Total differently abled workers (F + G)
87.88
12.12
* Numbers mentioned above are based on voluntary disclosure from employees & workers
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Total (A)
No. and percentage of Females
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Board of Directors
36.36 %
Key Management Personnel
0.00 %
Notes
1.
Dr. Anish Shah, Group CEO and Managing Director, and Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), are classified under both
the Board of Directors and Key Management Personnel, in compliance with applicable provisions.
2.
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar and Ms. Samina Hamied were appointed as Independent Directors with effect from 7th October 2025, and form part of the Board
of Directors as on 31st March 2026.
3.
Mr. T. N. Manoharan ceased to hold office as an Independent Director with effect from 30th July 2025, due to his unfortunate demise.
4.
Mr. Narayan Shankar, Company Secretary and Key Management Personnel, retired with effect from 1st April 2025.
5.
Ms. Divya Mascarenhas was appointed as Interim Company Secretary and Key Management Personnel with effect from 2nd April 2025 and ceased to hold
office as Interim Company Secretary at the close of business hours on 15th July 2025.
6.
Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga was appointed as Company Secretary and Key Management Personnel with effect from 16th July 2025.
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers

(Disclose trends for the past 3 years)
FY 2025-26
(Turnover rate in current FY)
FY 2024-25
(Turnover rate in previous FY)
FY 2023-24
Turnover rate in the year prior to
the previous FY
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Total
Permanent Employees
10.6%
10.8%
10.6%
10.7%
12.0%
10.8%
13.7%
16.1%
13.8%
Permanent Workers*
5.9%
9.9%
5.9%
4.1%
1.9%
4.1%
5.8%
7.6%
5.8%
* Includes workers opted for retirement under voluntary retirement scheme of the Company
V. HOLDING, SUBSIDIARY AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES (INCLUDING JOINT VENTURES)
[GRI 2-2]
23. (a) Names of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures

For the year FY 2025-26, the below mentioned subsidiaries are those who have participated in Business Responsibility
initiatives of the Company, details of other subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Company are provided in
Form AOC 1 and form part of this Annual Report:
Name of the holding/ subsidiary/ associate
companies/ joint ventures (A)
Indicate whether
holding/ Subsidiary/
Associate/ Joint
Venture
shares held
by listed
entity*
Does the entity indicated
at column A, participate in
the Business Responsibility
initiatives of the listed entity?
(Yes/No)
Subsidiary**
61.00%
Yes
Subsidiary
99.06%
Yes
Subsidiary
100.00%
Yes
Subsidiary
66.74%
Yes
Subsidiary
52.49%
Yes
Subsidiary**
100.00%
Yes
Subsidiary**
98.43%
Yes
Subsidiary
52.41%
Yes
Subsidiary**
74.00%
Yes
Subsidiary**
89.00%
Yes
Subsidiary
59.58%
Yes
Subsidiary**
60.01%
Yes
Subsidiary
54.20%
Yes
* Percentage holding in subsidiaries represents aggregate percentage of shares/voting power held by the Company and/or its subsidiaries.
** Step-down Subsidiary
VI. CSR DETAILS [GRI 201-1]
24. CSR Details
Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013
Yes
Turnover (in Rs. crore)
1,45,575.77
Net worth (in Rs. crore)
73,994.77

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
VII. TRANSPARENCY AND DISCLOSURES COMPLIANCES [GRI 2-25]
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct:
Stakeholder
group from
whom complaint
is received
Grievance
Redressal
Mechanism in
Place (Yes/No)
if Yes, then provide web-link for
grievance redressal policy
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Number of
filed during
Number of
close of the
Remarks
Number of
filed during
Number of
close of the
Remarks
Communities
Yes
The
maintains
grievance redressal mechanism
each
plant,
providing
community
channel to register concerns.
NA
NA
Investors
(other than
shareholders)
Yes
Name of the Policy
Investors Grievance Redressal
Policy
Web-Link
NA
NA
Shareholders
Yes
Name of the Policy
Investors Grievance Redressal
Policy
Web-Link
129*
NA
47*
NA
Employees
and workers
Yes
Name of the Policy
Code of Conduct for Employees
Web-Link
208**
NA
NA
Customers***
Yes
Across the Company's touch
points
like
Owner s
Manual,
Website,
With
You
Hamesha
(WYH) App & Repair Orders,
customers are guided to connect
with the registered customer
care email id or toll-free number
for any feedback.
99,195***
2,016
NA
83,288
1,463
NA
Value Chain
Partners
Yes
Name of the Policy
Suppliers Code of Conduct
Web-Link
NA
NA
Other
NA
-
NA
-
NA
* Please note that the complaints received from shareholders pertain to non-receipt of shares, dividend, annual report etc. and not under any specific principles
of National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct. The increase in shareholders complaints during the reporting year is primarily due to regulatory
changes, growth in the shareholder base, and increased investor awareness.
** The increase in employee complaints reflects strengthened grievance redressal mechanisms, and improved employee awareness, leading to greater
transparency. Certain cases remain open as they are under detailed review to ensure fair and comprehensive resolution.
*** We adopt a proactive approach to identifying and addressing customer complaints. The reported figures include both service- and sales-related complaints,
contributing to the overall volume. In FY26, pre-sales have been excluded, as these primarily relate to enquiries and are not classified as complaints
26. Overview of the entity's material responsible business conduct issues [GRI 3-1, 3-2, 3-3, 201-2]

Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and
social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach
to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications
Material issue
Indicate
whether risk
or opportunity
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the
risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or
mitigate
Financial implications of the risk or opportunity
(Indicate positive or negative implications)
Product
Stewardship
O
The
continuously
reviews
improves
its
product stewardship by
integrating
quality control processes
aligning
design with the highest
safety and sustainability
standards. This includes
R&D
close
monitoring of customer
feedback to align with
evolving
expectations
and regulations.
NA
Positive Impact
Investments in sustainable product
development and quality improvements,
enhance
brand
reputation,
drive
customer loyalty, and result in greater
market share and reduced risk of
regulatory penalties or product recalls.
Resource
Circularity
(Including
Extended
Producer
Responsibility
(EPR) &
General
Waste
Management)
R
Evolving EPR mandates
waste
categories, such as end-
of-life vehicles, plastics,
batteries, and e-waste,
introduce
compliance
risks
challenges.
These
are
compounded by general
waste
obligations that require
extensive recycling and
disposal measures
The Company addresses this risk
through initiatives like CERO
Recycling for vehicle takebacks,
onboarding
lithium-ion
battery recyclers, authorized
plastic
recyclers,
used
oil collection via dealerships.
Supplier engagement ensures
compliance across all material
streams.
Negative Impact
These
involve
increased
compliance costs and investments in
waste infrastructure and traceability.
Positive Impact
They reduce the long-term risk of fines
and operational disruption due to non-
compliance.
Water
Management
R
Operating
water-
stressed
geographies
exposes the Company to
risks of resource scarcity,
disruptions,
restrictions.
Water
ensure
long-term
production stability.
The
adopted
proactive water conservation
strategies, including rainwater
harvesting systems, Zero Liquid
Discharge (ZLD) installations,
and water recycling initiatives
sites
minimize
freshwater dependency.
Positive Impact
While
capital-intensive
initially,
measures mitigate long-term operational
risks,
protecting
productivity and reducing potential future
liabilities.
Carbon
Emissions
R
The Company s operational
activities contribute to its
carbon footprint. Without
mitigation,
emissions
could lead to inefficiencies,
investor
concerns,
reputational risks.
The Company is investing in
renewable
energy,
improving
energy efficiency, and deploying
emissions
tracking
systems.
Projects such as 'Project Hariyali'
(afforestation) and decarbonization
roadmaps form part of the risk
mitigation strategy.
Negative Impact
These investments lead to higher capital
and operational expenditure in the short
term.
Positive Impact
They help avoid regulatory penalties
and maintain competitiveness.
Carbon
Emissions
O
The
Company s
commitment to becoming
carbon neutral by 2040
positions the Company
Sustainability
leader. This aligns with
global climate goals and
presents
avenues
innovation, efficiency, and
stakeholder engagement.
NA
Positive Impact
Transitioning early to a low-carbon
business model unlocks access to green
financing, improves brand equity, and
reduces long-term costs through energy
savings and process optimization.
The Company is transitioning toward
low-carbon operations through clean
energy adoption, green technologies, and
emission offset programs. Internal carbon
pricing and decarbonization strategies
support the 2040 net-zero target.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Material issue
Indicate
whether risk
or opportunity
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the
risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or
mitigate
Financial implications of the risk or opportunity
(Indicate positive or negative implications)
Corporate
Social
Responsibility
( CSR )
O
In alignment with the Group s
RISE Philosophy, CSR at
Mahindra is an integral part
of the business. There is a
defined CSR Policy which
outlines the CSR strategy
of investing in projects
that address nation building
priorities as well as focus
local
developmental
needs across the locations
The flagship CSR Initiatives
undertaken by the Company
focus
Empowering
Girls
education,
Empower Women through
skills
training,
Support
women by strengthening
maternity
newborn
healthcare and environment
conservation. These align to
the UN SDG Goals and CSR
Framework laid down by
the Government and the
Company s ESG goals.
NA
Positive Impact
In compliance with the requirement under
the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has
spent 2% of the average net profit for the
last three financial years on CSR Initiatives
during the reporting year.
The CSR Initiatives helped achieve the
following positive outcomes: -
1.
Empowering Girls Initiative is enabling
holistic development by integrating
curricular and extracurricular activities
in schools, helping girls transition
more
seamlessly
school
higher education and employment
opportunities.
2.
Womens Economic Empowerment has
created possibilities for women to have
access to opportunities to enhance
their socio-economic status through
employability and career readiness.
This initiative also supports women
farmers to enhance their livelihoods
by adapting regenerative agricultural
practices.
3.
Jal Samriddhi (Water Conservation)
efforts have contributed to water
security, biodiversity, improved soil and
agri-practices resulting in irrigation and
water conservation.
4.
Maternity and newborn care Initiative
will open avenues to quality health
care and treatment for needy patients
Health &
Safety
R
Health and safety lapses
can result in injury, legal
issues,
production
losses. Ensuring workforce
well-being
vital
sustainable
operations.
The
instituted
robust health and safety systems
that include frequent training,
regular
audits,
proactive
risk assessments to create a
strong safety culture and prevent
incidents across sites.
Positive Impact
While there are costs associated with
maintaining high safety standards, these
measures significantly reduce the financial
and reputational impact of workplace
incidents, regulatory actions, or downtime.
Sustainable
Supply Chain
R
The supply chain poses ESG
risks due to its complexity,
dependency
materials,
increasing
scrutiny from stakeholders.
Any disruptions or lack of
traceability can result in
reputational and operational
risks.
The Company has embedded
ESG due diligence across its
supply base as a core element
of its supplier governance and
risk
framework.
Supplier risks, including ESG,
health
safety,
labour,
risks,
are
systematically
monitored through screening and
periodic third-party assessments
and audits.
To support long-term supplier
transition,
implements a Supplier Business
Capability
Building

(SBCB)
Programme.
The
continues
strengthen supply chain resilience
local
sourcing
supplier diversification strategies.
Positive Impact
While implementing responsible sourcing
and supplier capacity-building increases
costs,
measures
are expected to reduce exposure to
long-term disruptions, supply shortages,
and reputational risks, thereby ensuring
stable margins.
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place
towards adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
P1
Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity in a manner that is ethical, transparent and accountable
P2
Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
P3
Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
P4
Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive towards all its stakeholders
P5
Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6
Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to restore the environment
P7
Businesses when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and transparent
P8
Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
P9
Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Disclosure Questions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Policy and Management Processes
Whether your entity s
policy/policies cover
each principle and its
core elements of the
NGRBCs. (Yes/No) [GRI
2-23, 2-11]
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Has the policy been
approved by the
Board? (Yes/No) [GRI
2-23, 2-11]
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Web Link of the
Policies, if available
[GRI 2-23, 2-11]
IT has been the Company s practice to upload all policies on the intranet site for the information
and implementation by the internal stakeholders.
Policies viz. Code of Conduct for Directors, Code of Conduct for Employees, Anti-Bribery and Anti-
Corruption Policy, Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment and Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy are available on the following web-link:
Refer policy mapping below
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Anti-Cor
ruption &
Anti Bribery
Policy
Suppliers
Code Of
Conduct
Safety
Policy
Corporate
Social Re
sponsibility
Policy
Human
Rights Policy
Environment
Policy
Code Of
Conduct &
Ethics
Corporate
Social Re
sponsibility
Policy
Code Of
Conduct &
Ethics
Code Of
Conduct of
Directors
Environment
Policy
Human
Rights Policy
Supplier
Code of
Conduct
Code of
Conduct for
Employees
Biodiversity
Policy
Suppliers
Code of
Conduct
Privacy
Policy
Policy on
Appointment
of Board of
Directors
Zero Waste
Whistle
Blower
Policy
Code
Highlights
for Business
Partners
Policy on
Prevention
of Sexual
Harassment
Zero Waste
Code
Highlights
for Business
Partners
Policy on Ad
vertising and
Marketing
Code of Fair
Disclosure of
UPSI
Code of
Conduct for
Employees
Investor
Grievance
Redressal
Policy
Supplier
Code of
Conduct
Water Policy
Investor
Grievance
Redressal
Policy
Information
Security
Management
System
Policy
Tax Policy
Supplier
Code of
Conduct
Conflict
Mineral
Policy

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Disclosure Questions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Materiality
Policy
Supplier
Code of
Conduct
Related
Party
Transaction
Policy
Whistle
Blower
Policy
Code of
Conduct for
Employees
Policy for
Remunera
tion
Familiar
isation
Programme
Whether the entity has
translated the policy
into procedures. (Yes/No)
[GRI 2-24, 2-10]
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Do the enlisted policies
extend to your value
chain partners? (Yes/No)
[GRI 2-23]
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
No
Name of the national
and international codes/
certifications/labels/
standards (e.g., Forest
Stewardship Council,
Fairtrade, Rainforest
Alliance, Trustee) standards
(e.g., SA 8000, OHSAS,
ISO, BIS) adopted by your
entity and mapped to each
principle.
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
ISO 14001

ISO 45001

ISO 9001 (QMS)

ISO 27001

ISO 50001 (EnMS)

GRI Standards

United Nations Global Compact ('UNGC')

Sustainable Development Goals ('SDGs')

Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) on
Climate Change & water,

S&P Global Corporate Sustainability
Assessment (CSA)

Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)

Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD)

WEF's Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics

European Union's ELV Directive

Governance, Leadership and Oversight
Specific commitments, goals and targets set
by the entity with defined timelines, if any.
[GRI 3-3]
The Company has set internal goals and targets on each of the principles with
a few listed below.
-
P1: Maintaining Gold Standard in governance compliance & disclosures and
Commitment to abide by Code of Conduct & Ethics
-
P5: The Company has a formal policy on Human Rights which is available
in the public domain, and the Company stands committed to the same.
-
P6: The Company is committed to becoming a Planet Positive business
with a clear action plan that includes becoming Carbon Neutral (Scope1
and 2) by 2040, doubling energy productivity by 2030, zero waste to
landfill by 2030, sustaining its water positivity index and increasing its
share of renewable energy to 100% by 2030.
Performance of the entity against the specific
commitments, goals and targets along-with
reasons in case the same are not met. [GRI 3-3]
The Company has a clear roadmap on material ESG aspects and planet positive
commitments. The detailed performance against roadmap/Action plan is
provided in the Sustainability Report.

57% emissions reduction from Auto sector and 39% from Farm sector
from Base year FY 2018-19. SBTi carbon neutrality commitment achieved
in auto sector

Energy productivity for FY 2025-26 is 122.9% for Auto division and Farm
Division 117.66%

~37% Renewable Energy share achieved in FY 2025-26

83% (19/23) of sites are ZWL certified

90.1% of waste generated recovered through recycling, reusing or other
recovery options

Water positivity sustained in FY 2025-26 (100.001%)
Statement by director responsible for the
business responsibility report, highlighting ESG
related challenges, targets and achievements
[GRI 2-22, 2-12]
Sustainability & climate action are central to Mahindra Group s long-term
vision, and our endeavour is to embed them into core business strategy. We
believe that progress must be accompanied by environmental responsibility and
societal well-being. Our ESG commitments are rooted in 3 pillars being planet
positive (Environment), people positive (Social), and trust positive (Governance)
Guided by 'Planet Positive' strategy, Mahindra businesses are progressing to
reduce our operational environmental impact, decarbonizing the industries
we operate in, focusing on climate adaptation & just transition, and advancing
our ESG leadership and climate advocacy actions. During the year, we made
progress in energy transition by accelerating energy efficiency measures,
renewable energy adoption, and electrification. Beyond emissions, we advanced
our work on water positivity, waste management, and material circularity. On
the Social front, our commitment is anchored in our core philosophy of "Rise,"
driving positive change for our employees, partners, and communities. We are
actively shaping a future-ready, diverse, and inclusive workforce and investing
in upskilling programs to prepare our people for the electric vehicle transition.
We continue to invest in safety in operations & supply chain particularly in fire
safety. Through our "Rise for Good" initiatives, we continue to empower rural
communities, foster girl-child education (through our flagship CSR programs
namely Nanhi Kali and Kaabil), and ensure an equitable, just transition for our
entire ecosystem as we move toward cleaner mobility solutions. On governance,
our framework is anchored on the pillars of integrity, transparency, responsibility,
and accountability. Through rigorous ESG disclosures, ethical supply chain
practices, responsible board oversight, and stakeholder engagement, we are
moving forward.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Details of the highest authority responsible for
implementation and oversight of the Business
Responsibility policy (ies). [GRI 2-13]
Dr. Anish Shah - Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN: 02719429) is the
Director responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business
Responsibility Policy(ies).
Does the entity have a specified Committee of
the Board/ Director responsible for decision
making
Sustainability
related
issues?
(Yes / No). If yes, provide details. [GRI 2-9]
Yes. The Company has a CSR Committee of the Board which oversees corporate
social responsibility projects & spend as well as sustainability performance of
the Company. IT currently comprises of 4 members including Non-executive and
Non-independent Director, Independent Directors, and Group CEO & Managing
Director. The details of the composition of the CSR Committee are provided in
the Corporate Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report.
The CSR Committee of the Board assesses the BRSR performance twice a year.
Other supporting councils or cells are Group Sustainability Council, Group CSR
Council, Central Safety Council and Corporate Governance Council, who meet
every 3 months for decision making related to sustainability issues.
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review
Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director /
Committee of the Board/ Any other Committee
Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any
other - please specify)
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Performance against
above policies and
follow up action
Yes
Half Yearly
Compliance with statutory
requirements of relevance to
the principles, and rectification
of any non-compliances
Yes
Quarterly
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
11.
Has the entity carried out independent
assessment/ evaluation of the working of
its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No).
If yes, provide name of the agency [GRI 2-5]
Yes, The Company maintains an independent and comprehensive internal audit
mechanism encompassing all organisational processes, functions, and critical policies.
This is complemented by periodic external assessments conducted across relevant
areas, including environment, safety, human rights, and governance, as applicable.
As part of the assurance framework for the BRSR and Sustainability Report, the
company s policies, processes, and SOPs are reviewed by DNV Business Assurance
India Private Limited.
12. If answer to question (1) above is "No" i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Question
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
The entity does not consider the Principles material to its
business (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
The entity is not at a stage where IT is in a position to formulate
and implement the policies on specified principles (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
The entity does not have the financial or/human and technical
resources available for the task (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
IT is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Any other reason (please specify)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core Elements with
key processes and decisions. The information sought is categorized as Essential and Leadership . While the essential indicators
are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators may be voluntarily
disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and ethically
responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1
BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY, AND IN A MANNER THAT IS ETHICAL,
TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year
[GRI 2-17, 2-24]
Segment
Total number of training and
awareness programmes held
Topics / principles covered under
the training and its impact
%age of persons in respective category covered
by the awareness programmes
Board of Directors
Familiarization Programmes which
cover Governance and Regulatory
Requirements, Risk Management,
Industry Outlook, Code of Conduct,
Conflict of Interest, Responsibilities
and Liabilities of Independent
Directors and
The Company s Code of Conduct
for Prevention of Insider Trading
and Business Responsibility &
Sustainability Policy.
Key Managerial
Personnel
Code of Conduct, Prevention of
Sexual Harassment at Workplace,
Whistle Blower Mechanism,
Anti Bribery & Anti-Corruption and
Gifts and Entertainment
Employees other
than BoD and KMPs
3*
Code of Conduct, Prevention of
Sexual Harassment at Workplace,
Whistle Blower Mechanism,
Anti Bribery & Anti-Corruption and
Gifts and Entertainment
Workers
Code of Conduct (COC), Prevention
of Sexual Harassment at Workplace
(PoSH), Whistle Blower Mechanism
* The above-mentioned data of trainings pertains exclusively to the ethical trainings conducted. Other than the above, trainings on topics such as Human
rights, Health & Safety, Skill upgradation, etc are also undertaken by the employees.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings
(by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the
financial year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as
specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as
disclosed on the entity's website) [GRI 2-27]:
Monetary*
NGRBC Principle
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement
agencies/ judicial institutions
Amount (In INR)
Brief of the Case
Has an appeal been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine
Nil
NA
-
NA
No
Settlement
Nil
NA
-
NA
No
Compounding fee
Nil
NA
-
NA
No
Non-Monetary*
NGRBC Principle
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement
agencies/ judicial institutions
Brief of the Case
Has an appeal been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Imprisonment
Nil
NA
NA
No
Punishment
Nil
NA
NA
No
* There are no fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the Company or by directors / KMPs)
with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions in the financial year which are material as specified in Regulation 30(4)((i)(c) of SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 ( LODR ). Please refer to Company's website at https://www.mahindra.com/investor-
relations/regulatory-filings to access the disclosures made to the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 30 of LODR for penalties levied by Tax Authorities
in connection with assessment matters.
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary
or non-monetary action has been appealed. [GRI 2-27]
Case Details
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
NA
NA
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,
provide a web-link to the policy [GRI 2-23, 3-3]

Yes, the Company has a policy on Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC policy). The ABAC policy of Mahindra Group
establishes a framework to ensure compliance with global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption laws and other required
practices. The Company adopts a strict zero-tolerance stance toward any form of bribery or corrupt practices, prioritizing
integrity over business gains. All stakeholders are required to comply with this policy or the relevant local laws - whichever
is stricter - and no exceptions or waivers are permitted. The policy outlines responsibilities and provides guidance to help
identify and manage bribery and corruption risks in interactions with various stakeholders such as government and private
entities etc. IT reflects Mahindra s commitment to acting professionally, fairly, and ethically in all business dealings, and is to
be read in conjunction with the Company s Code of Conduct.

The web-link to the policy is https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/policies-and-documents
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption [GRI 205-1, 205-3]:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Directors
KMPs
Employees
Workers
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest [GRI 2-25, 2-15]:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Number
Remarks
Number
Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of Interest of the Directors
NA
NA
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of Interest of the KMPs
NA
NA
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest. [GRI 205-3]

NA
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable*365)/ Cost of goods/ services procured) in the following
format:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Number of days of accounts payable
9. Open-ness of Business

Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along
with loans and advances & investments, with related parties:
Parameter
Metrics
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Concentration of
Purchases
Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases
0.07%
0.04%
Number of trading houses where purchases are made from
Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases from trading houses
95.7%
99.5%
Concentration of
Sales
Sales to dealers/ distributors as a % of total sales
96.2%
99.1%
Number of dealers/ distributors to whom sales are made
4,480
3,695
Sales to top 10 dealers/ distributors as a % of total sales to dealers/ distributors
13.9%
23.11%
Share of RPTs in
Purchases (Purchases with related parties/ Total purchases)
9.8%
10.5%
Sales (Sales to related parties/ Total Sales)
13.2%
7.7%
Loans & Advances (Loans & Advances given to related parties/ Total loans & advances)
108%*
111%
Investments (Investments in related parties/ Total Investments made)
16.7%
8.5%
* The share of RPTs in loans and advances exceeds 100% owing to repayment of certain prior period loans by related parties during the current financial
year, thereby causing the financial value to exceed the closing balance of total loans and advances.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year
[GRI 2-24]

The Company implements awareness and capacity-building initiatives across its supplier base such as ESG and Supplier
Risk Management & Mitigation (SRMM) Programmes. In addition, the Supplier Business Capability Building (SBCB)
programme is targeted at critical, long-term, strategic, and identified high-risk suppliers. Under these programmes, a range
of training sessions were conducted during FY 2025-26 covering corporate governance, ethical practices, transparency and
accountability, health and safety, employee wellbeing, and applicable regulatory requirements.

Since FY 2023-24, the Company has covered 72.4% of its suppliers, by value, under these awareness programmes. In
FY 2025-26, 32.5% of suppliers, by value, were covered under awareness programmes across all principles.

Details of the training programmes conducted are provided below.
Total number of awareness
programs held
Topics / principles covered under the training
%age of value chain partners covered (by value
of business done with such partners) under the
awareness programs
(42 Cumulatively from
FY 2023-24)
Essentials of Sustainability
Regulatory requirements of Environment, Social,
Governance, health, safety, & working conditions.
Various disclosures including BRSR & other
Reporting frameworks.
M&M s ESG commitments
Renewable Energy Workshop
32.5% in FY 2025-26
72.4% Cumulatively from FY 2023-24
(17 Cumulatively from
FY 2020-21)
Basics of industrial Safety
Safety risk mitigation techniques
Occupational Health & safety
Personal Protective Equipment
Regulatory requirements of health & safety
Electrical fire safety
11% in FY 2025-26
22.4% Cumulatively from FY 2020-21
(10 Cumulatively from
FY 2023-24)
ESG , Ethics, Transparency, accountability, Supplier
Risk Management, Value analysis & Value Engineering,
Program management, leadership, Strategy crafting
and exhibition
1.5% in FY 2025-26
13.1% Cumulatively from FY 2023-24
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board?
(Yes/No) If Yes, provide details of the same. [GRI 2-10, 2-15]

Yes, the Company has laid out a separate Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors which sets clear guidelines for avoiding
and disclosing actual or potential conflicts of interest with the Company. Directors are required to avoid any actual or perceived
conflicts of interest that could impair their ability to perform their duties objectively and effectively. While Directors may
engage in personal investments and maintain normal social or business interactions, they must not have interests that could
negatively influence their responsibilities as members of the Board. The Code of Conduct outlines these expectations and
provides guidance, although IT does not cover every possible scenario. Any suspected or potential conflict must be disclosed
promptly to the Chairman of the Board, who will assess the situation and decide on the appropriate action. Directors are
expected to recuse themselves from discussions or decisions where a conflict exists or may appear to exist. Further, the
Company also receives disclosure of interest at regular intervals from the directors.

Name of the Policy

Code of Conduct for Directors

Web-Link

PRINCIPLE 2
BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D
32*
Electrification Programs and Platforms
-
Continued investments in electric mobility through development of multiple Electric
Vehicle (EV) programs
-
Implementation and development aligned with Worldwide Harmonised Light vehicles Test
Procedure (WLTP) emission regulations across product lines
Expansion of Born Electric Vehicle Portfolio
-
Zero Tailpipe emission & improving air quality
-
Reducing reliance on Fossil fuel
Hybrid and Range Extender Technologies
-
Reducing fuel consumption and lowering emissions
Capex
39**
21**
* The variation is primarily attributable to a revision in the calculation methodology, resulting in improved classification of qualifying R&D expenditure in line
with internal reporting standards. Additionally, the reduction reflects the transition of certain projects from the development phase to commercialization,
and optimization of ongoing programmes.
** Capital expenditure related to electric vehicles & other technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of products and processes is done
through a separate entity Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited (MEAL) [a Subsidiary of the Company]. The same has been included in the scope of reporting.
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No) [GRI 308-1, 414-1] :

Yes

b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably? [GRI 308-1, 414-1]

The Company prioritizes responsible business practices by contributing to environmental protection and enhancing people's
performance through green procurement and services while ensuring business growth for the supply chain. The Company
has established a robust Supplier Code of Conduct to uphold ethical, environmental, and social standards across its value
chain. The Code of Conduct guides suppliers to engage in ethical, responsible, and legal business practices in their operations.
This Code is signed by more than 95% of suppliers by its purchase value.

The Company has been working to enhance the degree of sustainability associated with its sourcing practices under
ONE SOURCING . As part of the sourcing strategy, the Company has set up vendor parks near manufacturing plants,
source from tightly knit clusters, optimize logistics to reduce fuel consumption, emissions and carbon footprint.

Between FY 2023-24 and FY 2025-26, the Company conducted ESG due diligence for 68.1% of suppliers, by value.
Of these, 45.8% of suppliers, by value, reported the use of renewable energy, while 59% of suppliers, by value, were
recorded to be using recycled water in their operations.

In FY 2025-26, 11.9% of suppliers, by value, were covered under ESG due diligence, of which 42% of suppliers,
reported the use of renewable energy and 51% of suppliers, reported the use of recycled water. Further, company is
exploring potential collaboration with suppliers towards the adaptation of renewable energy through group companies
who produce renewable energy.

In addition, 43% of suppliers, by value, in the Company's value chain are ISO certified (ISO 14001 or 45001).
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of
life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste. [GRI 3-3, 306-2]

CERO, which is India's first and largest network of vehicle recycling company, is a brand under subsidiary Mahindra MSTC
Recycling Private Limited, established in collaboration with Government of India Enterprise (GOI). CERO strives to promote
circularity and achieve the goal of zero pollution, wastage and metal scrap imports.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

(a) Plastics (including packaging)

Plastic which is being removed from end-of-life vehicle is recycled through agencies authorized by the Pollution Control
Board. Granules are prepared from the plastic waste and used as raw material for making new product. The Company
does not use any packaging material in its process.

The post-consumer plastic packaging waste generated from product and spares are disclosed under Extended Producer
Responsibility ( EPR ) obligations of the Company and its suppliers. Waste management agencies and recyclers authorized
by the Pollution Control Board are engaged to fulfil the EPR targets through channelization of plastic packaging waste
from post-consumer market and also through procurement of recycling certificates from authorized recyclers.

(b) E-waste

E-waste is recycled through recyclers authorized by the Pollution Control Board as per The E-Waste (Management)
Rules, 2022.

(c) Hazardous waste

All hazardous waste from the vehicle is removed before beginning the scrapping process. This includes collection of fluid
and CFC. The Hazardous waste (fluid) is sent to agencies authorized by the Pollution Control Board for recycling/refining.

(d) Other waste

All the ferrous and non-ferrous metals are extracted from the vehicle for recycling. Some parts are also sold to end
user / garage people for reuse purpose, which are allowed as per Automotive Industry Standard (AIS) 129.

Lead-acid battery waste generated in post-consumer market are disclosed under the EPR obligation of battery suppliers
to the Company, who ensure recycling through agencies authorized by the Pollution Control Board.

The Company aligns with the European Union's ELV Directive, advocating for the responsible dismantling and recycling
of End-of-Life Vehicles (ELVs) to minimize environmental impact. Our initiatives include preventing specific heavy metals,
de-pollution of fluids, marking polymeric parts, and achieving reuse, recycling, and recovery targets. This directive
applies to M1 and N1 vehicle categories, ensuring compliance irrespective of the vehicle's service history. Moreover,
all of the Company s products are designed with 100% recyclability or reusability. We ensure major models are devoid
of hazardous materials like Lead, Cadmium, and Mercury. Comprehensive dismantling manuals are readily available for
all the Company s vehicles. To meet EEC directive 2005/64/EC for ELV regulation, we have implemented specialized
procedures. Additionally, for European exports we adhere to the EC directive on Recycle, Recovery & Reuse (RRR).
Some of our best-selling products such as the XUV700, Scorpio-N and XUV500 have recovery rates above 95%
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity's activities (Yes / No).

Yes

If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted
to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.

Yes
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing
industry) or for its services (for service industry)?

Yes

If yes, provide details
NIC Code
Name of
Product/
Service
% of total
Turnover
Boundary
for which the
Life Cycle
Perspective /
Assessment was
conducted
Whether
conducted by
independent
external agency
(Yes/No)
Results
communicated
in public domain
(Yes/No)
If yes, provide
the web-link.
29101
Monocoque SUV*
45%
Cradle to grave
Yes
No
-
* The Company has undertaken Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) for its automotive sector and aims to scale this effort across its wider product portfolio.
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of
your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other
means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same. [GRI 3-3, 306-1, 306-2]

No significant social or environmental risks were identified from the Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) studies carried out.
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Recycled or re-used input material to total material
Indicate Input Material
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Steel
5%
-
Aluminium
22% - 25%
-
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled,
and safely disposed [GRI 301-2, 301-3]:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Re-Used
Recycled
Safely
Disposed
Re-Used
Recycled
Safely
Disposed
Plastics (including packaging)
-
6,642.0
-
2,413.80
-
E-waste
-
Hazardous waste
-
Other waste
-
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
[GRI 301-2, 301-3]
Indicate product category
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products
sold in respective category
Plastics used for protecting or packaging parts of the vehicles sold
& Packaging used in Spare Parts Business
The Company recycled 100% of plastic as part of its EPR Compliance under the
Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016.
PRINCIPLE 3
BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF ALL EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING THOSE IN THEIR
VALUE CHAINS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. a.
Details of measures for the well-being of employees [GRI 401-2]:
Category
% of employees covered by
Total
(A)
Health insurance
Accident insurance
Maternity Benefits
Paternity Benefits
Day Care facilities
Number
(B)
% (B/A)
Number
(C)
% (C/A)
Number
(D)
% (D/A)
Number
(E)
% (E/A)
Number
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent employees
Male
14,476
100%
14,476
100%
NA
NA
14,476
100.00
0.00
Female
2,166
100%
2,166
100%
2,166
100%
NA
NA
2,166
100.00
Total
16,642
100%
16,642
100%
2,166
100%
14,476
100.00
2,166
13.02
Other than Permanent employees
Male
100%
NA
NA
0.00
Female
100%
NA
NA
100.00*
Total
100%
0.00
39.68
Note: All employees are covered under wellbeing measures as per applicable legal requirements
* The Company has established processes to ensure that requests for daycare facilities from female workers are duly considered and addressed wherever
feasible and in line with applicable guidelines.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category
% of workers covered by
Total (A)
Health insurance
Accident insurance
Maternity Benefits
Paternity Benefits
Day Care facilities
Number
(B)
% (B/A)
Number
(C)
% (C/A)
Number
(D)
% (D/A)
Number
(E)
% (E/A)
Number
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent workers
Male
10,060
NA
NA
Female
NA
NA
Total
10,123
0.62
Other than Permanent workers
Male
56,502
NA
NA
Female
8,185
NA
NA
8,185
Total
64,687
8,185
12.65
Note: All workers are covered under wellbeing measures as per applicable legal requirements

c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the company
0.51%
0.34%
2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year. [GRI-201-3]
Benefits
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
No. of employees
employees
No. of workers
workers
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of employees
employees
No. of workers
workers
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF^
Yes
Yes
Gratuity ^
Yes
Yes
ESI^
NA
Yes
NA
Yes
Other - Please
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
^ All eligible employees and workers are covered
3. Accessibility of workplaces

Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements
of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this
regard. [GRI 3-3]

Yes. The facilities are designed to ensure accessibility, including ramps, wider doorways, elevators, and designated restrooms
for differently-abled individuals. Additionally, the company ensures that all necessary adjustments are made to support
employees with disabilities, enabling them to perform their duties effectively.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so,
provide a web-link to the policy. [GRI 3-3]

Yes, the Company has an Equal Opportunity Policy in place and ensures its implementation across the organization.
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave. [GRI 401-3]
Permanent employees
Permanent workers*
Gender
Return to work rate
Retention rate
Return to work rate
Retention rate
Male
100%
100 %
NA
NA
Female
100%
100 %
NA
NA
Total
100%
100 %
NA
NA
* In FY 2025-26 no permanent worker availed parental leave.
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and
worker? [GRI 2-25]

Yes
If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of
the mechanism in brief)
Remark
Permanent Workers
Yes
The Company has a policy on Whistle-blower mechanism and
Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH) to provide
a work environment that ensures all employees (permanent/
temporary including workers) at the workplace are treated with
respect, dignity and are afforded equal as well as fair treatment.
Complaints relating to sexual harassment are handled by the
respective region-wise Internal Committees under the Company's
gender-neutral POSH policy.
The Whistle-Blower Policy establishes a vigil mechanism to report
any other violations of the Company policies/unethical activities/
applicable laws These complaints are handled by the respective
Ethics and Governance Committees.
Other than Permanent Workers
Yes
Permanent Employees
Yes
Other than Permanent Employees
Yes
7.
Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity [GRI 2-30, GRI 402-1,
GRI 407-1]
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total employees /
workers in
respective
category (A)
No. of employees /
workers in respective
category, who are
part of association(s)
or Union (B)
% (B/A)
Total employees
/ workers in
respective
category (C)
No. of employees /
workers in respective
category, who are
part of association(s)
or Union (D)
% (D/C)
Total
Permanent
Employees
16,642
0.00
14,755
0.00
- Male
14,476
0.00
13,181
0.00
- Female
2,166
0.00
1,574
0.00
Total
Permanent
Workers
10,123
7,137
70.50
10,467
8,615
82.31
- Male
10,060
7,122
70.80
10,409
8,602
82.64
- Female
23.81
22.41

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
8. Details of training given to employees and workers [GRI 403-5, GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2]:
Category
FY 2025-26*
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
On Health and
safety measures
On Skill upgradation
Total (D)
On Health and
safety measures
On Skill upgradation
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Employees
Male
14,742
12,680
86.01
13,472
12,819
95.15
11,564
85.84
Female
2,341
2,043
87.27
1,747
1,577
90.27
1,567
89.70
Total
17,083
14,723
86.19
15,219
14,396
94.59
13,131
86.28
Workers
Male
66,562
37,601
56.49
56,915
53,225
93.52
29,254
51.40
Female
8,248
5,988
72.60
6,622
4,900
74.00
4,851
73.25
Total
74,810
43,589
58.27
63,537
58,125
91.48
34,105
53.67
* Permanent as well as other than permanent employees and workers have been considered while arriving at the %.
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker [GRI 404-3]:
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No. (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Male
14,476
100.00
13,181
100.00
Female
2,166
100.00
1,574
100.00
Total
16,642
100.00
14,755
100.00
Workers
Male
10,060
1,892
18.80
10,409
1,125
10.81
Female
49.2
53.45
Total
10,123
1,923
19.00
10,467
1,156
11.04
10. Health and safety management system [GRI 403-1, GRI 403-2, GRI 403-4, GRI 403-6]:

a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No).
If yes, the coverage such system?

Yes. All plants are ISO 45001: 2018 certified / Re-certified for OHSMS by M/s TuV Nord and BSI.

b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine
basis by the entity?

The Company has established a comprehensive and structured approach to identify work-related hazards and assess
risks for both routine and non-routine activities across all facilities.

1.
Systematic Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment

Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment - Control (HIRA-C) is conducted for all routine and non-routine
activities at plant level.

Process Hazard Analysis including HAZOP, QRA, and HIRA, as applicable to operations

Task Analysis and Job Safety Analysis (JSA) is carried out for specific tasks and activities to identify task-level
hazards.

Aspect and Impact Assessments are undertaken to evaluate operational safety and environmental risks.

2.
Change and Non Routine Activity Management

Management of Change (MOC) process implemented to identify and mitigate risks arising from changes in
processes, equipment, or operating conditions.

Permit to Work (PTW) system strictly followed for high risk and non routine activities to ensure appropriate
controls and authorisations.

3.
Inspections, Audits and Assessments

Internal and external safety audits, including specialised electrical safety audits and fire safety audits,
undertaken periodically.

Safety assessments and surveys carried out to evaluate workplace conditions and risk exposure.

4.
Governance and Review Mechanisms

Plant level Safety Committee meetings for site specific hazard identification and corrective action tracking.

Department level Safety Sub Committee (SSC) meetings to address functional safety risks.

Sector Safety SPOC fortnightly review meetings to monitor trends and key risk areas.

5.
Leadership Engagement and Observations

Safety Observation Tours (SoT) conducted by management to identify unsafe acts and conditions and reinforce
safety culture.

Rise with Safety monthly review meetings led by senior leadership to review critical safety risks across
business divisions.

c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from
such risks. (Y/N)

Yes, A Plant Safety Committee is constituted at each manufacturing plant in accordance with the Factories Act, 1948,
providing a formal forum for workers to raise safety-related concerns, report hazards, and discuss corrective actions.
M&M also has the following processes in place:

1.
Hazard Identification and Risk Mitigation Process

Standard Operating Procedure for Identification of works related identified Hazards and Risk Mitigation Plan

Workmen participation and involvement in Job Safety Analysis and Safety Committee Meetings for identification
of Hazards / Risks and implementation of effective control measures.

Robust Work Permit System followed for critical identified operations

2.
Reporting, Monitoring, and Preventive Mechanisms

Safety concerns are discussed in daily work management (DWM) for the plant critical observations across
departments are discussed, employees also participate in Safety observation tour (SOT) identification &
elimination of Unsafe acts, Unsafe conditions & At-Risk behaviours.

Near-miss Incident Reporting and action towards completion is in place.

CCTV Observations and completion actions in place

3.
Employee Engagement and Safety Culture

Safety Employee of the month is declared every month who works towards safety.

At manufacturing locations, various annual events like Road Safety Week, National Safety Day/Month and Fire
Service Week were celebrated.

4.
Training and Capability Building

Regular training programmes on safety, health, and environment are conducted, supported by on the job
training (OJT) and virtual reality (VR) - based learning modules for competency building.

At Abhiyantriki, safety, health, and environment competency-building initiatives include dexterity training
programmes for associates.

Special focus is placed on safety and fire safety through the introduction of Self-Managed Teams (SMTs),
aligned with the Company s sustainability roadmap.

d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ No)

Yes, the annual medical examination conducted for all employees include early identification and diagnosis of lifestyle
diseases (non-occupational diseases). The health index of the working population is derived from the annual medical
examination every year. Other than lifestyle diseases IT includes addressal of sleep disorders and abnormal eating
habits.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
11. Details of safety related incidents [GRI 403-9, GRI 403-10]:
Safety Incident/Number
Category*
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-person hours worked)
Employees
Workers
0.07
0.09
Total recordable work-related injuries
Employees
Workers
No. of fatalities
Employees
Workers
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding fatalities)
Employees
Workers
* Including in the contract workforce
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace. [GRI 3-3, GRI 403-2, GRI 403-9,
GRI 403-10]

The Company has implemented a comprehensive and multi-layered occupational health and safety framework to ensure a
safe and healthy workplace for employees and associates. The key measures include the following:

1.
Awareness and Capacity Building

Mandatory safety induction for all new joinees prior to commencement of work.

Comprehensive safety training for employees and contract associates at Abhiyantriki, including induction, refresher,
dexterity, and on-the-job training, followed by safety assessments.

Toolbox Talks conducted regularly, with special focus on high risk activities.

Continuous safety awareness through Mahindra Life Saving Principles (MLSP) and structured safety communication
initiatives.

Behaviour Based Safety (BBS) implementation, including regular safety observations by management.

2.
Hazard Identification, Audits and Inspection

Periodic internal and external safety audits, including walk through audits to identify unsafe conditions across
workplaces.

Dedicated fire safety audits and electrical safety audits conducted at defined intervals.

Theme based safety campaigns and monthly safety themes deployed across plants and sectors for focused risk
mitigation.

Routine safety inspections, HIRA sheets, and Job Safety Analysis (JSA) at plant and departmental levels.

3.
Risk Management

Daily Work Management (DWM) system for tracking and closure of safety observations daily.

Management of Change (MOC) process, gap audits, safe operating procedures, and pre startup and shutdown
safety protocols.

Permit to Work (PTW) system, including Lockout Tagout Tryout (LOTOTO), for high risk and non routine jobs.

Critical equipment and machinery check to ensure mechanical integrity and safe operations.

4.
Emergency Preparedness

Structured incident investigation and corrective action mechanisms.

On site emergency preparedness plans, mock drills, and response evaluations.

Contractor Safety Management, including competency assessments, safety training, and compliance monitoring.

Robust Legal and Compliance Management Systems, with monthly certifications generated through M Compliance
and E Compliance portals.

5.
Occupational Health Monitoring

Periodic environmental monitoring and measurements for noise, heat, ventilation, air quality, and water, conducted
as per scheduled programs.

Health and safety surveys to assess workplace exposure and risks.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers [GRI 2-25]:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Working Conditions
NA
NA
Health & Safety
NA
NA
14. Assessments for the year [GRI 3-3]:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices
100.00 (100% coverage of plants through both internal and external audits and assessments)
Working Conditions
100.00 (100% coverage of plants through both internal and external audits and assessments)
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on
significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions. [GRI 3-3,
GRI 403-9, GRI 403-10]

HIRA C is a dynamic and live document that is periodically updated and reviewed to ensure safety across all routine and
non-routine operations performed in the plant. In the event of a Near Miss or Injury Incident, detailed investigation by
cross-functional teams carried out to identify root causes to prevent recurrence and the HIRA sheets are revised with
adequate control measures for performing the respective activity. Adequate control measures are accordingly implemented
to address risks and ensure safe execution of the respective activity.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees
(Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N). [GRI 401]

A. Employees - Yes

B. Workers - Yes
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited
by the value chain partners.

The Company has set stringent Code of Conduct (CoC) for all supplier partners. This Code of Conduct is signed by most of
our suppliers. M&M Code of conduct includes clauses like regulatory compliance, human rights, respect & dignity, no child
or forced labor, minimum wages, hours of work, accounting and reporting, bribery, corruption & money laundering, tax laws
compliance.

Also, we conduct third party on-site ESG audits at identified and prioritized suppliers to verify the compliance. This audit
covers compliance related topics such as Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions act, 1952, Child Labour (Prohibition
and Regulation) Act, 1986; Employees State Insurance Act, 1948; Minimum Wages Act, 1948; Payments of Wages Act, 1936;
Payment of Bonus Act, 1965; Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972; Leave and workmen s compensation for accidents, etc.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health /
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment [GRI 3-3]:
Total no. of affected employees/ workers
No. of employees/workers that are
rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have
been placed in suitable employment
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Employees
Workers
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management
of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No) [GRI 404-2]

Yes, for all employees transitioning into retirement, the Company offers comprehensive workshops and seminars focused
on post-retirement financial and health management.

In case of separations, as applicable, severance packages are offered to departing employees. In certain cases, retiring
employees are hired back on a contract basis, in an advisory capacity.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners [GRI 414-2]:

and culture of fair, ethical, and responsible business practices. Over a period, 95%of suppliers by its purchase value signed
the Supplier Code of Conduct, affirming their compliance with key health, safety, and labour standards, including provisions
related to occupational health and safety and workplace well being.

The Company conducts onsite safety audits at prioritized suppliers through renowned third-party agencies. These third-
party audits cover various aspects such as occupational health, safety, employee well-being and working conditions. The
company-initiated safety audits in FY 2020-21. Till date audits have been completed for 67% of suppliers, by value. In FY
2025-26, the Company conducted audits of 13% of suppliers, by value. The Company also initiated safety audits for tier-2
suppliers in this financial year.

The Company initiated ESG due diligence in FY 2023-24, which was continued through FY26. Cumulatively, due diligence has
been completed for 68.1% of suppliers, by value, since FY 2023-24. During FY 2025-26, ESG due diligence was conducted
for 11.9% of suppliers, by value.

The ESG due diligence of suppliers is aimed at strengthening responsible sourcing efforts. IT involves an assessment of
employee health and safety, employee wellbeing, environmental impact, working conditions, and other relevant environmental,
social, and governance aspects. The due-diligence process also evaluates critical safety and labour parameters, including
occupational safety practices, working conditions, and minimum wage compliance.
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices

13% in FY 2025-26

67% Cumulatively from FY 2020-21
Working Conditions

11.9% in FY 2025-26

68.1% Cumulatively from FY 2023-24
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners. [GRI 414-2]

There were no significant risks/concerns noticed during onsite supplier assessments with regards to occupational health,
safety and working conditions. However, for the supplier audits where minor concerns were observed related to safety
at supplier location, the suppliers have submitted the corrective action plans. The implementation of action plans and its
effectiveness is verified through re-audits.

As a proactive measure to strengthen safety practices across the value chain, the company also undertakes structured
training and awareness programmes on health, safety, and working conditions for suppliers. These programmes are designed
to enhance supplier awareness, reinforce compliance with applicable standards, and promote continuous improvement in
workplace health and safety performance.
PRINCIPLE 4
BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO ALL ITS STAKEHOLDERS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity. [GRI 2-29]

The Company identifies its stakeholders based on the Value Chain of the businesses and how they influence the Company.
The Company also believes in being a neighbour of choice and works in consultation with neighbourhood communities in
and around the vicinity of its business operation as well as in some of the aspirational districts beyond the neighbourhood.
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder
group. [GRI 3-1, GRI 2-29]
Stakeholder
Group
Whether identified
as Vulnerable &
Marginalized Group
(Yes/No)
Channels of communication
(Email, SMS, Newspaper,
Pamphlets, Advertisement,
Community Meetings, Notice
Board, Website), Other
Frequency of
engagement (Annually/
Half yearly/ Quarterly /
others - please specify)
Purpose and scope of
engagement including key
topics and concerns raised
during such engagement
Shareholders
No
Website, E-mail, Newsletters,
dissemination of information
on the website of the Stock
Exchanges,
Press
Releases,
Annual
Reports,
General
Meetings,
Institutional
Investors Meets
Quarterly/Event-based
Dissemination
information
having
bearing
performance/operations
the Company including price
sensitive information, updating
Shareholders
statutory
requirements
respect to their shareholding
Company,
addressing
shareholders queries at the
General Meetings, earnings call
institutional
investors/
analysts in respect of quarterly/
half-yearly/annual
results
Employees
No
Website, E-mail, Newsletters
Regular
Open
&
transparent
communication.
Addressing
employees
questions
&
clarifications
Community
Yes
Community Meetings
Regular
Project progress and benefits.
Wellbeing, empowerment and
awareness initiatives extended
to communities through an
inclusive approach to foster trust
among community partners
Suppliers
No
Website, E-mail, Newsletters
Regular
Business
Model
Resilience,
Supply
Chain
Management,
Materials Sourcing & Material
Efficiency
Dealers
No
Website, E-mail
Regular
Service Quality, Sustainability &
Creating Customer Delight
Customer
No
Website, E-mail, Newsletters
Regular
Product Quality & Safety, Selling
Practices & Product Labelling,
Access & Affordability

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and
social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
[GRI 2-12, GRI 2-13, GRI 2-29]

Engaging with stakeholders is crucial to ensure that the Company s decisions and actions are in line with their expectations.
As a key driver of sustainable and responsible business practices, IT fosters trust and collaboration, drives innovation and
manages risks effectively. Our leadership engages through multiple platforms to ensure stakeholder feedback on economic,
environmental, and social matters meaningfully informs organizational decision-making.

Please refer to the Stakeholder Engagement Section of the Company s Sustainability Report to understand how the
Company engages with diverse stakeholder groups to consult on economic, environmental and social topics.

The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) committee of the Board of Directors also has ESG under its purview. The CSR
Committee sets a direction for ESG and CSR Agenda for the Company and other group companies. The Company also has a
Sustainability Council chaired by Dr. Anish Shah, Group CEO and Managing Director and consists of all the Group Executive
Board (GEB) members. The Council approves new initiatives and monitors progress of integration of the ESG parameters in
business and operations.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and
social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these
topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity. [GRI 3-1]

Yes, as part of the Company s materiality assessment, environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, that are significant
and relevant to the Company s operation and stakeholders, are identified. The materiality process involves a collaborative
mapping exercise that engages all stakeholders in the identification of key issues. Top management engagement and
stakeholder consultations lead to the development of a final material assessment matrix and a strategic roadmap. Please
refer to the rise for an equal world section of the Annual Report to learn more about measures the Company has
undertaken as part of the materiality assessment process that was undertaken.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalized stakeholder groups. [GRI 2-29]

The key material issue in social capital is CSR management, where we focus on formulating community-centric policies and
implementing a sustainable strategy.

As per the Company s CSR Policy and in alignment with its core purpose, the CSR mission focuses on:

Empower Girls through education

Empower Women through skills training

Support women by strengthening maternity and newborn healthcare

Water Conservation

Some of our key initiatives include:

1.
Project Nanhi Kali: The flagship CSR initiative supports the education of girls from economically disadvantaged
backgrounds across India. The program focuses on learners from Grades 6 to 10 through targeted educational and
sports initiatives.

2.
Kaabil: This initiative empowers women by providing industry-relevant skills training aligned with emerging market
needs. The program offers training across three pathways: Employability Skilling, Domain Skilling, and Agri-Skilling, to
enhance livelihood opportunities and long-term economic independence.

3.
Maternity and Newborn Health care: This initiative focuses on addressing critical gaps in maternal and early-life
healthcare. The program aims to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes, laying the foundation for healthier
families and communities.

4.
Jal Samriddhi (Water Conservation): As a part of its environmental conservation efforts, the company implements
climate-resilient water management and conservation. Through community participation and ownership, the program
undertakes water conservation projects across diverse geographies to prevent soil erosion, improve soil health, and
enhance groundwater recharge through the creation and strengthening of water structures.
PRINCIPLE 5
BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN RIGHTS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity
[GRI 2-24, GRI 205-2, GRI 403-5, GRI 404-1]
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
No. of
employees/
workers covered
(B)
% (B / A)
Total (C)
No. of
employees/
workers covered
(D)
% (D / C)
Employees
Permanent
16,642
16,475
99.00
14,755
14,066
95.33
Other than permanent
99.09
89.89
Total Employees
17,083
16,912
99.00
15,219
14,483
95.16
Workers
Permanent
10,123
9,817
96.98
10,467
7,549
72.12
Other than permanent
64,687
42,151
65.16
53,070
44,340
83.55
Total Workers
74,810
51,968
69.47
63,537
51,889
81.67
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format [GRI 202-1, GRI 405-2]:
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than Minimum
Wage
Total (D)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than Minimum
Wage
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Employees
Permanent
16,642
14,755
0.00
14,755
Male
14,476
13,181
0.00
13,181
Female
2,166
1,574
0.00
1,574
Other than
permanent
0.00
Male
0.00
Female
0.00

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than Minimum
Wage
Total (D)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than Minimum
Wage
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Workers
Permanent
10,123
10,467
0.00
10,467
Male
10,060
10,409
0.00
10,409
Female
0.00
Other than
permanent
64,687
22,840
0.00
22,840
Male
56,502
21,604
0.00
21,604
Female
8,185
1,236
0.00
1,236
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages [GRI 2-19, GRI 2-21]:
a. Median remuneration/ wages
Male
Female
Number
Median remuneration/ salary/
wages of respective category
Number
Median remuneration/ salary/
wages of respective category
Board of Directors (BoD)
8*
1.04 Cr
1.04 Cr
Key Managerial Personnel
4**
17.99 Cr
-
Employees other than BoD and
KMP***
14,476
0.19 Cr
2,166
0.13 Cr
Workers
10,060
0.08 Cr
0.04 Cr
* The number includes a former member of the Board of Directors, to whom sitting fees were paid during the reporting period
** Includes Group CEO & Managing Director and Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector) who are also covered in the number of directors on the Board
*** The overall difference in median remuneration/salary/wages observed across gender categories for Employees other than BoD & KMP is largely driven
by the workforce composition across management levels, rather than a disparity in pay for equivalent roles. A level-wise analysis reflects an equitable pay
structure within each management band.
Category
Sub-category
Male
Female
Median remuneration/
salary/ wages
Median remuneration/
salary/ wages
Employees other than BoD and KMP
Senior Management
0.95 Cr
1.13 Cr
Middle Management
0.24 Cr
0.21 Cr
Junior Management
0.11 Cr
0.09 Cr
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Gross wages paid to females as % total wages*
8.46%
8.05%
*For the purpose of this disclosure, only wages paid to permanent employees and workers have been considered.
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No) [GRI 2-13]

Yes, there is an Ethics helpline (ethics.mahindra.com) that addresses all such issues through respective Ethics and Governance
Committees having a structured mechanism for investigation and closure.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues. [GRI 2-25]

The Company has policies and has laid down processes against Sexual harassment and discrimination at workplace.

Prevention of Sexual Harassment (PoSH) policy includes processes for addressing complaints relating to sexual harassment
at workplace:

Prevention of Sexual Harassment (PoSH) policy is available in eight regional languages

The Company has established Internal Committees at respective regions to handle POSH cases.

Complaints can be made to the Internal Committee members through email or letter. In addition to this we also have
a centralised email ID (posh@mahindra.com) to receive complaints.

The PoSH policy is gender neutral and ensures confidentiality of the complainant.

All the complaints pertaining to the financial year are investigated within the timeframe of 90 days as statutorily
required.

Ethics and Governance policies include processes for human rights grievance redressal practices:

The Company has implemented a detailed Code of Conduct and Whistle-blower policy as a guidance and redressal
mechanism to address any violations.

Any actual or potential breach of Mahindra s Code must be reported irrespective of the parties involved, through

SpeakUp Helpline or webportal

Chief Ethics Officer/Human Resource representative/Line Manager

Board of Directors

Directly address to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee

Write to ethics@mahindra.com

The Whistle-blower policy strictly practices non-retaliation against the complainants and keeps their identity confidential.

The Company has established Ethics Committees consisting of senior officials who look into the complaints received,
investigations required and actions to be taken.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers [GRI 2-25, GRI 406-1]:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Sexual Harassment
NA
NA
Discrimination at
-
NA
-
NA
Child Labour
-
NA
-
NA
Forced Labour/
Involuntary Labour
-
NA
-
NA
Wages
-
NA
-
NA
Other human rights
related issues
-
NA
-
NA

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,
2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/ workers
0.27%
0.26%
Complaints on POSH upheld
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases. [GRI 2-25]

The Company has robust policies and processes against discrimination and harassment-free workplace.

The Company has a gender-neutral Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) policy and Whistle-blower policy with stringent
processes for maintaining complainant confidentiality and to prevent any kind of retaliation. The Company respects the
privacy of the complainant and practices a zero-tolerance approach against any deviation from this practice.

Both these policies cover the requirements of applicable laws, and all bona fide complaints are assured utmost confidentiality.

The Company s policies allow reporting violations both anonymously and non-anonymously which have a detailed process
of investigation respectively. Further, malicious complaints and complaints made with wrongful intent may also face a
disciplinary action post the required investigation.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No) [GRI 2-23, GRI 2-24,
GRI 414 & GRI 3-3]

Yes, the Company has a policy on zero child labour, zero tolerance for discrimination at workplace and other human rights
violations which extends to the value chain as well.
10. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Child labour
100.00
Forced/involuntary labour
100.00
Sexual harassment
100.00
Discrimination at workplace
100.00
Wages
100.00
Others
NA
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 10 above.

NA
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/
complaints. [GRI 2-25, GRI 3-3]

There have been no human rights grievances / complaints in FY 2025-26 requiring the Company to modify its business
processes or introduce new business processes.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted. [GRI 3-1, GRI 3-3]

The scope and coverage of Human Rights Due Diligence extends to the Company s operations and its value chain partners.

The Company is a signatory to the United Nation Global Compact and is committed to the highest standards of human
conduct and the dignity of all those associated with the Company. The Company s Human Rights Policy ensures that all
sectors/business units assess the human rights implications of investments, encompassing new projects, joint ventures,
acquisitions of existing businesses, and all business partnerships like vendors, dealers, and suppliers.

As part of strengthening its human rights due diligence framework, the Company is currently undergoing the SA8000
certification process an internationally recognized standard for decent workplaces, grounded in the principles of international
human rights norms and national labor laws. This process includes a rigorous evaluation of core areas such as child labor,
forced or compulsory labor, health and safety, freedom of association, discrimination, disciplinary practices, working hours,
and remuneration.

The certification process involves comprehensive internal audits, worker interviews, management reviews, and stakeholder
engagement, thereby reinforcing the company s ongoing commitment to ethical labor practices. Once completed, the
certification will serve as a formal validation of M&M's human rights management systems and labor standards, both within
its operations and across its value chain.
3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

Yes. The facilities include ramps, accessible entrances, and designated restrooms to ensure easy access for individuals with
disabilities. The Company is committed to providing a barrier-free environment, ensuring that all visitors, regardless of their
abilities, can navigate the premises with ease.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners [GRI 414-1, GRI 414-2]:

and culture of fair, ethical, and responsible business practices. Over a period, 95%of suppliers by its purchase value signed
the Supplier Code of Conduct, affirming their compliance with key human rights and labour standards, including provisions
related to child labour, forced labour, sexual harassment, wages, working conditions, and non discrimination.

The Company initiated ESG due diligence in FY 2023-24 which was continued through FY26. Cumulatively, due diligence has
been completed for 68.1% of suppliers, by value, since FY 2023-24. During FY 2025-26, ESG due diligence was conducted
for 11.9% of suppliers, by value.

The ESG due diligence is aimed at strengthening responsible sourcing and supply-chain governance. IT involves an assessment
of employee health & safety, employee wellbeing, environmental impact, working conditions along with other environmental,
social and governance aspects. The due-diligence process also evaluates critical social parameters, including child labour,
human rights compliance, and minimum wage adherence.
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Child labour

11.9% in FY 2025-26
68.1% Cumulatively from FY 2023-24
Forced/involuntary labour
Sexual harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Wages
Other human rights related issues
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the
assessments at Question 4 above.

There are no significant risks/concerns observed during third party ESG due diligence at supplier s end. As a proactive
measure to enforce responsible practices and strengthen supplier awareness, the Company also conducts training programs
on human rights as part of its broader ESG training initiatives.

The Company always encourages suppliers to report violation of Code of Conduct (CoC) and any questionable behavior
through the Company s protected and confidential reporting channels, details of which are available on the Company s
website or through the designated email address speakup2cpo@mahindra.com. All such communications are kept confidential
and due action is taken as per procedures laid down.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
PRINCIPLE 6
BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND MAKE EFFORTS TO PROTECT AND RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format [GRI 302-1]:
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A)
GJ - Giga Joules
6,51,116
5,31,663
Total fuel consumption (B)
GJ - Giga Joules
-
Energy consumption through other sources (C)
GJ - Giga Joules
-
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)
GJ - Giga Joules
6,51,116
5,31,663
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D)
GJ - Giga Joules
13,46,774
12,56,687
Total fuel consumption (E)
GJ - Giga Joules
12,96,331
10,90,636
Energy consumption through other sources (F)
GJ - Giga Joules
-
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources
(D+E+F)
GJ - Giga Joules
26,43,105
24,47,323
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
GJ - Giga Joules
32,94,221
28,78,986
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy
consumption/ revenue from operations)
GJ - Giga Joules/ Cr. rupee
of turnover
22.63
24.72
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)^ (Total energy
consumption/ revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
GJ/ Cr. rupee of turnover
adjusted for Purchasing
Power Parity
460.27
510.62
Energy intensity in terms of physical output
GJ - Giga Joules/ Eq Vehicle
GJ - Giga Joules/ Eq Tractor
GJ - Giga Joules/ Ton of
packaging
Automotive Sector: 1.036
Farm Sector: 1.042
Spares Business Unit: 1.038
Automotive Sector: 1.117
Farm Sector: 1.146
Spares Business Unit: 1.217
Energy intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be
selected by the entity
GJ - Giga Joules
-
* Sources of renewable electricity include solar, wind, group captive etc. International Renewable Energy Certificates ("IRECs") have not been included
under energy consumption from renewable sources. In FY 2026-27, M&M purchased RECs equivalent to 123,736 (GJ). Based on GHG Protocol and RE100
guidelines, after including the attributes of 123,736 IRECs, the total electricity consumption from renewable sources (A) becomes 7,74,852 GJ and total
electricity consumption from non-renewable sources (D) stands at 12,23,038 GJ for FY 2025-26.
^ For India PPP conversion factor is 20.34 & 20.66 for the year 2026 and 2025 respectively as per Implied PPP conversion rate available at https://www.imf.
org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND

2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT
scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any

No
3. Details of the following disclosures related to water [GRI 303-1, GRI 303-3, GRI 303-5]:
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
Surface water
Kilolitres
57,744
69,425
Groundwater
Kilolitres
6,42,659
5,49,670
(iii) Third party water
Kilolitres
23,28,666
22,64,188
(iv) Seawater/desalinated water
Kilolitres
-
Others
Kilolitres
21,542
27,228
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres)
(i + ii + iii + iv + v)
Kilolitres
30,50,611
29,10,511
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)
Kilolitres
30,50,611
28,80,263
Water intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total water consumption/ revenue from operations)
Kilolitres/ Cr. Rupee of
turnover
20.96
24.73
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)* (Total water consumption/
revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Kilolitres/ Cr. Rupee of
turnover adjusted for
Purchasing Power Parity
426.23
510.85
Water intensity in terms of physical output
Kilolitres/ Eq Vehicle
Kilolitres/ Eq Tractor
Kilolitres/ Ton of packaging
Automotive Sector: 0.917
Farm Equipment Sector: 0.641
Spares Business Unit: 3.375
Automotive Sector: 1.011
Farm Equipment Sector: 0.689
Spares Business Unit: 4.158
Water intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be
selected by the entity
NA
-
* For India PPP conversion factor is 20.34 & 20.66 for the year 2026 and 2025 respectively as per Implied PPP conversion rate available at https://www.imf.
org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name
of the external agency.

4. Provide the following details related to water discharged [GRI 303-4]:
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment
To Surface water
Kilolitres
-

-
No treatment
Kilolitres
-

-
Kilolitres
-
(ii) To Groundwater
Kilolitres
-

-
No treatment
Kilolitres
-

-
Kilolitres
-
(iii) To Seawater
Kilolitres
-

-
No treatment
Kilolitres
-

-
Kilolitres
-
(iv) Sent to third-parties
Kilolitres
-*
30,248

-
No treatment
Kilolitres
-

-
With treatment - please specify level of treatment
(Tertiary Treatment, through effluent treatment plant)
Kilolitres
-
30,248

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
(v) Others
Kilolitres
-

-
No treatment
Kilolitres
-

-
Kilolitres
-
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)
Kilolitres
-
30,248
*As part of its commitment to environmental stewardship, the Company has initiated wastewater recycling to prevent any water discharge.

5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, details of its coverage and implementation.
[GRI 303-1, GRI 303-2]

Yes, the entity has implemented Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) mechanisms as part of its environmental management
strategy. Select manufacturing plants are equipped with dedicated ZLD infrastructure.

Currently, zero water is discharged from our plants. Domestic wastewater is recycled through STP (Sewage Treatment
Plant) and process wastewater through ETP (Effluent Treatment Plant). Each STP and ETP has got 3 levels of treatment
i.e., Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary, followed by advance treatment procedures like Ultra Filtration, Nano Filtration &
Reverse Osmosis (RO).

Currently, 34% of the freshwater requirement is met through recycled water, demonstrating effective water stewardship
and continuous improvement in water circularity.

A unique waste heat-based evaporator system has been deployed as part of the ZLD infrastructure in Nashik Plant
for the first time. This system offsets 50% of Nashik Freshwater requirement & also operates at 60% lesser power
compared to conventional evaporators.

Reuse of water in process areas like pretreatment, water leak testing, etc. and in Toilets urinals & flush requirement
are maximized, thereby optimizing the freshwater requirement.
6.
Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format [GRI 305-7]:
Parameter
FY 2025-26*
FY 2024-25
NOx
MT
156.9
14.15
Sox
MT
37.1
9.8
Particulate matter (PM)
MT
125.52
13.20
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
MT
NA
NA
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
MT
NA
NA
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
MT
NA
NA
Others
NA
NA
NA
* The increase in FY26 figures is attributable to improvements in reporting processes and expanded coverage.

7. Please provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following
format [GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, GRI 305-3, GRI-305-4]
Parameter
Unit
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO 2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tonnes of CO2
80,319
67,829
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO 2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tonnes of CO2
2,41,210
2,49,830
Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 emissions
Metric tonnes of CO2
3,21,529
3,17,659
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity per rupee
of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/
Revenue from operations)
MT of CO2e Cr. Rupee of
turnover
2.21
2.73
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity per rupee
of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)*
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/ Revenue from
operations adjusted for PPP)
MT of CO2e Cr. Rupee
of turnover adjusted for
Purchasing Power Parity
44.92
56.34
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity in terms of
physical output
MT of CO2 equivalent Eq
Vehicle
MT of CO2e Eq Tractor
MT of CO2e Ton of
packaging
Auto Sector: 0.089
Farm Sector: 0.073
Spares Business Units: 0.102
Auto Sector: 0.101
Farm Sector: 0.163
Spares Business Units: 0.107
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional) - the
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
NA
-
* For India PPP conversion factor is 20.34 & 20.66 for the year 2026 and 2025 respectively as per Implied PPP conversion rate available at
https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND

8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, provide details. [GRI 305-5]

Yes, the Company is committed to becoming Carbon Neutral by 2040. IT is also committed for Science Based Target
(SBT) to de-carbonize its growth and thus contributing to keep global temperature rise below 2 degrees Celsius as per
Paris accord 2015.

The Company has a robust roadmap for achieving these commitments through improvement in energy efficiency and
adoption of renewable energy.

Few of the initiatives to reduce Green House Gas emission are mentioned below:

Adoption of Renewable energy through solar and windmills

Adoption of clean energy i.e., through switching over from HSD to PNG

Replacement of conventional air circulators with BLDC technology air circulators

Radiant cooling system to optimize the HVAC operating load

Replacement of old conventional lights with LEDs

Installation of energy efficient air compressor

Replacement of old motors with premium efficiency IE3 motors

Installation of Energy efficient inverter split ACs

Installation of auto shut off valves for compressed air

Waste heat recovery from air compressors

Installation of IT guns for spot welding

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format [GRI 306-3, GRI 306-4, GRI,
GRI 306-5, GRI 306-4-5, GRI 306-5]
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A)
9,321
8,067
E-waste (B)
Bio-medical waste (C)
0.35
0.225
Construction and demolition waste (D)
Battery waste (E)
Radioactive waste (F)
-
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G)
-
Paint sludge
2,491
1,726
-
Phosphate sludge
-
ETP Sludge
1,513
1,437
-
Other (Oil, oil-soaked waste, grinding mud, hazardous waste containers etc.)
8,296
6,644
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by composition i.e., by materials
relevant to the sector)
-
Foundry sand
70,417
63,912
-
Metal scrap (Aluminium, Mild Steel, Copper, Steel etc)
85,806
83,771
-
Other (Cardboard, wood, food waste etc.)
32,503
28,959
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
2,12,113
1,95,663
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations)
1.46
1.68
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)^
(Total waste generated/ Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
29.64
34.70
Waste intensity in terms of physical output
MT/ Eq Vehicle
MT/ Eq Tractor
MT/ Ton of packaging
Auto Sector
0.061
Farm Sector
0.101
Spares Business
Units: 0.219
**Auto Sector
0.0738
Farm Sector
0.111
Spares Business
Units: 0.225
Waste intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
-
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
Recycled
1,34,946
1,26,113.08
(ii) Re-used
53,575*
1,706.04
(iii) Other recovery operations
2,584
1,928.63
Total
1,91,105
1,29,747.75
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
Incineration
2,582
1,999
(ii) Landfilling
18,426
63,916.74
(iii) Other disposal operations
Total
21,008
65,915.34
* During FY26, the Company undertook targeted actions to enhance the reuse of foundry sand generated from operations. These initiatives
led to a significant increase in waste reused and helped divert material from landfill, supporting improved resource efficiency.
** In FY25, waste intensity was reported in kg per equivalent vehicle, kg per equivalent tractor, and kg per tonne of packaging. In FY26, the units
have been restated to metric tonnes per equivalent vehicle, metric tonnes per equivalent tractor, and metric tonnes per tonne of packaging.
^ For India PPP conversion factor is 20.34 & 20.66 for the year 2026 and 2025 respectively as per Implied PPP conversion rate available at
https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND

10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted
by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the
practices adopted to manage such wastes. [GRI 306-2, GRI 3-3]

The Company has a robust waste management process and aims to be Zero Waste to Landfill for all its sites by 2030.

The Company s approach to waste management is that of a circular economy aimed at eliminating waste and the
continual use of resources. In a circular economy, waste materials and energy become input for other processes or as
regenerative resources for nature.

The Company is committed to responsible disposal as per all applicable norms, leading to better ecosystems. When the
waste diversion rate for any company is 99% or more then IT can be declared as Zero Waste to Landfill .

Landfill diversion can occur through recycling which can include glass, paper, metal, plastic, textile, or electronics
(E-Waste), lead batteries etc.

Organic Waste can be diverted to biological treatment through which the waste is reused. Another method is the
thermal treatment (incineration) with the generation of power.

Hazardous waste such as paint sludge, oily cotton waste can be diverted to coprocessing operation, which can be
reused as a resource (fuel) for cement industries. IT can be also recycled as raw material.

Food waste generated at manufacturing plants are moved to the biogas plant for biogas generation. All the non-
hazardous waste, which is generated inside the plant like metal, non-metal parts are being recycled.

Implementing Zero Waste to Landfill program resulted in not only environmental benefit but also in business benefit.
The Company started looking at all the Company s waste as a valuable resource and started converting IT into wealth.
This is also called Waste Circular Economy in which the Company s waste is used as a resource for someone.
11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries,
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental
approvals / clearances are required, please specify details, in the following format [GRI 304-1]:
Location of
operations/offices
Type of operations
Whether the conditions of environmental
approval / clearance are being complied
with? (Y/N)
-
NA
NA
NA
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in
the current financial year [GRI 304, GRI 413-1, GRI 303-1]:
Name and brief
details of project
EIA Notification No.
Date
Whether
conducted by
independent
external agency
(Yes / No)
Results communicated in
public domain (Yes / No)
Relevant Web link
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act
and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, details of all such non-compliances, in the following format [GRI 2-27]:

Yes
Specify the law / regulation /
guidelines which was not
complied with
Provide details of
the non-compliance
Any fines / penalties / action taken by
regulatory agencies such as pollution
control boards or by courts
Corrective action
taken, if any
-
NA
NA
NA
NA

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres). For each facility / plant
located in areas of water stress, provide the following information [GRI 303-3, GRI 303-4]:
(i) Name of the area
Jaipur
Mohali
Pithampur
Chennai
Total
(ii) Nature of operations
Manufacturing
Manufacturing
Manufacturing
Manufacturing
(iii) Water withdrawal,
consumption and discharge in
the following format:
FY 2025-
FY 2024-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-
FY 2025-
FY 2024-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-
Parameter
Please
unit
Water withdrawal by source
Surface water
-
Groundwater
4,197
3,643
2,58,547
1,97,631
-
2,62,744
2,01,274
Third-parties
18,699
25,469
53,460
30,625
1,41,240
1,19,950
2,14,149
1,76,868
Seawater /
desalinated
water
-
Others
-
21,542
27,228
21,542
27,228
Total volume of
water withdrawal
22,896
29,112
2,59,297
1,98,455
53,460
30,625
1,62,782
1,47,178
4,98,435
4,05,369
Total volume
of water
consumption (in
kilolitres)
22,896
29,112
2,59,297
1,98,455
53,460
30,625
1,62,782
1,47,178
4,98,435
4,05,369
Water intensity
per rupee of
turnover (Water
consumed /
turnover)
-
3.4
3.5
Water intensity
per rupee of
turnover adjusted
for Purchasing
Power Parity
(PPP)* (Water
consumed /
turnover adjusted
for PPP)
-
69.64
71.9
Water intensity
(optional) - the
relevant metric
may be selected
by the entity
Kilolitres/
p
-
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface
water
Kilolitres
-
- No treatment
Kilolitres
-
- With treatment
Kilolitres
-
(ii) Into
Groundwater
Kilolitres
-
- No treatment
Kilolitres
-
(i) Name of the area
Jaipur
Mohali
Pithampur
Chennai
Total
(ii) Nature of operations
Manufacturing
Manufacturing
Manufacturing
Manufacturing
(iii) Water withdrawal,
consumption and discharge in
the following format:
FY 2025-
FY 2024-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-
FY 2025-
FY 2024-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-
Parameter
Please
unit
Water withdrawal by source
- With treatment
Kilolitres
-
(iii) Into Seawater
Kilolitres
-
- No treatment
Kilolitres
-
- With treatment
Kilolitres
-
(iv) Sent to third-
parties
Kilolitres
-
- No treatment
Kilolitres
-
- With treatment
Kilolitres
-
(v) Others
Kilolitres
-
- No treatment
Kilolitres
-
- With treatment
Kilolitres
-
Total water
discharged
Kilolitres
-
The Company prioritises reducing its dependence on freshwater by investing in advanced wastewater recycling technologies
and by fostering water-conscious behaviour at the workplace. At its Mohali facility, these efforts have resulted in an annual
water savings of 4,450 KL. These initiatives reflect a deliberate effort to conserve water where IT matters most and to operate
responsibly in resource-constrained regions.

2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions and its intensity, in the following format [GRI 305-3, GRI 305-4]:
Parameter
Unit
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO 2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tonnes of CO2
12,37,05,567*
9,45,16,227
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover
Metric tonnes of CO2
equivalent/ per Crore
rupees of turnover
849.77
811.41
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) - the relevant
metric may be selected by the entity
-
* The rise in Scope 3 emissions is driven by an expansion in reporting coverage. During FY26, the Company included emissions from the Trucks
and Buses business, a growing business area, which significantly contributed to the overall increase

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide
details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and
remediation activities. [GRI 304-2, GRI 304-3]

Not Applicable
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, details of the same as well
as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format [GRI 3-3]:
Initiative undertaken
Details of the initiative
(Web-link, if any, may be provided
along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
Adoption of renewable energy - Group
Captive solar
76. MWp Group Captive Solar Project was implemented for
Maharashtra plants, which is expected to generate 100 million
Units a year. The project was commissioned on 1st April 2022.
Adoption of renewable energy - Rooftop
Solar
In past 4-5 years, 18 MWp rooftop solar is implemented in
totality across the manufacturing sites of the Company.
Adoption of renewable energy - Windmill
The Company has implemented 6.3 MW windmills for captive
consumption in Maharashtra (through own capex).
In FY 2025-26, 35 MW Wind short-term power was consumed
across the Company's locations in Maharashtra
Energy reduction
The Company has undertaken several targeted initiatives aimed
at improving energy efficiency and reducing emissions:
1.
Compressed Air Optimization: Replaced screw compressors
with centrifugal compressors that are energy efficient and
minimize maintenance costs, leading to 3% reduction in
Kandivali plant use
2.
Energy efficient Blowers: Conventional blower replaced
with energy efficient blowers and optimized based on
load requirement, leading to 25% reduction in energy
consumption
3.
Low temperature degrease chemical: Lowered
temperature requirement for chemicals by 10 degrees,
leading to 57% reduction in energy consumption from the
4.
Electronically Computed Blowers: Replaced centrifugal
blower to reduce energy consumption of air handling
units, leading to a 12% reduction in energy consumption
5.
BLDC Fans: Replaced around 1700 air circulators/Fan with
BLDC tech fans which saves more energy.
Wastewater recycling
Targeted for reducing the water consumption by eliminating,
waste, arresting leakages, alternate processes. Waste Heat
evaporator was implemented with Recycle RO system that
reduces the dependency on freshwater and operated only
with 50% less power than conventional ZLD. Freshwater
consumption was reduced by 5%.
Reduction of freshwater
consumption
Initiative undertaken
Details of the initiative
(Web-link, if any, may be provided
along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
Waste Reduction
The Company has undertaken several targeted initiatives
aimed at reducing waste and improving resource efficiency:
1.
Sealant Dispensing System Optimization - Upgraded
the conical follower plate to a flat follower plate,
significantly reducing sealant residue (by 63%) and
purging waste generated per barrel.
2.
Extracted Oil Reuse in Metal Scrap Compaction -
Achieved 98% oil recovery by implementation of a steel
chip compaction process enabling efficient separation,
purification, and reuse of extracted oil from metal scrap.
Also, reduced oil spillage and transportation trips, with
potential for deployment across plants.
3.
Replaced standard clear-coat applicators (80-84%
efficiency) with high-transfer-efficiency applicators,
reducing overspray and improving material utilization
(by 12%), leading to 15% reduction in VOC emissions
4.
Implemented process modifications in packaging and
module lines, including optimized purging intervals,
shorter cycle times, and refined sensor height settings.
Deployed across module and powerpack areas,
Reduction of operational waste and
improvement in material efficiency
Optimizing plastic in packaging
Carton boxes are converted into re-usable packaging material
with the help of a shredder. Due to this initiative, plastic
packaging is eliminated.
Additionally, plastic wrapping used in wheel rim packaging
was replaced with durable, reusable covers that circulate back
to suppliers after each use, eliminating single-use plastic in
the process. Packaging for glass and other components was
also shifted from conventional polyethylene to compostable
plastic, supporting sustainable material substitution across the
Auto Division.
These actions led to significant
plastic waste reduction, full
elimination of plastic in wheel-rim
packaging, and conversion of 26%
of the division s plastic use to
compostable alternatives.
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.

The Company has prepared an Onsite Emergency Plan (OEP) / Disaster Control Plan (DCP). This emergency preparedness
and response plan for manufacturing unit also includes all the risks and emergencies associated with manufacturing
operations. The plan also contains processes towards its mitigation for these emergencies and this OEP plan is subject
to regularly conducted mock drills. All these mock drills are scheduled as per the annual calendar. All the external as
well as internal responsible stakeholders that are to be contacted in emergency situations are readily available with their
respective contact numbers along with respective responsibility communication matrix.

All emergency contact numbers for nearby hospitals and applicable government agencies are provided in the OEP/DCP.
Designated assembly points considering the safety of the given headcount on a day-to-day basis are mentioned in the plan.
Duration of each mock drill is recorded, so as to increase the effectiveness and decrease the time during each iteration.
Scenario analysis with high-risk priority number (RPN) emergency and maximum severity is conducted in presence of
government authorities and Mutual Aid Response Group (MARG) to demonstrate effectiveness.

In addition to operational emergency preparedness, the Company has also conducted a climate risk assessment to identify
physical and transition risks arising from climate change. This assessment helps in proactively identifying vulnerabilities that
could impact operations - such as extreme weather events, regulatory shifts, or energy transition risks and mapping existing
mitigation measures already in place.

To further strengthen overall risk resilience, the Company has implemented an IT Operations and Risk Management Policy,
which outlines protocols to manage and recover from potential disruptions to IT infrastructure, cyber threats, and data
breaches. This ensures business continuity and safeguards critical operations across digital platforms.
6. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What
mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard. [GRI 308-2]

There were no significant risks/concerns noticed during onsite supplier assessments with regards to adverse environmental
impact.

The Company mitigates the risk of potential adverse impacts by requiring suppliers to comply with its Sustainable procurement
policy and Supplier Code of Conduct. As a proactive measure, the company also conducts training and awareness programs
on environmental impacts and sustainability as part of its broader ESG training initiatives.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for
environmental impacts. [GRI 308-1, GRI 308-2]

and culture of fair, ethical, and responsible business practices. Over a period, 95%of suppliers by its purchase value signed
the Supplier Code of Conduct. M&M enforces an ESG-aligned Supplier Code of Conduct that expects suppliers to adhere to
environmental regulations while actively advancing sustainable and responsible environmental practices.

The Company initiated environmental due diligence in FY 2023-24 which was continued through FY26. Cumulatively, due
diligence has been completed for 68.1% of suppliers, by value, since FY24. During FY 2025-26 ESG due diligence was
conducted for 11.9% of suppliers, by value. No suppliers assessed during the year were found to have caused any significant
adverse environmental impact.

The environmental due diligence of suppliers is aimed at strengthening environmental stewardship within the supply
chain. IT involves an assessment of impacts across areas such as resource consumption, regulatory compliance, and overall
environmental performance. IT also evaluates performance against key environmental parameters, including water and energy
efficiency, hazardous material handling, and adherence to applicable environmental standards.
8. a. How many Green Credits have been generated or procured, a. By the listed entity

None

b. By the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners

None
PRINCIPLE 7
BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO IN A MANNER THAT
IS RESPONSIBLE AND TRANSPARENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. a.
Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.

List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such
body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to. [GRI 2-28]
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations
Reach of trade and industry chambers/ associations
(State/National)
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India
(ASSOCHAM)
National
Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI)
State
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)
National
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI)
National
Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)
National
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities. [GRI 206-1, GRI 3-3]
Name of authority
Brief of the case
NA
NA
NA
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity [GRI 2-28, GRI 415]:

The Company pursues an active Public Affairs agenda by engaging with a range of stakeholders across Government, Think
Tanks, Climate Organizations, Trade Associations and Diplomatic Consulates to communicate its corporate position, address
policy related issues that are relevant to its strategy and help build thought leadership.
Public policy advocated
Method resorted for such advocacy
Whether
information
available in
public domain?
(Yes/No)
Frequency of Review
by Board (Annually/
Half yearly/ Quarterly/
Others - please
specify)
Web Link,
if available
1.
The Company engages with a range of
stakeholders across Government, Think
Tanks, Climate Organizations, Trade
Associations and Diplomatic Consulates,
to communicate its corporate position,
provide feedback and address policy
related issues relevant to its businesses.
The Company s approach is guided by
its Code of Conduct which requires
maintaining ethical business standards,
anti-bribery, and anti-corruption. Only
authorised personnel can engage in
commenting on political process or in
policy debate.
Membership of leading industry
associations such as CII, FICCI and
ASSOCHAM and industry bodies such
as SIAM; active participation in relevant
Committees and Roundtables, stakeholder
consultation and providing verbal and
written proposals to Central and State
Government departments. The Company
operates with the principle of co-
operating with Government, Chambers
of Commerce and Trade Associations
in matters concerning the industry,
to promote, protect and enhance the
Company s business interests.
No
NA
NA
PRINCIPLE 8
BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE DEVELOPMENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year. [GRI 413-1, GRI 203-1]
Name and brief
details of project
SIA notification No.
Date of
notification
Whether conducted by
independent external
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated in
public domain (Yes / No)
Relevant Web Link
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
The Company did not start any greenfield project in the reporting year, and hence, no social impact assessments of projects
undertaken by the entity were required to be conducted as per applicable laws.
2.
Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your
entity [GRI 413-1, GRI 413-2]
Name of Project
for which R&R is
ongoing
State
District
No. of Project
Affected Families
(PAFs)
% of PAFs covered
by R&R
Amounts paid to
PAFs in the FY
(In INR)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
The Company did not start any greenfield project in the reporting year, and hence, no community group was rehabilitated and
resettled for any project. Therefore, the question is not applicable.

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community [GRI 3-3, GRI 2-25, GRI 413-1]

The Company has established a formal grievance redressal mechanism at each of its plant locations to ensure timely and
effective resolution of concerns raised by the local community. A grievance register is maintained at the plant entrance
gates, where community members can directly record their grievances.

Once a grievance is received, IT is addressed in accordance with a defined escalation matrix, which typically includes the
Plant Operations Head and the Human Resources Team, depending on the nature of the issue. The grievance is first
assessed and resolved at the local plant level, ensuring quick and contextual redressal.

In cases where resolution at the plant level is not feasible or requires further intervention, the grievance is escalated to
higher management levels as required. This structured approach enables transparency, accountability, and responsiveness
to the concerns of the community.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers [GRI 204-1]:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers
9.7%
12%
Directly from within India
90.4%
88%
5. Job creation in smaller towns - Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed
on a permanent or non-permanent/on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost
Location
FY 2025-26*
FY 2024-25
Rural
0.7%
0.5%
Semi-urban
14.8%
23.4%
Urban
9.7%
8.5%
Metropolitan
74.8%
67.6%
(Location categorized as per RBI Classification System - rural/ semi-urban/ urban/ metropolitan)
*For the purpose of this disclosure, only wages paid to permanent employees and workers have been considered.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above) [GRI 3-3, GRI 413-1, GRI 203-1]
Details of negative social impact identified
NA
NA
The Company did not start any greenfield project in the reporting year, and hence, no social impact assessments of projects
undertaken by the entity were required to be conducted as per applicable laws.
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts
as identified by government bodies [GRI 413-1, GRI 203-1]:
State
Aspirational Districts
Amount spent
(In INR)
Andhra Pradesh
Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram Y.S.R Kadapa
3,34,61,446.55
Assam
Barpeta, Dhubri, Goalpara
6,99,153.76
Bihar
Araria, Aurangabad, Banka, Begusarai, Gaya, Jamui, Katihar, Khagaria, Muzaffarpur, Nawada, Purnia,
Sheikhpura, Sitamarhi
50,97,006.55
Chhattisgarh
Dantewada, Kanker, Kondagaon, Korba, Mahasamund, Narayanpur, Rajnandgaon
2,89,303.64
State
Aspirational Districts
Amount spent
(In INR)
Gujarat
Dahod, Narmada
8,95,303.91
Haryana
Nuh (Mewat)
11,214.95
Himachal Pradesh
Chamba
99,480.00
Jammu And Kashmir
Baramulla, Kupwara
2,25,428.75
Jharkhand
Bokaro, Dumka, East Singhbhum, Garhwa, Giridih, Gumla, Hazaribagh, Khunti, Latehar, Palamu,
Ramgarh, Ranchi, Sahibganj, West Singhbhum,
1,37,89,076.73
Karnataka
Raichur
1,09,57,144.29
Kerala
Wayanad
3,51,907.06
Madhya Pradesh
Barwani, Chhatarpur, Damoh, Guna, Khandwa, Rajgarh, Vidisha
10,79,659.01
Maharashtra
Gadchiroli, Nandurbar, Dharashiv, Washim
7,64,716.10
Odisha
Balangir, Dhenkanal, Gajapati, Kalahandi, Kandhamal, Koraput, Malkangiri, Rayagada
26,81,065.68
Punjab
Firozpur, Moga
1,71,53,696.00
Rajasthan
Baran, Dholpur, Karauli, Sirohi
3,78,226.21
Tamil Nadu
Ramanathapuram, Virudhunagar
5,39,95,030
Telangana
Bhadradri Kothagudem
6,65,838.00
Uttar Pradesh
Bahraich, Balrampur, Chandauli, Chitrakoot, Fatehpur, Shrawasti Siddharth Nagar, Sonbhadra
17,52,41,180.38
Uttarakhand
Haridwar, Udham Singh Nagar
1,36,16,078.88
3. (a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising
marginalized/vulnerable groups? (Yes/No) (b) From which marginalized/vulnerable groups do you procure?
(c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does IT constitute?

NA
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity
(in the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge [GRI 201-1]:
Intellectual Property based on
traditional knowledge
Owned/ Acquired (Yes/No)
Benefit shared (Yes / No)
Basis of calculating
benefit share
-
NA
NA
NA
NA
Not Applicable since the Company does not own and has not acquired any intellectual property based on traditional knowledge.
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related
disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved. [GRI 3-3]
Name of authority
Brief of the Case
NA
NA
NA
Not Applicable since the Company does not own and has not acquired any intellectual property based on traditional knowledge.
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects [GRI 413-1, GRI 203-1]
CSR Project*^
No. of persons benefitted from CSR
Projects
% of beneficiaries from vulnerable
and marginalized groups
Women Empowerment
3,07,499
71%
Water Management
41,244
73%
Promotion of Education & Scholarship
18,652
55%
Integrated Development
14,878
62%
Skill development
11,746
67%

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
* The company s CSR initiatives focus on empowering girls through education, enabling women through skill development, strengthening
maternal and newborn healthcare, and promoting environmental conservation. Flagship programs include Project Nanhi Kali, supporting
holistic development of girls from Grades 6-10; Kaabil, which enhances women s economic participation through employability, domain, and
agri-skilling; and Jal Samriddhi, which advances community-led water conservation and climate-resilient water management. These initiatives
are aligned with the UN SDGs, national CSR guidelines, and the company s ESG commitments.
^ CSR Projects have been consolidated into Themes
PRINCIPLE 9
BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE MANNER
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback. [GRI 2-25, GRI 2-29]

The Mahindra Relationships Center (MRC) manages Toll free numbers, Social Media Platforms and an email address through
which consumer can raise their complaints.
2. Turnover of products/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about
[GRI 417-1]
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
100.00
Safe and responsible usage
100.00
Recycling and/or safe disposal
100.00
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following [GRI 418-1]:
FY 2025-26
Remarks
FY 2024-25
Remarks
Received
Pending
end of year
Received
Pending
end of year
Data privacy
NA
NA
Advertising
NA
NA
Cyber-security
NA
NA
Delivery of essential services
NA
NA
Restrictive Trade Practices
NA
NA
Unfair Trade Practices
NA
NA
Other (Customer Complaints) *
99,195
2,016
NA
83,288
1,463
-
* We adopt a proactive approach to identifying and addressing customer complaints. The reported figures include both service- and sales-related
complaints, contributing to the overall volume. In FY26, pre-sales have been excluded, as these primarily relate to enquiries and are not
classified as complaints.
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues [GRI 416-2]:
Number
Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls
NA
Forced recalls
NA
5.
Does the entity have a framework/policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide a
web-link of the policy. [GRI 2-23, GRI 3-3, GRI 418]

Yes, https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/policies-and-documents
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services;
cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty/action taken by regulatory
authorities on safety of products/services. [GRI 3-3]

Not Applicable
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches [GRI 418-1]:

Number of instances of data breaches

Nil

Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers

NA

Impact, if any, of the data breaches

NA
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link,
if available). [GRI 2-6]

Information on products and services of the entity can be accessed through: https://www.mahindra.com/mahindra-services-
and-businesses
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
[GRI 417, GRI 3-3]

A.
Owner s manual is prepared and made available for every model & shared with the customer at the time of delivery. This
manual gives information to the customers about responsible usage of the product. A few examples are given below:

Warranty Coverage

Roadside Assistance details

Scheduled Service - Free & Paid

Maintenance Scheduled Chart

Lubricants & Capacity

Use of Seat Belts & Child Restraint

Understanding Airbag function

Driving through water.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.

Not Applicable
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws?
(Yes/No/Not applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. [GRI 417-1]

Yes, product information is displayed over and above the requirements mandated by local laws. An owner's manual is
created and made available for each product. This manual is provided to the customer at the time of delivery, offering
comprehensive guidance for responsible product usage. Specifically, for tractors, installation takes place at the customer's
site, where they are briefed on routine maintenance, important Do's and Don'ts, and given a detailed explanation of the
Warranty and Service policies.

Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services
of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

Yes

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Statement Number: DNV-2026-ASR-873681

'19 +HDGTXDUWHUV 9HULWDVYHLHQ 3 2 %R[ + YLN 1RUZD\ 7HO

ZZZ GQY FRP

'19 %XVLQHVV $VVXUDQFH ,QGLD 3ULYDWH /LPLWHG
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

to the Board of Directors of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, Mumbai.

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (Corporate Identity Number L65990MH1945PLC004558, hereafter referred to as M&M Ltd or the
Company ) has commissioned DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited ( DNV , us or we ) to undertake an independent
assurance of the Company s disclosures in its Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (hereafter referred to as BRSR ).
The disclosures include BRSR Core as per Annexure 17A of SEBI s Master Circular for BRSR (Master Circular No.
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026, dated January 30, 2026).

Scope of Work and Boundary
The scope of our engagement includes independent assurance of BRSR Core -
Reasonable level of assurance for Financial Year (FY) 2025-26.
Boundary for the assessment covers the performance of M&M Ltd s operations in
India that fall under the direct operational control of the Company s Legal
structure. Based on the agreed scope with the Company, the boundary of
reasonable assurance covers the operations of M&M Ltd across all locations in
India for BRSR core attributes 5-9. For BRSR core attributes 1-4, the boundary is 27
manufacturing plants located India, 1 corporate office & 13 area offices.

Reporting Criteria and Standards
The disclosures have been prepared by M&M Ltd in reference to:

Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core, Circular No.: SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated Dec 20, 2024.

BRSR Core (Annexure 17A) as per Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD
POD2/I/3762/2026, Master circular for compliance with the provisions of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 by listed entities , dated January 30, 2026.

Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.

Assurance Methodology/Standard and Level of Assurance
This assurance engagement has been carried out in accordance with DNV s
VeriSustainTM protocol, V6.0, which is based on our professional experience and
international assurance practice, and the international standard in Assurance
Engagements, ISAE 3000 (revised) - Assurance Engagements other than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information. DNV s VeriSustainTM Protocol, V6.0 has
been developed in accordance with the most widely accepted reporting and
assurance standards. Apart from DNV s VeriSustainTM protocol (V6.0), DNV team
has also followed ISO 14064-3 - Specification with guidance for the verification and
validation of greenhouse gas statements to evaluate disclosures wrt. Greenhouse
gases.

Basis of our conclusion
As part of our independent assurance engagement, we have evaluated the reported environmental, social, and governance (ESG)
information against the agreed criteria. Throughout the engagement, we exercised rigorous professional judgment and maintained a high
level of professional skepticism to ensure the integrity and reliability of our conclusions.
As part of the assurance process, a multi-disciplinary team of assurance specialists performed assurance work for selected sites of M&M Ltd.
We carried out the following activities:

Reviewed the disclosures under BRSR Core, encompassing the framework for assurance consisting of a set of Key Performance
Indicators (KPIs) under 9 ESG attributes. The Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core used a basis of reasonable level of
assurance.

Evaluation of the design and implementation of key systems, processes and controls for collecting, managing and reporting the BRSR
Core indicators. Assessment of operational control and reporting boundaries.

Our competence, and Independence

Our Conclusion
Based on our review and procedures followed for reasonable level of assurance, DNV is of the opinion that,
in all material aspects, the BRSR Core Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) under 9 ESG attributes (as listed
in Annexure I of this statement) for FY 2025-26 are reported in accordance with reporting requirements
outlined in Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core.
Statement Number: DNV-2026-ASR-873681

'19 +HDGTXDUWHUV 9HULWDVYHLHQ 3 2 %R[ + YLN 1RUZD\ 7HO

ZZZ GQY FRP

'19 %XVLQHVV $VVXUDQFH ,QGLD 3ULYDWH /LPLWHG

Seek extensive evidence across all relevant areas, ensuring a detailed examination of BRSR Core indicators. Engaged directly with
stakeholders to gather insights and corroborative evidence for each disclosed indicator.

DNV audit team conducted on-site audits for data testing and to assess the uniformity in reporting processes and, quality checks at
different locations of the Company. Sites for data testing and reporting system checks were selected based on the percentage
contribution each site makes to the reported indicator, complexity of operations at each location (high/low/medium) and reporting
system within the organization. Sites selected for audits are listed in Annexure II.

Interviews with selected senior managers responsible for management of disclosures and review of selected evidence to support
environmental KPIs and metrics disclosed the Report. We were free to choose interviewees and interviewed those with overall
responsibility of monitoring, data collation and reporting the selected indicators.

Verification of the consolidated reported performance disclosures in context to the Principle of Completeness as per VeriSustainTM
Protocol, V6.0 for reasonable level of assurance for the disclosures.

Inherent Limitations
DNV s assurance engagement assume that the data and information provided by the Company to us as part of our review have
been provided in good faith, is true, complete, sufficient, and authentic, and is free from material misstatements. The assurance
scope has the following limitations:

The assurance engagement considers an uncertainty of 5% based on materiality threshold for estimation/measurement errors and
omissions.

DNV has not been involved in evaluation or assessment of any financial data/performance of the Company. DNV opinion on specific
BRSR Core indicators (for total revenue from operations; Principle 3, Question 1(c) of Essential Indicators for Spending on measures
towards well-being of employees and workers - cost incurred as a % of total revenue of the Company; Principle 8, Question 4 of
Essential Indicators, Principle 1, Question 8 of Essential Indicators and Principle 1, Question 9 of Essential Indicators) relies on the third
party audited financial reports of the Company. DNV does not take any responsibility of the financial data reported in the audited
financial reports of the Company.

The assessment is limited to data and information within the defined Reporting Period. Any data outside this period is not considered
within the scope of assurance.

Data outside the operations specified in the assurance boundary is excluded from the assurance, unless explicitly mentioned
otherwise in this statement.

The assurance does not cover the Company's statements that express opinions, claims, beliefs, aspirations, expectations, aims, or
future intentions. Additionally, assertions related to Intellectual Property Rights and other competitive issues are beyond the scope of
this assurance.

The assessment does not include a review of the Company's strategy or other related linkages expressed in the Report. These aspects
are not within the scope of the assurance engagement.

The assurance does not extend to mapping the Report with reporting frameworks other than those specifically mentioned. Any
assessments or comparisons with frameworks beyond the specified ones are not considered in this engagement.

Aspects of the Report that fall outside the mentioned scope and boundary are not subject to assurance. The assessment is limited to
the defined parameters.

The assurance engagement does not include a review of legal compliances. Compliance with legal requirements is not within the
scope of this assurance, and the Company is responsible for ensuring adherence to relevant laws.

Responsibility of the Company
M&M Ltd has the sole responsibility for the preparation of the BRSR and is
responsible for all information disclosed in the BRSR Core attributes. The
Company is responsible for maintaining processes and procedures for
collecting, analyzing and reporting the information and also, ensuring the
quality and consistency of the information presented in the Report. M&M Ltd
is also responsible for ensuring the maintenance and integrity of its website
and any referenced BRSR disclosures on their website.

DNV s Responsibility
In performing this assurance work, DNV s responsibility is to the
Management of the Company; however, this statement represents our
independent opinion and is intended to inform the outcome of the
assurance to the stakeholders of the Company. DNV disclaims any liability
or co-responsibility for any decision a person or entity would make based on
this assurance statement.

For DNV Business Assurance India Private Limited,

Jas Sahib Singh Chadha
Lead Verifier
Anjana Sharma
Assurance Reviewer
Assurance Team: Ankita Parab, Chandan Sarkar, Suraiya Rahman, Sudharshan K, Varsha Bohiya
20/06/2026, Bengaluru, India.
Use and distribution of Assurance statement

Chadha, Jas Sahib Singh
Digitally signed by Chadha, Jas Sahib
Singh
Date: 2026.06.20 14:59:56 +05'30'
Sharma, Anjana
Digitally signed by Sharma, Anjana
Date: 2026.06.22 09:33:34 +05'30'

STATUTORY REPORTS | Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Statement Number: DNV-2026-ASR-873681

'19 %XVLQHVV $VVXUDQFH ,QGLD 3ULYDWH /LPLWHG
Annexure I - BRSR Core Verified Data

Stipulated as per BRSR Core provided by the company.

Attribute
BRSR Core Parameter
Unit
Verified Value for FY
Green-house gas (GHG)
footprint - Greenhouse
gas emissions may be
measured in accordance
with the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol: A Corporate
Accounting and Reporting
Standard *
Total Scope 1 emissions
MT of CO2e
80,319
Total Scope 2 emissions (market-based)
MT of CO2e
2,41,210
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity per rupee of turnover
MT of CO2e / Revenue from operations in
₹ Cr.
2.21
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
MT of CO2e / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr.
adjusted for PPP
44.92
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
intensity in terms of physical output
MT of CO2e / Equivalent vehicles (Automotive
Sector)
0.089
MT of CO2e / Equivalent number of tractors
manufactured (Farm Sector)
0.073
MT of CO2e / Tonnes of packaging (Spares
Business Unit)
0.102
Water footprint
Total water consumption
KL
30,50,611
Water consumption intensity
KL / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr.
20.96
KL / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr. adjusted
for PPP
426.23
Water intensity in terms of physical output
KL / Equivalent vehicles (Automotive Sector)
0.917
KL / Equivalent number of tractors
manufactured (Farm Sector)
0.641
KL / Tons of packaging (Spares Business Units)
3.375
Water Discharge by destination and
levels of Treatment
KL
Energy footprint
Total energy consumed
Giga Joules (GJ)
32,94,221
% of energy consumed from renewable
In % terms
19.77%
Energy intensity
GJ / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr.
22.63
GJ / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr. adjusted
for PPP
460.27
GJ / Equivalent vehicles (Automotive Sector)
1.036
GJ / Equivalent number of tractors
manufactured (Farm Sector)
1.042
GJ / Tons of packaging (Spares Business Units)
1.038
Embracing circularity -
details related to waste
management by the entity
Plastic waste (A)
MT
9,321
E-waste (B)
MT
Bio-medical waste (C)
MT
0.35
Construction and demolition waste (D)
MT
Battery waste (E)
MT
Radioactive waste (F)
MT
0.00
Hazardous waste (G)
Paint sludge
MT
2,491
Phosphate sludge
MT
ETP sludge
MT
1,513
Other (Used oil, oil-soaked waste,
grinding mud, hazardous waste
containers etc.)
MT
8,296
Non-hazardous waste (H)
Foundry sand
MT
70,417
Metal scrap (Aluminum, MS, Copper,
Steel, etc.)
MT
85,806
Other (Cardboard, wood, food waste,
etc.)
MT
32,503
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G+ H)
MT
2,12,113
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover
from operations
MT / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr.
1.46
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity
(PPP)
MT / Revenue from operations in ₹ Cr. adjusted
for PPP
29.64
Waste intensity
Total waste generated in MT / Equivalent
vehicles (Automotive Sector)
0.061
Total waste generated in MT / Equivalent
number of tractors manufactured (Farm Sector)
0.101
Total waste generated in MT / Tons of
packaging (Spares Business Units)
0.219
Total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
(i) Recycled
MT
1,34,946
(ii) Re-used
MT
53,575
(iii) Other recovery operations
MT
2,584
Statement Number: DNV-2026-ASR-873681

'19 %XVLQHVV $VVXUDQFH ,QGLD 3ULYDWH /LPLWHG
Total
MT
1,91,105
Intensity (Waste Recycled Recovered /
Total Waste generated)
%
90.10%
Total waste disposed by nature of disposal method
(i) Incineration
MT
2,582
(ii) Landfilling
MT
18,426
(iii) Other disposal operations
MT
0.00
Total
MT
21,008
Intensity (Waste Disposed / Total Waste
generated)
%
9.90%
Enhancing Employee
Wellbeing and Safety
Spending on measures towards well-
being of employees and workers - cost
incurred as a % of total revenue of the
In % terms
0.51%
Details of safety related incidents for
employees and workers (including
contract-workforce e.g. workers in the
company's construction sites)

Number of Permanent Disabilities
Employees - 0
Workers - 0
Total recordable work-related injuries
Employees - 0
Workers - 6
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per
one million-person hours worked)
Employees - 0
Workers - 0.07
No. of fatalities
Employees - 0
Workers - 0
Enabling Gender Diversity
in Business
Gross wages paid to females as % of
wages paid
In % terms
8.46%
Complaints on POSH
Total Complaints on Sexual Harassment (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female
employees / workers
0.27%
Complaints on POSH upheld
Enabling Inclusive
Development
Input material sourced from following
sources as % of total purchases and from
within India
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers
9.7%
Directly sourced from within India
90.4%
Job creation in smaller towns - Wages
paid to persons employed in smaller
towns (permanent or non-permanent /on
contract) as % of total wage cost
Location
Rural
0.7%
Semi-urban
14.8%
Urban
9.7%
Metropolitan
74.8%
Fairness in Engaging with
Customers and Suppliers
Instances involving loss / breach of data
of customers as a percentage of total
data breaches or cyber security events
In % terms
Nil

Number of days of accounts payable
(Accounts payable *365) / Cost of
goods/services procured
Open-ness of business

Concentration of purchases & sales done
with trading houses, dealers, and related
parties
Loans and advances & investments with
related parties
Purchases from trading houses as % of total
purchases
0.07%
Number of trading houses where purchases are
made from
Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of
total purchases from trading houses
95.7%
Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales
96.2%
Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales
are made
4,480
Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of
total sales to dealers / distributors
13.9%
Share of RPTs (as respective %age) in
Purchases
9.8%
Sales
13.2%
Loans & advances
108%
Investments
16.7%

* Calculation of Scope 1 GHG emissions are based on conversion factors, emission factors considered in 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse
Gas Inventories and IPCC sixth assessment report. Scope 2 GHG emissions for India operations are calculated based on emission factors in Central
Electricity Authority, Govt. of India (CEA Version_21.0) which is 0.710 tCO2 per MWh.
Annexure II - Sites selected for audits

S.no
Site
Location
1.
Corporate Office
Mumbai, Maharashtra
2.
Manufacturing Plants (on-site)
Kandivali, Maharashtra; Igatpuri, Maharashtra; Nashik, Maharashtra - Automotive Sector
Kandivali, Maharashtra; Nagpur, Maharashtra - Farm Division
Swaraj Plant 1 & 2, Mohali, Punjab - Swaraj Division
Kanhe, Maharashtra - Spares Business Unit
Tamil Nadu, Chennai - Mahindra Research Valley

STATUTORY REPORTS | Company Overview
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Financial Position at a Glance
Summary of Operations
Rupees crores
Property, Plant and
Equipment and Intangible
Assets
24,996
23,556
21,568
19,761
20,167
18,137
14,404
12,502
10,988

9,811
Investments
42,032
35,468
29,207
27,087
24,204
21,783
19,938
22,016
20,583
17,908
Inventories
10,306
10,333
9,718
8,881
5,970
4,783
3,401
3,839
2,702
2,758
Trade Receivable/Debtors
6,486
5,726
4,568
4,042
3,039
2,203
2,999
3,946
3,173
2,939
Other Non Current/Current
Assets
36,783
24,566
18,648
16,009
13,226
14,659
9,760
10,394
10,001
6,297
Borrowings and Lease
1,653
1,682
2,051
5,026
6,743
7,786
2,932
2,480
2,864
2,773
Non Current/Current
Liabilities and Provisions
43,173
34,719
27,804
25,927
19,903
17,378
11,694
15,373
14,011
10,409
Deferred Tax Liabilities/
(Assets) (Net)
1,451
1,663
1,563
1,470
1,762
1,450
1,408
(255)
Equity Capital
Other Equity
73,724
60,985
51,692
42,758
37,600
34,354
33,871
33,613
29,699
26,489
Net Worth
74,325
61,585
52,291
43,357
38,198
34,951
34,468
34,209
30,294
26,786
Book Value Per Share
(Rupees)
618.33
512.87
436.03
361.87
319.22
292.53
288.91
287.09
+ 254.59
451.23
+ Book Value Per Share is adjusted for Bonus Shares alloted in the ratio of 1:1 during December 2017.
Rupees crores
Total Income
1,50,540
1,20,336
1,03,292
87,568
59,841
45,829
47,156
55,303
50,481
48,729
Materials
1,10,766
86,340
73,995
64,558
42,560
30,177
31,633
38,256
34,135
32,081
Excise Duty
-
3,330
Employee Benefits Expense
5,290
4,881
4,463
3,650
3,330
3,252
2,880
2,980
2,841
2,714
Finance Costs/Interest
Depreciation, amortisation and
impairment expense
4,293
4,227
3,488
3,154
2,498
2,370
2,223
1,860
1,479
1,526
Loss from investment related to
subsidiaries, associates and joint
-
Other Expenses
8,542
8,140
7,494
6,310
4,869
4,244
5,177
5,738
5,487
4,743
Exceptional items
(98)
-
(1,430)
(209)
(3,087)
(2,014)
(30)
Profit before tax for the year
20,624
15,650
13,458
8,131
6,148
2,303
3,116
6,325
6,102
4,723
Tax for the year
4,985
3,795
2,815
1,582
1,278
1,319
1,785
1,529
1,746
1,080
Balance profit
15,639
11,855
10,642
6,549
4,870
1,331
4,796
4,356
3,643
Dividend (including tax thereon)
#4,104
3,146
2,624
2,021
1,436
1,088
1,187
1,055
Equity Dividend (%)
Earnings Per Share (Rupees)^
130.18
98.80
88.79
54.70
40.73
8.24
11.16
40.29
36.64
30.69
Vehicles produced/purchased (Units)
9,84,583
8,37,917
7,99,047
7,02,407
4,52,203
3,51,619
4,66,253
6,18,412
5,46,974
4,99,117
Vehicles sold
(Units)
9,95,526
8,46,661
7,80,475
6,98,456
4,65,601
3,48,621
4,71,141
6,07,548
5,48,508
5,06,624
Tractors produced
(Units)
5,21,945
4,26,446
3,71,936
4,15,832
3,55,299
3,49,262
2,95,126
3,35,519
3,15,759
2,72,308
Tractors sold
(Units)
5,21,203
4,20,636
3,74,955
4,03,981
3,50,981
3,51,431
2,98,927
3,27,033
3,17,531
2,63,177
^ Adjusted for Bonus Shares alloted in the ratio of 1:1 during December 2017.
# Proposed Dividend

STATUTORY REPORTS | Company Overview
Debt Equity Ratio
Times
0.00
0.10
0.20
0.30
0.40
0.50
FY2025
FY2022
FY2023
FY2024
FY2026
0.02
0.11
0.17
0.03
0.01
PAT growth over Total Income (Rupees Crores)
Net Income
PAT
FY2026
FY2025
FY2023
FY2022
FY2024
20000
40000
60000
80000
100000
120000
140000
160000
59841
103292
120336
150540
10642
15639
11855
87568
20000
40000
60000
80000
100000
120000
140000
160000
Net Income (Rs.)
YoY PAT Trend
PAT (Rs.)
EPS in Rs.
EPS (Rs.)
FY2025
FY2023
FY2024
FY2026
FY2022
0.00
20.00
40.00
60.00
80.00
100.00
120.00
140.00
40.73
54.70
130.18
98.80
88.79
Auto Investments
0.02%
Farm Investments
0.08%
Investment in Industrial Businesses
and Consumer Services
1.38%
Segmental Revenue
F-2026
Farm
Equipment
24.61%
Automotive
73.91%
Financial Highlights
STANDALONE
ACCOUNTS

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Impairment assessment of intangible assets under development in the Automotive Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
See Note 2(d)(iv) to standalone financial statements
The Company has identified its Automotive business segment as a
separate CGU ( Auto CGU ). The Company holds intangible assets under
development and tests its Auto CGU for impairment at least annually.
For the purpose of the impairment test, the Company determines
recoverable value of the Auto CGU which is the higher of Value In
Use (VIU) or Fair Value Less Cost of Disposal (FVLCD). The recoverable
value is dependent on certain assumptions and estimates of future
performance and management s plans for continuation of the projects.
On discontinuing individual projects under development, an impairment
loss relating to the specific project is recognised in the statement of
profit and loss.
Changes in business environment, including market or economic
environment, geopolitical situations and general inflationary trends
could have a significant impact on the valuation of the Auto CGU and
management s plan for specific projects under development. This annual
impairment test is considered to be a key audit matter considering the
significant judgements required in determining the key assumptions.

Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key
controls in respect of the Company s impairment assessment process,

Involved valuation specialists as applicable, to evaluate the
appropriateness of the valuation models including assumptions such
as the discount rates used in VIU calculations;

such as revenue, costs, inflation and growth rates by comparing
these inputs with past performances, consistency with the Board of
Director s approved plans and knowledge of the industry;

Evaluated the stage of development of the intangible assets under
development, judgments used for expected probable economic benefits
and associated expenditures, management plans for continuation of
projects and their assessment of feasibility of the projects.
Other Information
The Company s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and auditor s report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us
after the date of this auditor s report.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion
thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above when IT becomes
available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged
with governance and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant laws and regulations.
Management s and Board of Directors Responsibilities for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation
of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, profit/ loss and other comprehensive income, changes
in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the Management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company s financial reporting process.
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the standalone financial statements of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (the Company ) which comprise the standalone balance sheet as at 31 March
2026, and the standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), standalone statement of changes in equity and standalone
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial statements, including material accounting policies and other explanatory
information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted
in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2026, and its profit and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the
year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are
further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial statements of the current
period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Impairment assessment of certain long-term investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
See Note 2(d)(iv) to standalone financial statements
The Company has long-term investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures
and associates (collectively the investments ) aggregating Rs. 27,547.10
crores as at 31 March 2026.
The Company records the investments at cost less any provision for
impairment loss. Changes in business environment, including market or
economic environment, geopolitical situations and general inflationary
trends could have a significant impact on the valuation of certain
investments. Investments where an indication based on these factors
exists, are tested for impairment at the end of the reporting period.
The Company determines the recoverable value of such investments and
compares IT to its carrying amount to determine impairment loss. The
recoverable value is determined basis following key assumptions:

projected future cash inflows;

expected growth rate; discount rate; terminal growth rate;

comparison of price and market multiples
The recoverable amount, which is the higher of the market value or
Value In Use (VIU) or fair value less costs of disposal of such investments
(FVLCD), is estimated and the impairment loss, if any, is recognised in
the statement of profit and loss and carrying amount of investments is
reduced to its recoverable amount. The impairment test is considered to
be a key audit matter considering the significant judgements required in
determining the key assumptions.

Assessed the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key
controls in respect of the Company s impairment assessment process,

Obtained an understanding of various external factors impacting the
recoverable value of the respective investment as at the end of the
reporting period;

Involved valuation specialists, as applicable, to evaluate the
appropriateness of the valuation models used, assumptions such as
the discount rates used in VIU calculations and comparable companies
considered in the FVLCD model;

such as revenue, costs and growth rates by comparing these inputs
with externally derived data, past performances, consistency with the
Board approved investment plans and knowledge of the industry;

Assessed the adequacy of disclosures on key judgements, assumptions
and quantitative data with respect to impairment losses.
Independent Auditor s Report to the Members of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the
Management and Board of Directors.

Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of standalone
financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s report. However, future events or conditions may
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the standalone
financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and
to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of
the Act, we give in the Annexure A a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. A. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the
purposes of our audit.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as IT appears from our examination of those
books.

The standalone balance sheet, the standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the standalone statement
of changes in equity and the standalone statement of cash flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.

In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the Act.

On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 01 April 2026 and 02 April 2026 taken on record by the Board of
Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.

With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Company and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in Annexure B .
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:

The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March 2026 on its financial position in its standalone financial statements -
Refer Note 45 to the standalone financial statements.

The Company has made provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-
term contracts including derivative contracts - Refer Note 40 to the standalone financial statements.

There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company.

The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in the Note 43 to the standalone
financial statements, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other
sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or
entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been received by the Company from any
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that
the Company shall directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of
the Funding Parties ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

(iii) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to our notice
that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain
any material misstatement.

The final dividend paid by the Company during the year, in respect of the same declared for the previous year, is in accordance with Section 123
of the Act to the extent IT applies to payment of dividend.

As stated in Note 17 to the standalone financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Company has proposed final dividend for the year
which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with Section
123 of the Act to the extent IT applies to declaration of dividend.

Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company has used an accounting software for maintaining its books of account which
has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in
the software. Further, during the course of our audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally,
where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled and operated in the previous years, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per
the statutory requirements for record retention.
With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the
current year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid
down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which are
required to be commented upon by us.
Place : Mumbai
Date : 05 May, 2026

For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
ICAI UDIN : 26113156QNFUYI1461

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
(A)
The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant and
Equipment.

(B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company has
a regular programme of physical verification of its Property, Plant and Equipment by which all Property, plant and equipment are verified once
in three years. In accordance with this programme, no property, plant and equipment were verified during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity
of physical verification is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the title deeds
of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee and the leases agreements are duly executed in
favour of the lessee) disclosed in the standalone financial statements are held in the name of the Company.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company
has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible assets or both during the year.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, there are no
proceedings initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
The inventory, except goods-in-transit and stocks lying with third parties, has been physically verified by the management during the year.
For stocks lying with third parties at the year-end, written confirmations have been obtained and for goods-in-transit subsequent evidence of
receipts has been linked with inventory records. In our opinion, the frequency of such verification is reasonable and procedures and coverage
as followed by management were appropriate. No discrepancies were noticed on verification between the physical stocks and the book records
that were more than 10% in the aggregate of each class of inventory.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company
has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of
security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or statements filed by the Company with such banks or financial institutions are
in agreement with the books of account of the Company.
(iii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not
given any security or advance in nature of loans to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties during the year. The Company
has made investments, provided guarantee and granted unsecured loans, to companies and other parties in respect of which the requisite information
is as below. The Company has not made investments, provided guarantees and granted loans in firms or limited liability partnership.

Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations given to us the Company has provided loans or
stood guarantee to any other entity as below:

Rs in crores
Particulars
Guarantees
Loans
Aggregate amount during the year
Subsidiaries*
Joint ventures*
Associates*
Others*
-
2,236.00
434.15
#20.00
4.40
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date
Subsidiaries*
Joint ventures*
Associates*
Others*

-
1,271.00
334.15
-
24.40
*
As per the Companies Act, 2013
#
Associate upto 26 December 2025
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor s Report on the Standalone Financial Statements
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our
report of even date)

According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted by us, in our opinion the investments
made and guarantees provided during the year and the terms and conditions of the grant of loans and guarantees provided during the year are,
prima facie, not prejudicial to the interest of the Company.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, in the case of
loans given, in our opinion the repayment of principal and payment of interest has been stipulated and the repayments or receipts have been
regular. Further, the Company has not given any advance in the nature of loan to any party during the year.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, there is no
overdue amount for more than ninety days in respect of loans given. Further, the Company has not given any advances in the nature of loans
to any party during the year.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, there is no loan
or advance in the nature of loan granted falling due during the year, which has been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the
overdues of existing loans given to same parties.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company has
not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
(iv) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the Company, in respect of investments
made and loans, guarantees and security given by the Company, in our opinion the provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013
( the Act ) have been complied with.
The Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits from the public. Accordingly, clause 3(v) of the Order is
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules prescribed by the Central Government for
maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act in respect of its manufactured goods and are of the opinion that prima facie, the
prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed examination of the records with a
view to determine whether these are accurate or complete.
(vii) (a)
The Company does not have liability in respect of Service tax, Duty of excise, Sales tax and Value added tax during the year since effective
1 July 2017, these statutory dues has been subsumed into GST.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, in our opinion,
the undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or
Cess or other statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited by the Company with the appropriate authorities.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, no undisputed
amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other
statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2026 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, statutory dues
relating to Goods and Service Tax, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of
any dispute are as follows:
Name of the statute
Nature of the dues
Amount
(Rs. in crores)*
Period to which the
amount relates
Forum where dispute is
Income Tax Act, 1961

Income tax
24.12
A.Y. 2012-2013,
A.Y. 2018-2019,
A.Y. 2019-2020,
A.Y. 2020-2021,
A.Y. 2021-2022,
A.Y. 2023-2024
Assessing Officer
2,619.16
A.Y. 2014-2015,
A.Y. 2016-2017,
A.Y. 2017-2018,
A.Y. 2018-2019,
A.Y. 2020-2021,
A.Y. 2021-2022,
A.Y. 2022-2023
and A.Y. 2023-2024
CIT(A)
314.81
A.Y. 2021-2022
Income Tax Appellate
Tribunal

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Name of the statute
Nature of the dues
Amount
(Rs. in crores)*
Period to which the
amount relates
Forum where dispute is
Central Excise Act, 1944
Duty of Excise
2.52
Appellate Authority-
Commissioner
174.59
1991-1992, 2006-2007,
Appellate Authority -Tribunal
6.18
High Court
2,046.37
Supreme Court
Sales Tax and Value
Added Tax
Sales Tax
137.37
Appellate Authority-
Commissioner
176.22
Appellate Authority-Tribunal
Level
153.44
High Court
Finance Act, 1994
Service Tax
12.77
Appellate Authority-Tribunal
38.24
Supreme Court
Customs Act, 1962
Duty of Customs
1.69
Appellate Authority-
Commissioner
126.19
1990-1994 and
Appellate Authority-Tribunal
7.79
Supreme Court
GST Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax
256.66
Appellate Authority-
Commissioner
35.82
Appellate Authority-Tribunal
18.80
High Court
*
Net of amounts paid under protest (where applicable)
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not
surrendered or disclosed any transactions, previously unrecorded as income in the books of account, in the tax assessments under the Income Tax
Act, 1961 as income during the year.
(ix) (a)
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company
has not defaulted in repayment of loans and borrowing or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company
has not been declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or government authority.

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the management, the Company has not obtained any term loans.
Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the standalone financial statements of the Company,
we report that no funds raised on short-term basis have been used for long-term purposes by the Company.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the standalone financial statements of the Company,
we report that the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries,
associates or joint ventures as defined under the Act.

According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report that the Company has not raised loans
during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies (as defined under the Act).
(x)
The Company has not raised any moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments). Accordingly, clause 3(x)(a)
of the Order is not applicable.

According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the Company
has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly convertible debentures during the year. Accordingly,
clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
(xi) (a)
During the course of our examination of the books and records of the Company and according to the information and explanations given to
us, considering the principles of materiality outlined in Standards on Auditing, we report that no fraud by the Company or on the Company has
been noticed or reported during the year.

According to the information and explanations given to us, no report under sub-section (12) of Section 143 of the Act has been filed by the
auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.

We have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year while determining the nature, timing
and extent of our audit procedures.
(xii) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, clause 3(xii) of the Order is not
applicable.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the transactions with related parties are in compliance with Section 177
and 188 of the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone financial statements as
required by the applicable accounting standards.
(xiv) (a)
Based on information and explanations provided to us and our audit procedures, in our opinion, the Company has an internal audit system
commensurate with the size and nature of its business.

We have considered the internal audit reports of the Company issued till date for the period under audit.
(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its
directors or persons connected to its directors and hence, provisions of Section 192 of the Act are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) (a)
The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the
Order is not applicable.

The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the
Order is not applicable.

The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c)
of the Order is not applicable.

According to the information and explanations provided to us, the Group (as per the provisions of the Core Investment Companies (Reserve
Bank) Directions, 2016) has more than one CIC as part of the Group. The Group has five CICs as part of the Group
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current and in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xix) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of financial
assets and payment of financial liabilities, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the
evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the
date of the audit report that the Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company.
We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance
that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.

Also refer to the Other Information paragraph of our main audit report which explains that the other information comprising the information included
in Annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor s report.
(xx) (a)
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount under sub-section (5) of Section 135
of the Act pursuant to any project other than ongoing projects. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable.

In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has transferred the unspent amount to a Special Account within a period of 30 days from the end
of the financial year in compliance with Section 135(6) of the said Act.
Place : Mumbai
Date : 05 May, 2026

For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
ICAI UDIN : 26113156QNFUYI1461

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of
Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(f) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report of even date)
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ( the Company ) as of 31 March 2026 in
conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and such internal financial
controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements criteria established by the
Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the Guidance Note ).
Management s and Board of Directors Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The Company s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance
Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements based on our audit. We conducted
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit
of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were
established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company s internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
A company s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor s Report on the standalone financial statements of
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
Place : Mumbai
Date : 05 May, 2026

For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
ICAI UDIN : 26113156QNFUYI1461

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Rupees crores
ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment.....................................................................................................................................................................
16,715.80
15,961.68
Capital work-in-progress....................................................................................................................................................................................
1,688.87
1,763.19
Goodwill .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
23.19
Other Intangible assets......................................................................................................................................................................................
2,949.41
3,666.43
Intangible assets under development......................................................................................................................................................
3,618.87
2,141.40
Financial assets
Investments...................................................................................................................................................................................................
27,547.10
22,378.60
Loans..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
341.18
2,426.13
Other financial assets............................................................................................................................................................................
5,761.21
1,576.48
Income tax assets (net).....................................................................................................................................................................................
935.62
1,046.23
Other non-current assets.................................................................................................................................................................................
1,666.93
1,001.68
61,248.18
51,985.01
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
10,305.86
10,333.34
Financial assets
Investments...................................................................................................................................................................................................
14,484.55
13,089.45
Trade receivables.......................................................................................................................................................................................
6,485.75
5,725.57
Cash and cash equivalents.................................................................................................................................................................
760.78
1,264.39
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents...................................................................................................
17,719.13
9,526.16
Loans..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,150.52
1,169.49
Other financial assets............................................................................................................................................................................
3,062.15
2,369.03
Other current assets............................................................................................................................................................................................
4,222.63
4,186.47
Assets held for sale ............................................................................................................................................................................................
4(a)
163.13
-
59,354.50
47,663.90
TOTAL ASSETS.......................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,20,602.68
99,648.91
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
Equity share capital..............................................................................................................................................................................................
601.02
600.39
Other equity...............................................................................................................................................................................................................

73,724.14
60,984.71
74,325.16
61,585.10
LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities
Borrowings.....................................................................................................................................................................................................
526.54
1,055.90
Lease liabilities............................................................................................................................................................................................
411.73
390.49
Other financial liabilities.......................................................................................................................................................................
528.76
610.19
Provisions.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,800.01
1,425.74
Deferred tax liabilities (net)............................................................................................................................................................................
1,451.03
1,662.88
Other non-current liabilities............................................................................................................................................................................
1,121.95
838.82
5,840.02
5,984.02
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities
Borrowings.....................................................................................................................................................................................................
529.55
79.15
Lease liabilities ..........................................................................................................................................................................................
185.64
156.25
Trade payables

Total outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises.....................................................
533.19
536.38

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises....
28,966.71
22,869.39
Other financial liabilities.......................................................................................................................................................................
2,138.21
1,879.70
Other current liabilities......................................................................................................................................................................................
6,335.38
5,152.40
Provisions....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
979.61
843.15
Current tax liabilities (net)..............................................................................................................................................................................
769.21
563.37
40,437.50
32,079.79
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES............................................................................................................................................................
1,20,602.68
99,648.91
Balance Sheet | as at 31st March, 2026
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M.P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4164)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M.P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4164)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Statement of Profit and Loss | for the year ended 31st March, 2026
Rupees crores
INCOME
Revenue from operations................................................................................................................................................................................
1,45,575.77
1,16,483.68
Income from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures .................................................
2,189.58
2,140.85
Income from Operations ...............................................................................................................................................................................
1,47,765.35
1,18,624.53
Other income ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,774.94
1,711.87
Total income...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,50,540.29
1,20,336.40
EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed..........................................................................................................................................................................
1,04,783.50
81,822.23
Purchases of stock-in-trade...........................................................................................................................................................................
5,270.49
4,583.40
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress.......................................................
712.00
(65.54)
Employee benefits expense...........................................................................................................................................................................
5,290.29
4,881.48
Finance costs............................................................................................................................................................................................................
249.58
250.47
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense...................................................................................................................
4,292.68
4,226.78
Loss from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.........................................................
677.31
847.91
Other expenses.......................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,542.04
8,139.55
Total Expenses.....................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,29,817.89
1,04,686.28
Profit before exceptional items and tax ......................................................................................................................................
20,722.40
15,650.12
Exceptional items .................................................................................................................................................................................................
(98.19)
-
Profit before tax.................................................................................................................................................................................................
20,624.21
15,650.12
Tax Expense

Current tax....................................................................................................................................................................................................
(5,171.10)
(3,678.11)

Deferred tax.................................................................................................................................................................................................
185.82
(117.05)
Profit for the year.............................................................................................................................................................................................
15,638.93
11,854.96
Other comprehensive income / (loss)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans..........................................................................................
(68.79)
(82.71)

Equity instruments through other comprehensive income...............................................................
(0.49)
(6.09)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss.......................................
17.31
20.51
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Debt instruments through other comprehensive income..................................................................
(9.87)
13.63

Effective portion of gains / (losses) on designated portion of hedging instruments in
a cash flow hedge...........................................................................................................................................................
(24.82)
(0.84)

Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss................................................
8.72
(3.22)
Total other comprehensive income / (loss).................................................................................................................................
(77.94)
(58.72)
Total comprehensive income for the year...................................................................................................................................
15,560.99
11,796.24
Earnings per equity share:
(Face value Rs. 5/- per share) (Rupees)
Basic................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
130.18
98.80
Diluted...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
129.76
98.45

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Statement of Changes in Equity | for the year ended 31st March, 2026
(A) Equity Share Capital
Rupees crores
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up
Balance as at the beginning of the year..............................................................................
600.39
599.62
Add: Allotment of shares by M&M ESOP Trust to Employees...............................
0.63
0.77
Balance as at the end of the year............................................................................................
601.02
600.39
(B) Other Equity
Rupees crores
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Particulars
Capital
Reserve
Securities
Premium
General
Reserve
Debenture
Redemption
Reserve
Share
Option
Outstanding
Account
Retained
Earnings
Debt
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Equity
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Effective
portion of
Cash Flow
Hedges
[Note 40(ii)]
As at 1st April, 2025..........................................................
450.15
2,913.16
1,753.39
50.64
308.32
55,569.37
7.71
(70.84)
2.81
60,984.71
Profit for the year...................................................................
-
15,638.93
-
15,638.93
Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss).....................
-
(51.48)
(7.39)
(0.49)
(18.58)
(77.94)
Total Comprehensive Income / (loss) for the
year ...............................................................................................
-
15,587.45
(7.39)
(0.49)
(18.58)
15,560.99
Dividend paid on Equity Shares...................................
-
(3,146.13)
-
(3,146.13)
Exercise of employee stock options..........................
-
124.67
-
(124.67)
-
Trust to Employees..............................................................
-
(0.31)
-
(0.31)
On account of employee stock options lapsed.....
-
2.10
-
(2.10)
-
Share based payment to employees.........................
-
324.88
-
324.88
As at 31st March, 2026....................................................
450.15
3,037.52
1,755.49
50.64
506.43
68,010.69
0.32
(71.33)
(15.77) 73,724.14
(B)
Other Equity (contd.)
Rupees crores
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Capital
Reserve
Securities
Premium
General
Reserve
Debenture
Redemption
Reserve
Share
Option
Outstanding
Account
Retained
Earnings
Debt
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Equity
through Other
Comprehensive
Income
Effective
portion of
Cash Flow
Hedges
[Note 40 (ii)]
As at 1st April, 2024..........................................................
450.15
2,805.22
1,750.13
50.64
298.76
46,400.46
(2.49)
(64.75)
3.44
51,691.56
Profit for the year...................................................................
-
11,854.96
-
11,854.96
Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss).....................
-
(62.20)
10.20
(6.09)
(0.63)
(58.72)
Total Comprehensive Income / (Loss) for the
year ...............................................................................................
-
11,792.76
10.20
(6.09)
(0.63)
11,796.24
Dividend paid on equity shares......................................
-
(2,623.85)
-
(2,623.85)
Exercise of employee stock options..........................
-
108.32
-
(108.32)
-
Allotment of bonus shares by M&M ESOP Trust
to Employees..............................................................................
-
(0.38)
-
(0.38)
lapsed .............................................................................................
-
3.26
-
(3.26)
-
Share based payment to employees ........................
-
121.14
-
121.14
As at 31st March, 2025....................................................
450.15
2,913.16
1,753.39
50.64
308.32
55,569.37
7.71
(70.84)
2.81
60,984.71
Remeasurement loss (net) on defined benefit plans Rs. 51.48 crores (2025 : Rs. 62.20 crores) has been recognised during the year as part of Retained earnings.
(C)
Description of the nature and purpose of Other Equity:

Capital reserve: Capital reserve mainly represents the amount of net assets acquired over and above consideration paid consequent to the Scheme of Arrangement.

Securities premium: Securities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The fair value of employee stock options is recognised in Securities Premium once the shares have been allotted on exercise of
the options.

General reserve: General reserve comprises of transfer of profits from retained earnings for appropriation purposes. The reserve can be distributed/utilised by the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013.

Retained earnings: Retained earnings comprises of accumulated balance of profits / (losses) of current and prior years including transfers made to / from other reserves from time to time. The reserve can be utilized or distributed
by the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

Debenture redemption reserve: Debenture redemption reserve is a statutory reserve (as per Companies Act, 2013) created out of profits of the Company available for payment of dividend for the purpose of redemption of
Debentures issued by the Company. On completion of redemption, the reserve is transferred to retained earnings.

Share option outstanding account: Share option outstanding account represents reserve in respect of equity settled share options granted to the Company s employees in pursuance of the Employee Stock Option Plan.
Notes
The Company has reduced the Share capital by Rs. 10.37 crores (2025: Rs. 10.69 crores) and Securities premium by Rs. 182.94 crores (2025: Rs. 182.94 crores) for the 2,07,44,414 shares of Rs. 5 each (2025: 2,13,72,521 shares
of Rs. 5 each) held by the M&M ESOP Trust pending transfer to the eligible employees.
The Share capital of the Company has also been reduced and the Securities premium increased by Rs. 10.38 crores (2025: Rs. 10.69 crores) for the 2,07,44,413 bonus shares of Rs. 5 each (2025: 2,13,72,521 bonus shares of Rs. 5
each) issued by the Company in December, 2017 to the M&M ESOP Trust but not yet transferred by the M&M ESOP Trust to the employees.
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M.P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4164)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Statement of Cash Flows | for the year ended 31st March, 2026
Rupees crores
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before exceptional items and tax ..........................................................................................................................................................................
20,722.40
15,650.12
Adjustments for
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense..........................................................................................................................................
4,292.68
4,226.78
(Gain) / Loss on foreign exchange fluctuations (net) ........................................................................................................................................
(155.76)
37.83
Dividend on investment and interest income...........................................................................................................................................................
(3,343.75)
(2,971.49)
Gain arising on financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value (net) ...............................................................................................
(738.28)
(132.60)
Gain arising on sale of non-current investments (net) ....................................................................................................................................
(549.31)
(116.80)
Impairment provisions for non-current investment ............................................................................................................................................
668.37
775.84
Finance costs....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
249.58
250.47
Equity-settled share-based payment expenses.......................................................................................................................................................
297.91
105.87
Loss / (Gain) on property, plant and equipment sold / scrapped / written off (net) ..................................................................
5.85
(269.53)
727.29
1,906.37
Operating profit before working capital changes........................................................................................................................................................
21,449.69
17,556.49
Changes in
Trade and other receivables..................................................................................................................................................................................................
(1,636.91)
(2,831.17)
Inventories..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
27.48
(615.30)
Trade and other payables and provisions....................................................................................................................................................................
7,787.81
6,048.72
6,178.38
2,602.25
Cash generated from operations.............................................................................................................................................................................................
27,628.07
20,158.74
Income taxes paid (net) ................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(4,869.58)
(3,541.54)
Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities .................................................................................................................................................................
22,758.49
16,617.20
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Payments to acquire property, plant and equipment and intangible assets .........................................................................................
(6,307.85)
(5,114.92)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets ......................................................................................
229.30
466.04
Payments to acquire non-current investments in subsidiaries ........................................................................................................................
(6,370.30)
(2,667.86)
Payments to acquire non-current investments in associates ...........................................................................................................................
(27.49)
-
Payments to acquire non-current investments in joint ventures ..................................................................................................................
(36.00)
(123.62)
Proceeds from sale of non-current investments in subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures .......................................................
259.84
137.38
Payments to acquire other non-current investments ............................................................................................................................................
(28.13)
(1.96)
Proceeds from sale of certain non-current investments .....................................................................................................................................
972.91
26.91
Payments to acquire current investments .....................................................................................................................................................................
(70,983.94)
(57,418.95)
Proceeds from sale of current investments ..................................................................................................................................................................
70,048.55
53,314.39
Bank deposits placed (including earmarked balances and margin account with banks) ..............................................................
(22,974.90)
(9,238.97)
Bank deposits matured (including earmarked balances and margin account with banks) ..........................................................
11,168.62
5,119.09
Interest received ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,240.73
773.20
Dividends received ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,771.47
1,824.80
Loans/Inter-corporate deposits given .................................................................................................................................................................................
(2,980.15)
(4,238.90)
Loans/Inter-corporate deposits refunded ........................................................................................................................................................................
4,284.28
3,269.35
Net Cash Flow used in Investing Activities .............................................................................................................................................................
(19,733.06)
(13,874.02)
Rupees crores
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of borrowings............................................................................................................................................................................................................
(79.15)
(450.03)
Repayment of lease liabilities (including interest)......................................................................................................................................................
(198.42)
(167.06)
Dividends paid (including payment of unclaimed dividend) ................................................................................................................................
(3,141.85)
(2,619.62)
Interest, commitment and finance charges paid..........................................................................................................................................................
(109.64)
(118.13)
Net Cash Flow used in Financing Activities ............................................................................................................................................................
(3,529.06)
(3,354.84)
Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) ....................................................................................................................................
(503.63)
(611.66)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the Beginning of the Year...........................................................................................................................
1,264.39
1,876.03
Unrealised gain on foreign currency cash and cash equivalents ...................................................................................................................
0.02
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the End of the Year [refer note 14] .................................................................................................
760.78
1,264.39
Note
The above Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 7 - Statement of
Cash Flows .
Statement of Cash Flows (contd.)
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M.P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4164)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
1.
General information

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ( the Company ) is a limited company incorporated in India. The address of its registered office and principal activities of the
Company are disclosed in the introduction to the Annual Report.

The Ordinary (Equity) shares of the Company are listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ( NSE ) and BSE Limited ( BSE ) in India. The Global
Depository Receipts (GDRs) of the Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are also admitted for trading on International Order Book
(IOB) of the London Stock Exchange. The Company s privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) are listed on the Debt Segment of BSE.
2.
Material accounting policy information

Statement of compliance and basis of preparation and presentation

These standalone or separate financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards as per the
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) and other
relevant provisions of the Act.

These standalone or separate financial statements were approved by the Company s Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 5th May, 2026.

Basis of measurement

The standalone financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments which are measured
at fair values in accordance with Ind AS.

(c) Measurement of fair values

A number of Company s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial assets and
liabilities. The Company has established policies and procedures with respect to the measurement of fair values.

Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:

-
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;

-
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly;

-
Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions, that affect
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses at the date of these financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in
which the estimate is revised and future periods affected.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty, critical judgments and assumptions at the date of financial statements, which may cause a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are in respect of the below:

Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets - refer note 2(e) and 2(f).

Provision for product warranties - refer note 2(q) and note 20.

(iii) Fair value of financial assets, liabilities and investments - refer note 40(f).

(iv) Impairment of tangible and intangible assets including investments - refer note 2(g).

Classification of investment as subsidiary, associate or joint venture - refer note 2(j).

(vi) Recoverability of deferred tax asset on unabsorbed losses - refer note 2(p) and note 21.

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment,
if any.

Cost includes financing cost relating to borrowed funds attributable to the construction or acquisition of qualifying tangible assets upto the date
the assets are ready for use.

Depreciation is provided on straight-line basis for property, plant and equipment so as to expense the depreciable amount, i.e. the cost less
estimated residual value, over its estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and the effect of any
changes in estimate is accounted for on a prospective basis.

When an asset is scrapped or otherwise disposed off, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the books of account and
resultant profit or loss, if any, is reflected in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements | for the year ended 31st March, 2026

The management s estimate of useful lives are in accordance with Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, other than the following asset classes,
based on the Company s expected usage pattern supported by technical assessment:
Asset Class
Useful lives
Certain items of Plant and Equipment
2 - 25 years as the case may be
Buildings (Roads)
15 years
(iii) Vehicles

Other Intangible assets

The Company expenses costs incurred during research phase to profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred. Development phase expenses
are initially recognised as intangible assets under development until the development phase is complete, upon which the amount is capitalised as
intangible asset.

Intangible assets

Intangible assets are initially recognised at cost.

Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortised on a straight line basis so as to reflect the pattern in which
the asset s economic benefits are consumed and are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

The intangible assets are amortised over the estimated period of benefit as below:
Asset Class
Useful lives
Development expenditure
3-5 years
Brand licences
30 years
(iii) Computer software
(iv) Others (excluding Transferable Development Rights (TDRs)
10 years

The amortisation period for intangible assets are reviewed annually and changes in expected useful lives are treated as changes in estimates.

(g) Impairment of assets

At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets, intangible assets and investments in
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any
such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to sell, of the asset or cash-generating
unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised and the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.

In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value. When IT is not possible to estimate the
recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit is increased to the revised estimate
of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) earlier.

Goodwill and other intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that the
assets may be impaired.

(h)
Inventories

Inventories are carried at cost or net realisable value whichever is lower. Cost is determined on the basis of the weighted average method and
comprises of all cost of purchase, conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

Foreign exchange transactions and translation

Transactions in foreign currencies i.e. other than the Company s functional currency of Indian Rupees are recognised at the rates of exchange
prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
the functional currency using exchange rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items measured at fair value that are denominated in foreign
currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of
historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in
which they arise except for exchange differences on transactions entered into in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks (refer policy (k) on
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting).
2.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
2.

(j)
Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

The Company assesses if IT has acquired control, joint control or significant influence over an investee based on shareholding, voting power, composition
of board, rights under shareholder agreements and other facts and circumstances of each case which involves use of judgment.

The Company accounts for its equity investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at cost less accumulated impairment, if any.

(k)
Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or
deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable
to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. A trade
receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

Classification and subsequent measurement

Financial assets

All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales
are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
marketplace. All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured at either amortised cost or fair value depending on their respective
classification.

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at

-
Amortised cost - debt instrument; or

-
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) - debt instrument; or

-
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) - equity instrument; or

-
Fair Value through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)

The classification of debt instrument as amortised cost or FVTOCI is based on the business model and cash flow characteristic of such instrument.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except if the Company changes its business model for managing financial
assets.

A financial asset not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI is measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets unless
designated as effective hedge instruments which are accounted as per hedge accounting requirements discussed below.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost using effective interest rate method. The amortised cost is reduced
by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment expenses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain and
loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

For equity investments other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the Company makes an election on an instrument-
by-instrument basis to designate equity investments as measured at FVTOCI. These elected investments are measured at fair value with gains and
losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the reserves. The cumulative gain or loss
is not reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the investments. These equity investments are not held for trading. Dividend income received on
such equity investments are recognised in profit or loss.

Equity investments that are not designated to be measured at Cost or FVTOCI are designated to be measured at FVTPL. Subsequent changes in
fair value are recognised in profit or loss.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Debt and equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the
contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if IT is classified as held-for-
trading or IT is a derivative (that does not meet hedge accounting requirements) or IT is designated as such on initial recognition.

Derecognition of financial assets

The Company derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or IT transfers the rights
to receive the contractual cash flows from financial asset in a manner that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are
transferred to another party. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to
control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for the amount IT may have to pay.

If the Company enters into transactions whereby IT transfers assets recognised on its Balance Sheet, but retains either all or substantially all
of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets are not derecognised and the proceeds received are recognised as a
collateralised borrowing/other financial liabilities.

Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the Balance Sheet when, and only when, the Company currently
has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and IT intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the
liability simultaneously.

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

The Company enters into derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate swaps, to manage its
exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the
scope of Ind AS 109 are treated as separate derivatives when their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts
and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the
end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective
as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship and the
nature of the hedged item.

The Company designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives in respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges
or cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments/highly probable forecast transactions are accounted for as cash
flow hedges.

At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along
with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and
on an ongoing basis, the Company documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows
of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

Impairment of financial assets

The Company applies the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for recognising impairment loss on financial assets. With respect to trade receivables
and loans, the Company measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery.
This is generally the case when the Company determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement
activities under the Company s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in
profit or loss.

(l)
Revenue Recognition

Sale of goods or services

Revenue from sale of goods are recognised upon satisfaction of performance obligation which is at a point in time, generally on delivery of the
goods, when control of the goods is transferred to customers. Revenue from services are recognised upon satisfaction of performance obligation
towards rendering of such services.

The Company recognises revenue from sale of goods or services at the amount of transaction price (excluding variable consideration that is
constrained), that is allocated to the performance obligation satisfied. Transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Company
expects IT to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

An amount of consideration can vary because of discounts, rebates, incentives etc. which are explicitly stated in the contract or are as per customary
business practices. The consideration can also vary where the entitlement is contingent on occurrence or non-occurrence of a future event. The
Company includes variable consideration as part of transaction price only to the extent that IT is highly probable that a significant reversal in the
amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
Variable consideration is estimated using the expected value method or the most likely amount depending on which method the Company expects
to better predict the amount of consideration to which IT will be entitled and is applied consistently throughout the contract.

Payment terms agreed with a customer are as per business practice and the financing component, if significant, is separated from the transaction
price and accounted as interest income/expense, as applicable.

Dividend and interest income

Dividend from investments are recognised in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.

Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when IT is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount of
income can be measured reliably.

Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

(m) Government Grants

The Company, directly or indirectly through a consortium of Mahindra Group companies, is entitled to various incentives from government authorities.
Government grants are recognised when there is a reasonable assurance that the same will be received and all attached conditions will be complied with.
Government grants that are capital in nature, are reduced from the cost of an asset and are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over
the useful life of the asset.

Government grants that are revenue in nature, are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company
recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

(n)
Employee Benefits

Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund

The Company s contribution paid/payable during the year to Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund are recognised in profit or loss.

Provident Fund

Contributions to Provident Fund are made to a Trust administered by the Company/Regional Provident Fund Commissioners and are charged to
profit or loss as incurred. The Company is liable for the contribution and any shortfall in interest between the amount of income earned by the Trust
and the interest payable to members at the rate declared by the Government of India in respect of the Trust administered by the Company and
the same is recognised in profit or loss. The remeasurement based on actuarial valuation is recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).

Gratuity, long term compensated absences, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes

The liability towards gratuity, long term compensated absences, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes
are determined by independent actuaries, using the projected unit credit method.

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans, comprising of actuarial gains or losses, return on plan assets excluding interest income are recognised
immediately in Balance Sheet with corresponding debit or credit to other comprehensive income. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or
loss in subsequent period.

Remeasurement gains or losses on long term compensated absences that are classified as other long term benefits are recognised in profit or loss.

Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are recognised immediately in the
Statement of Profit and Loss as past service cost.

Share based payments

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. The fair value
determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the
Company s estimate of the number of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity.

(o)
Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial
period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready
for their intended use or sale except for the period the construction activities are temporarily suspended. All other borrowing costs are recognised
in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

(p)
Income taxes

Current tax

The Company s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset, if entity has a legally enforceable right to set off recognised amounts and intends to settle
on net basis or to realise the current tax asset and settle the current tax liabilities simultaneously.

Deferred tax

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset
realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement
of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end
of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax
liabilities, and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

Deferred tax assets including that on unused tax losses and unused tax credits are recognised to the extent that IT is probable and there is
convincing evidence that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences could be utilised.
2.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised for temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
arrangements to the extent that the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and IT is probable that
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that IT is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

(q)
Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, IT is probable that the
Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a
provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When provision is measured using the cash flow estimated to settle the present obligation,
its carrying amount is the present value of these cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

Provisions for the expected cost of warranty obligations are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, at the best estimate of the
expenditure required to settle the Company s obligation. The provisions are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current
best estimate.

(r)
Leases

The Company as a lessee

The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost.

The right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the asset s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted using the interest rate
implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using the incremental borrowing rate.

IT is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Company s
estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Company changes its assessment of whether IT will
exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.

When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or
less and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term.

The Company as a lessor

When the Company acts as a lessor, IT determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.

Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance
lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

When the Company is an intermediate lessor, IT accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. The sublease is classified
as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.

The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

(s)
Business Combination

Business Combination under common control are accounted under the pooling of interest method i.e. in accordance with Appendix C in Ind AS 103
- Business combinations, at carrying amount of assets and liabilities acquired and any excess of consideration issued over the net assets acquired
is recognised as capital reserve on common control business combination.

(t)
Non-current assets held for sale

Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction
rather than through continuing use. Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying
value and fair value less costs to sell.
3.
Recent accounting pronouncements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
Rules as issued from time to time. During the year, the MCA has issued an amendment for removal of carve-out under Ind AS 1, Presentation of financial
statements relating to classification of liabilities subject to covenants breach which is applicable with effect from 1st April 2026. The Company has reviewed
the new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has determined that IT does not have any significant impact in standalone financial statements.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
4.

Property, plant and equipment comprise of owned and right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of Investment property.
Rupees crores
Particulars
(a) Owned assets ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
15,624.02
14,891.06
(b) Right-of-use assets........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,091.78
1,070.62
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
16,715.80
15,961.68

Owned assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Land -
freehold
Buildings * Plant and
Office
Furniture
Aircraft
Vehicles
Total
Cost
Balance as at 1st April, 2024........................................
323.95
4,810.05 23,472.32
247.51
272.46
57.22
324.01 29,507.52
Additions / Transfer from capital work-in-
progress during the year.......................................................
-
716.72
3,419.59
28.84
18.76
-
17.61
4,201.52
Disposals during the year ...................................................
(1.52)
(25.27)
(364.51)
(32.48)
(18.51)
(57.22)
(93.95)
(593.46)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025.................................
322.43
5,501.50 26,527.40
243.87
272.71
-
247.67 33,115.58
Balance as at 1st April, 2025........................................
322.43 5,501.50 26,527.40
243.87
272.71
-
247.67 33,115.58
Additions / Transfer from capital work-in-
progress during the year .....................................................
41.07
318.13 2,966.53
22.91
15.37
-
15.78 3,379.79
(0.02)
(27.09)
(462.87)
(11.62)
(13.99)
-
(85.98)
(601.57)
Capital subsidy ............................................................................
-
(59.77)
-
(59.77)
Reclassified to Assets held for sale ............................
(163.13)
-
(163.13)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026.................................
200.35 5,732.77 29,031.06
255.16
274.09
-
177.47 35,670.90
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
Balance as at 1st April, 2024........................................
-
1,402.27 14,430.66
198.36
208.73
51.34
253.52 16,544.88
Depreciation expense for the year................................
-
164.07
1,979.94
15.92
13.23
1.92
24.09
2,199.17
-
(9.18)
(336.02)
(28.86)
(17.22)
(53.26)
(74.99)
(519.53)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025.................................
-
1,557.16 16,074.58
185.42
204.74
-
202.62 18,224.52
Balance as at 1st April, 2025........................................
- 1,557.16 16,074.58
185.42
204.74
-
202.62 18,224.52
Depreciation expense for the year................................
-
178.95 2,107.51
19.57
12.02
-
14.14 2,332.19
-
(6.84)
(410.29)
(9.99)
(12.77)
-
(69.94)
(509.83)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026.................................
- 1,729.27 17,771.80
195.00
203.99
-
146.82 20,046.88
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025........
322.43
3,944.34 10,452.82
58.45
67.97
-
45.05 14,891.06
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026...
200.35 4,003.50 11,259.26
60.16
70.10
-
30.65 15,624.02

Notes

Buildings include Rs. * crores (2025: Rs. * crores) being the value of shares in co-operative housing societies.

*
denotes amounts less than Rs. 50,000.
4.
Property, plant and equipment (contd.)

Right-of-use assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Land
Buildings
Vehicles
Plant and
Total
Cost
654.51
137.69
470.01
82.71
1,344.92
Additions during the year ................................................................................
15.04
44.15
169.64
7.60
236.43
Deductions during the year ............................................................................
-
(41.59)
(46.36)
(0.30)
(88.25)
669.55
140.25
593.29
90.01
1,493.10
Balance as at 1st April, 2025 ...................................................................
669.55
140.25
593.29
90.01
1,493.10
Additions during the year ................................................................................
1.86
38.57
170.30
11.01
221.74
Deductions during the year ............................................................................
-
(16.03)
(59.94)
(0.89)
(76.86)
671.41
162.79
703.65
100.13
1,637.98
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
35.69
79.75
180.78
22.37
318.59
11.28
28.31
113.03
12.86
165.48
-
(32.71)
(28.76)
(0.12)
(61.59)
46.97
75.35
265.05
35.11
422.48
Balance as at 1st April, 2025 ...................................................................
46.97
75.35
265.05
35.11
422.48
12.50
25.59
133.72
14.96
186.77
-
(14.93)
(47.26)
(0.86)
(63.05)
59.47
86.01
351.51
49.21
546.20
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025 ...................................
622.58
64.90
328.24
54.90
1,070.62
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026 ............................
611.94
76.78
352.14
50.92
1,091.78
5.
Capital-work-in progress (CWIP)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year ...............................................................................................................................................................................
1,763.19
1,852.54
Additions during the year ................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,365.81
4,201.50
Interest capitalisation .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
21.03
40.66
Transfer to property, plant and equipment .........................................................................................................................................................................
(3,379.79)
(4,201.52)
Deletions during the year ................................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
(0.89)
Impairment losses during the year ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
(81.37)
(129.10)
Balance at the end of the year ..............................................................................................................................................................................................
1,688.87
1,763.19

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
5.
Capital-work-in progress (CWIP) (contd.)

Ageing of capital-work-in progress
Rupees crores
Particulars
Amount in Capital-work-in progress for a period of
Less than
More than
Total
As at 31st March, 2026
Projects in progress ...................................................................................................................................
1,555.17
111.38
19.69
2.63
1,688.87
Total.......................................................................................................................................................................
1,555.17
111.38
19.69
2.63
1,688.87
As at 31st March, 2025
Projects in progress ...................................................................................................................................
1,611.29
134.32
7.81
9.77
1,763.19
Total .....................................................................................................................................................................
1,611.29
134.32
7.81
9.77
1,763.19
6.
Other intangible assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Development
expenditure
Brand
licences
Computer
Others
Total
Cost
Balance as at 1st April, 2024..................................................................
8,904.05
134.05
148.72
145.03
9,331.85
Additions / Transfer from Intangible assets under
development during the year ....................................................................
1,435.70
-
18.53
-
1,454.23
Deductions during the year .........................................................................
(1,836.46)
-
(0.27)
(28.55)
(1,865.28)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 ..........................................................
8,503.29
134.05
166.98
116.48
8,920.80
Balance as at 1st April, 2025 ................................................................
8,503.29
134.05
166.98
116.48
8,920.80
Transfer from Intangible assets under development
during the year .....................................................................................................
941.06
0.43
33.54
-
975.03
Deductions during the year..........................................................................
(413.04)
-
(1.66)
-
(414.70)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 ..........................................................
9,031.31
134.48
198.86
116.48
9,481.13
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
Balance as at 1st April, 2024..................................................................
5,276.89
38.65
107.68
116.22
5,539.44
Amortisation expense for the year ........................................................
1,521.58
4.31
25.73
0.04
1,551.66
Deductions during the year .........................................................................
(1,836.46)
-
(0.27)
-
(1,836.73)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025...........................................................
4,962.01
42.96
133.14
116.26
5,254.37
Balance as at 1st April, 2025..................................................................
4,962.01
42.96
133.14
116.26
5,254.37
Amortisation expense for the year.........................................................
1,604.45
4.31
30.51
0.04
1,639.31
Impairment losses during the year ........................................................
52.26
-
52.26
Deductions during the year..........................................................................
(413.04)
-
(1.18)
-
(414.22)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026...........................................................
6,205.68
47.27
162.47
116.30
6,531.72
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025..................................
3,541.28
91.09
33.84
0.22
3,666.43
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026...........................
2,825.63
87.21
36.39
0.18
2,949.41

Note

Others include trade marks, Transferable Development Rights ( TDR ), etc.
7.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year ...............................................................................................................................................................................
2,141.40
1,910.44
Additions during the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,399.34
1,815.22
Interest capitalisation...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
62.92
45.97
Transfer to Intangible assets .........................................................................................................................................................................................................
(975.03)
(1,447.90)
Deletions during the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(8.98)
(0.96)
Impairment losses during the year.............................................................................................................................................................................................
(0.78)
(181.37)
Balance at the end of the year ..............................................................................................................................................................................................
3,618.87
2,141.40

Ageing of intangible assets under development
Rupees crores
Particulars
Amount in Intangible assets under development for a period of
Less than
More than
Total
As at 31st March, 2026
Projects in progress ...................................................................................................................................
2,571.44
355.79
257.92
433.72
3,618.87
Total .....................................................................................................................................................................
2,571.44
355.79
257.92
433.72
3,618.87
As at 31st March, 2025
Projects in progress ...................................................................................................................................
1,186.54
404.78
252.32
297.76
2,141.40
Total .....................................................................................................................................................................
1,186.54
404.78
252.32
297.76
2,141.40
8.
Investments

Non-current investments
Particulars
Face Value
Per Unit
(Rupees)
Number
Rupees
Number
Rupees
Investments in Equity Instruments (fully paid-up, unless stated
otherwise)
Quoted
(A)
At Cost
In Subsidiary Companies

Equity shares
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited.................
72,95,82,599
4,499.41
64,43,99,987
2,846.87
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited..........................................................
1,51,44,433
77.75
1,51,44,433
77.75
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited.........................
13,48,35,922
24.72
13,48,35,922
24.72
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited..................................
11,18,05,708
1,275.18
7,93,19,550
440.28
Mahindra Logistics Limited....................................................................
5,91,12,927
521.04
4,18,12,257
41.81
Swaraj Engines Limited.............................................................................
63,31,141
322.29
63,31,141
322.29
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly known as SML Isuzu Limited)
85,33,726
564.77
-
7,285.16
3,753.72
In Associate Companies
Equity shares
Tech Mahindra Limited.....................................................................
24,80,22,598
971.75
24,80,22,598
971.75
Brainbees Solutions Limited .......................................................
4,50,41,821
351.13
5,02,33,661
391.61
1,322.88
1,363.36
(B)
Designated and measured at FVTPL
In Other Companies
KG Mobility Co. Ltd. (listed on stock exchange outside
India) ....................................................................................................................
KRW 5,000
-
1,17,92,665
254.67
RBL Bank Limited ........................................................................................
-
2,11,43,000
367.57
-
622.24

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Particulars
Face Value
Per Unit
(Rupees)
Number
Rupees
Number
Rupees
(C)
In Other Companies
Equity shares....................................................................................................
1.76
2.22
Preference shares ........................................................................................
*
0.03
1.76
2.25
Investments in Equity Instruments-Quoted (Total) ..................
8,609.80
5,741.57
Unquoted
(A)
At Cost
In Subsidiary Companies
Equity shares
Gromax Agri Equipment Limited .........................................
59,73,218
4.29
59,73,218
4.29
Kota Farm Services Limited ...................................................
2,73,420
-
2,73,420
-
Mahindra & Mahindra Contech Limited ..........................
35,000
0.04
35,000
0.04
Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited .........................................
12,74,42,973
443.38
12,74,42,973
443.38
Mahindra and Mahindra South Africa (Proprietary)
Limited ....................................................................................................
ZAR 1
5,20,00,000
28.54
5,20,00,000
28.54
Mahindra Automotive Australia Pty. Limited ...............
AUD 1
45,75,000
21.16
45,75,000
21.16
Mahindra Automotive Mauritius Limited ........................
-Ordinary shares .............................................................................
EUR 1
13,30,05,001
1,075.42
13,30,05,001
1,075.42
-Ordinary shares .............................................................................
NA
***
1,379.65
***
1,028.55
Mahindra Aerospace Private Limited ................................
10 1,01,09,27,684
1,205.49
91,23,89,607
1,106.96
Mahindra Construction Company Limited .....................
9,00,000
-
9,00,000
-
Mahindra Defence Systems Limited ..................................
-
1,67,23,655
292.95
Mahindra do Brasil Industrial Ltda.(quotas) .................
BRL 1
6,09,10,950
97.80
6,09,10,950
97.80
Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited .................................
10 4,30,83,18,199
6,950.49
3,97,58,73,755
5,454.49
Mahindra eMarket Limited .......................................................
3,59,865
0.02
3,59,865
0.02
Mahindra Holdings Limited ......................................................
10 2,70,53,71,700
2,705.37
2,70,53,71,700
2,705.37
- Ordinary shares ...........................................................................
US $ 1
30,14,29,209
1,893.69
30,14,29,209
1,893.69
- Ordinary shares ...........................................................................
NA
56,65,99,032
1,295.58
38,60,43,477
1,017.97
Mahindra Sustainable Energy Private Limited.............
12,82,55,200
128.26
12,34,35,200
123.44
Mahindra Two Wheelers Europe Holdings S.a.r.l.
EUR 1
1,49,00,000
188.71
1,49,00,000
188.71
- Class B Shares .............................................................................
EUR 0.05 1,60,00,00,000
633.90
1,60,00,00,000
633.90
- Class C Shares .............................................................................
EUR 0.03
53,33,33,300
135.16
53,33,33,300
135.16
- Class D Shares .............................................................................
EUR 0.02 1,65,00,00,000
286.35
1,65,00,00,000
286.35
US $ 0.25
45,60,00,000
755.08
45,60,00,000
755.08
- Class B Shares .............................................................................
US $ 0.16
67,25,00,000
795.94
67,25,00,000
795.94
Mahindra Accelo Limited ............................................................
2,71,00,007
710.71
2,71,00,007
710.71
Mahindra Integrated Business Solutions Private Limited
82,79,511
178.84
82,79,511
178.84
Mitsubishi
Mahindra
Agricultural
Machinery
Co.,
Limited: ..................................................................................................
- Equity share ...................................................................................
NA
42.53
NA
506.52
149.06
M.I.T.R.A. Agro Equipments Private Limited ..................
2,63,126
89.02
2,63,126
89.02
NBS International Limited ........................................................
4,45,50,476
45.30
4,45,50,476
45.30
Particulars
Face Value
Per Unit
(Rupees)
Number
Rupees
Number
Rupees
Resurgence Solarize Urja Private Limited ....................
42,90,000
4.29
25,94,800
2.59
Sampo Rosenlew Oy ....................................................................
NA
-
9,30,807
641.33
Officemartindia.com Limited ...................................................
7,49,997
-
7,49,997
-
Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited .................................
90,10,50,000
901.05
86,00,50,000
860.05
PSL Media & Communications Limited ...........................
19,750
0.01
-
Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited (Formerly
known as Mahindra-BT Investment Company (Mauritius)
Limited .................................................................................................................
USD 1
1,18,80,000
191.08
-
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited ....................
10 1,36,11,60,400
436.13
-
23,129.80
20,808.64
In Associate Companies
Equity shares
PF Holdings B.V. ...................................................................................
EUR 1
2,63,36,050
254.05
2,63,36,050
254.05
PSL Media & Communications Limited ...............................
-
19,750
0.01
Blue Planet Integrated Waste Solutions Limited .........
-
60,00,000
5.94
ReNew Sunlight Energy Private Limited ...........................
1,60,74,000
16.07
1,60,74,000
16.07
Gelos Solren Private Limited .....................................................
7,79,870
27.49
-
297.61
276.07
In Joint Venture Companies
Equity shares
Carnot Technologies Private Limited ................................
10,544
14.95
10,544
14.95
Classic Legends Private Limited ...........................................
47,63,24,923
561.71
45,27,95,511
525.71
Mahindra Ideal Lanka (Private) Limited ...........................
LKR 1000
-
1,75,000
6.79
Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private Limited ..........
2,77,68,400
71.56
2,77,68,400
71.56
Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited (Formerly
known as Mahindra-BT Investment Company (Mauritius)
Limited ....................................................................................................
USD 1
-
67,71,600
123.62
648.22
742.63
Preference shares
(classified as equity instruments)
Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares
- Series A .............................................................................................
6,663
5.77
6,663
5.77
- Series B .............................................................................................
2,298
3.00
2,298
3.00
- Series C .............................................................................................
1,613
2.50
1,613
2.50
- Seed .....................................................................................................
4,480
5.85
4,480
5.85
Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Participating Preference
Shares: Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private Limited
- 0.01% Series C ............................................................................
3,15,788
64.38
3,15,788
64.38
- 0.01% Series C1 ........................................................................
1,84,529
37.50
1,84,529
37.50
- 0.01% Series B ...........................................................................
1,53,195
31.03
1,53,195
31.03
150.03
798.25
892.66
In Trust Securities
M&M Benefit Trust ........................................................................
1,189.42
M&M Fractional Entitlement Trust ....................................
0.01
Sunrise Initiatives Trust .............................................................
62.30
New Democratic Electoral Trust .........................................
0.02
1,251.75
8.
Investments (contd.)

8.
Investments (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
8.
Investments (contd.)

8.
Investments (contd.)

Particulars
Face Value
Per Unit
(Rupees)
Number
Rupees
Number
Rupees
(B)
In Other Companies
Gamaya SA
- Common shares ...............................................................................
CHF 1
48,237
-
48,237
-
Equity shares - others ....................................................................
0.05
Preference shares (classified as equity instruments)
Compulsory Convertible Cumulative Preference shares
Health Care at Home India Private Limited
- 0.001 % Class MW2 ....................................................................
10,87,711
10.88
10,87,711
10.88
Investments in Equity Instruments - Unquoted (Total) .........
25,488.34
23,240.05
Investments in Equity Instruments (Total).........................................
34,098.14
28,981.62
Investments in Debt instruments
Unquoted
At Amortised Cost
In Subsidiary Companies
10.00% Non-Cumulative Redeemable Participating Preference
Shares: Mahindra Construction Company Limited ...........
5,40,000
-
5,40,000
-
In Other Companies
Others ......................................................................................................
*
Investments in Debt Instruments (Total)............................................
-
Other Non Current Investments
Quoted
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Sustainable Energy Infra Trust ..............................................
3,38,94,912
440.63
3,38,94,912
366.06
Cube Highways Trust .......................................................................
34,00,000
49.64
-
490.27
366.06
Unquoted
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
In Subsidiary companies
6.00%
Optionally
Convertible
Cumulative
Redeemable
Preference Shares: Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited....
1,06,96,170
38.41
1,06,96,170
38.33
7.91% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Bonds: Mahindra
Two Wheelers Europe Holdings S.a.r.l ...................................
1 6,57,70,67,725
-
6,57,70,67,725
-
38.41
38.33
In Others

Investment in Alternate Investment Fund......................
21.43
27.40
21.43
27.40
Other Non Current Investments - Unquoted (Total) ...................

59.84
65.73
Investment in Other Non Current Investments (Total) ............
550.11
431.79
Total Non Current Investments (Gross) .................................................
34,648.25
29,413.41
Less: Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments....
(7,101.15)
(7,034.81)
Total ..................................................................................................................................
27,547.10
22,378.60
Particulars
Face Value
Per Unit
(Rupees)
Number
Rupees
Number
Rupees
Other Disclosures
Aggregate amount of quoted investments (Gross)....................
9,100.07
6,107.63
Market Value of quoted investments.................................................
70,476.38
66,192.89
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments (Gross)...............
25,548.18
23,305.78

Notes

*** Number of shares - 2026: 14,84,21,21,80,96,97,50,51,09,28,25,43,523 (2025: 50,56,67,23,69,88,84,56,43,097)

NA face value not applicable

*
Denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000

Current investments
Rupees crores
Particulars
Quoted
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Investments in Mutual Funds ........................................................................................................................................................................................................
13,086.76
10,756.43
13,086.76
10,756.43
Investments in Equity Instruments.............................................................................................................................................................................................
0.01
Investments in Debentures and Bonds....................................................................................................................................................................................
1,057.29
1,677.81
Investments in Government securities ...................................................................................................................................................................................
10.33
10.29
1,067.63
1,688.11
14,154.39
12,444.54
Unquoted
Mandatorily measured at FVTOCI
Investments in Commercial Papers ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
-
97.68
Investments in Certificate of Deposits ...................................................................................................................................................................................
170.16
197.23
170.16
294.91
Investments in Corporate Fixed Deposits .............................................................................................................................................................................
160.00
350.00
160.00
350.00
330.16
644.91
Total Current Investments............................................................................................................................................................................................................
14,484.55
13,089.45
Other Disclosures
Aggregate amount of quoted investments (Gross)............................................................................................................................................
14,154.39
12,444.54

Market Value of quoted investments...........................................................................................................................................................................
14,154.39
12,444.54
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments (Gross)......................................................................................................................................
330.16
644.91

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
9.
Loans
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non-Current
Current
Loans to related parties (refer note 41)
Secured considered good ................................................................................................................
25.00
-
75.00
-
Unsecured considered good............................................................................................................
283.00
2,422.37
2,069.91
1,168.30
Credit impaired ........................................................................................................................................
-
1.50
4.59
44.78
308.00
2,423.87
2,149.50
1,213.08
Less: Loss Allowance ..........................................................................................................................
-
1.50
4.59
44.78
Total................................................................................................................................................................
308.00
2,422.37
2,144.91
1,168.30
Other Loans
Unsecured, considered good...........................................................................................................
33.18
3.76
5.61
1.19
Less: Loss Allowance ..........................................................................................................................
-
Total................................................................................................................................................................
33.18
3.76
5.61
1.19
Total Loans................................................................................................................................................
341.18
2,426.13
2,150.52
1,169.49

Other Current and Non Current Loans mainly includes loans to employees and loans given to other companies.

Loans given to employees as per the Company s policy are not considered for the purposes of disclosure under Section 186(4) of the
Companies Act, 2013.
10. Other financial assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non-Current
Current
Measured at amortised cost:
Security deposits ...............................................................................................................................................
50.01
44.24
38.01
34.40
Corporate Fixed Deposits ............................................................................................................................
180.00
50.00
-
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity ..............................................................
3,523.57
8.09
-
Interest accrued on investments, other loans and other financial assets ...............
-
686.52
479.02
Government grant receivable ...................................................................................................................
2,007.63
1,460.95
1,316.60
1,273.15
Others .......................................................................................................................................................................
-
475.53
546.69
Measured at fair value:
Derivative financial assets - foreign currency and commodity derivatives .............
-
13.20
545.49
35.77
Total ..........................................................................................................................................................................
5,761.21
1,576.48
3,062.15
2,369.03

Other financial assets mainly includes receivables for oil royalty income, scrap sales and other recoverable expenses.
11. Other assets (non financial)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non-Current
Current
Capital advances..................................................................................................................................................
1,156.15
574.99
-
Balances with government authorities (other than current taxes) ...............................
164.38
176.72
2,824.27
3,273.51
Other advances ..................................................................................................................................................
346.40
249.97
1,398.36
912.96
Total ...........................................................................................................................................................................
1,666.93
1,001.68
4,222.63
4,186.47

Other advances include advances to suppliers, prepaid expenses, other recoverable expenses, and contract assets.
12. Inventories
Rupees crores
Particulars
Raw materials and bought-out components [includes in transit Rs. 225.57 crores; 2025 : Rs. 301.46 crores] ................
4,726.38
4,117.16
Work-in-Progress.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
213.09
228.18
Finished goods produced .................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,320.23
4,028.54
Stock-in-Trade ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
993.73
954.54
Manufactured Components.............................................................................................................................................................................................................
681.87
709.66
Stores and Spares..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
276.20
209.11
Loose tools ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
94.36
86.15
Total ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
10,305.86
10,333.34

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year is Rs. 1,20,963.85 crores (2025 : Rs. 96,261.49 crores).

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year includes Rs. 209.78 crores (2025 : Rs. 478.57 crores) in respect of write-down
of inventories to net realisable value, and has been reduced by Rs. 271.79 crores (2025 : Rs. 231.01 crores) in respect of the reversal of such
write downs. Reversal in provision is due to sale and/or consumption of inventories provided for in earlier years.

Method of valuation of inventories is stated in Note 2(h).
13. Trade receivables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Unsecured, considered good...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,485.75
5,725.57
Credit impaired.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
288.59
286.61
6,774.34
6,012.18
Less : Loss Allowance [(refer note 40 (b)(ii)] .....................................................................................................................................................................
288.59
286.61
Total ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,485.75
5,725.57

Ageing of trade receivables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Not due
Less than
More than
Total
Undisputed trade receivables - considered good ................
4,282.97
1,771.85
396.96
23.25
6.02
4.70
6,485.75
Undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired ....................
-
19.35
8.04
29.29
42.66
80.38
179.72
Disputed trade receivables - credit impaired .........................
-
0.20
2.29
9.91
9.73
86.74
108.87
4,282.97
1,791.40
407.29
62.45
58.41
171.82
6,774.34
Less : Loss Allowance [refer note 40 (b)(ii)] ...........................
(288.59)
Total ...................................................................................................................
6,485.75
Particulars
Not due
Less than
More than
Total
Undisputed trade receivables - considered good ................
2,731.10
2,797.38
101.14
76.57
12.22
7.16
5,725.57
Undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired ....................
-
18.89
20.34
38.88
45.74
65.69
189.54
Disputed trade receivables - credit impaired .........................
-
0.01
2.90
4.31
5.04
84.81
97.07
2,731.10
2,816.28
124.38
119.76
63.00
157.66
6,012.18
Less : Loss Allowance [refer note 40 (b)(ii)] ...........................
(286.61)
Total ...................................................................................................................
5,725.57

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
14. Cash & cash equivalents
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balances with banks
- On Current accounts.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
621.26
386.38
- Fixed deposits with original maturity less than 3 months....................................................................................................................................
45.06
809.22
666.32
1,195.60
Cheques, drafts on hand (including in transit)....................................................................................................................................................................
94.44
68.76
Cash on hand..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.02
0.03
Total ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
760.78
1,264.39
15. Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents
Rupees crores
Particulars
Earmarked balances with banks .................................................................................................................................................................................................
25.29
21.01
Balances with banks on margin accounts ............................................................................................................................................................................
12.18
12.05
Fixed deposits ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17,681.66
9,493.10
Total ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17,719.13
9,526.16
16. Equity share capital
Rupees crores
Particulars
Authorised
27,86,90,00,000 (2025: 27,86,90,00,000) Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each .........................................................................
13,934.50
25,00,000 (2025: 25,00,000) Unclassified Shares of Rs.100 each ................................................................................................................
25.00
150,00,00,000 (2025: 150,00,00,000) Preference Shares of Rs. 10 each .............................................................................................
1,500.00
15,459.50
Issued and Subscribed and Paid-up:
1,24,35,28,831 (2025: 1,24,35,28,831) Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each fully paid up .................................................
621.77
Less
4,14,88,827 (2025: 4,27,45,042) Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each fully paid up issued to M&M ESOP Trust
but not yet allotted to employees ............................................................................................................................................................................................
20.75
21.38
Adjusted Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital....................................................................................................................................
601.02
600.39

Reconciliation of number of Ordinary (Equity) Shares and amount outstanding :
Particulars
of Shares
Rupees
Crores
of Shares
Rupees
Crores
Issued, subscribed and paid-up :
At the beginning of the year.....................................................................................................
124,35,28,831
621.77
124,35,28,831
621.77
Less: Shares issued to M&M ESOP Trust but not allotted to employees......
4,14,88,827
20.75
4,27,45,042
21.38
Adjusted issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital ....................................
120,20,40,004
601.02
120,07,83,789
600.39

The Ordinary (Equity) Shares of the Company rank pari-passu in all respects including voting rights and entitlement to dividend.

Details of Ordinary (Equity) Shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up shares of
the Company
16. Equity share capital (contd.)
Name of the Shareholder
of Shares
Shareholding
%
of Shares
Shareholding
%
Prudential Management and Services Private Limited................................................
13,22,21,940
10.63
13,22,21,940
10.63
M&M Benefit Trust ...............................................................................................................................
8,44,70,428
6.79
8,44,70,428
6.79
Life Insurance Corporation of India ..........................................................................................
7,82,69,976
6.29
8,84,69,169
7.11

Details of Ordinary (Equity) Shares held by Promoters and Promoter group :
Name of the Promoters
of Shares
Shareholding
%
% Change
of Shares
Shareholding
%
% Change
Promoters
Anand Mahindra .....................................................................
14,30,008
0.11%
0.00%
14,30,008
0.11%
0.00%
Sub Total (A) ..........................................................................
14,30,008
0.11%
14,30,008
0.11%
Promoter Group
Prudential Management and Services Private
limited.............................................................................................
13,22,21,940
10.63%
0.00%
13,22,21,940
10.63%
0.00%
M&M Benefit Trust.................................................................
8,44,70,428
6.79%
0.00%
8,44,70,428
6.79%
0.00%
Leena S Labroo........................................................................
15,61,166
0.13%
0.00%
15,61,166
0.13%
0.00%
Uma R Malhotra......................................................................
15,50,164
0.12%
0.00%
15,50,164
0.12%
0.00%
Yuthica Mahindra Family Trust......................................
9,92,638
0.08%
0.00%
9,92,638
0.08%
0.00%
Kema Services International Private Limited......
7,34,832
0.06%
0.00%
7,34,832
0.06%
0.00%
Yuthica Keshub Mahindra..................................................
6,44,744
0.05%
0.00%
6,44,744
0.05%
0.00%
Anuradha Mahindra................................................................
4,57,090
0.04%
0.00%
4,57,090
0.04%
0.00%
Chetan Varde.............................................................................
3,74,800
0.03%
0.00%
3,74,800
0.03%
0.00%
Sanjay Labroo............................................................................
2,89,440
0.02%
0.00%
2,89,440
0.02%
0.00%
Anjali K Mahindra....................................................................
1,72,962
0.01%
0.00%
1,72,962
0.01%
-0.01%
Nisheeta Labroo.......................................................................
1,70,500
0.01%
0.00%
1,70,500
0.01%
0.00%
Aneesha Labroo.......................................................................
1,70,000
0.01%
0.00%
1,70,000
0.01%
0.00%
Radhika Nath.............................................................................
93,616
0.01%
0.00%
93,616
0.01%
0.00%
Deepak Varde............................................................................
88,720
0.01%
0.00%
88,720
0.01%
0.00%
Marthand Singh Mahindra.................................................
70,000
0.01%
0.00%
70,000
0.01%
0.00%
Dhruv S Sharma......................................................................
30,000
0.00%
30,000
0.00%
Deveshwar Jagat Sharma.................................................
30,000
0.00%
30,000
0.00%
Kabir Malhotra..........................................................................
10,000
0.00%
10,000
0.00%
Anjali Malhotra..........................................................................
10,000
0.00%
10,000
0.00%
Gautam P Khandelwal...........................................................
4,600
0.00%
4,600
0.00%
Anuja P Sharma.......................................................................
-
0.00%
1,350
0.00%
Sub Total (B) ..........................................................................
22,41,47,640
18.03%
22,41,48,990
18.03%
Total (A+B) ...............................................................................
22,55,77,648
18.14%
22,55,78,998
18.14%

For the period of preceding five years as on the Balance Sheet date, Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital includes:

During the year ended 31st March, 2023, aggregate of 3,36,287 Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each allotted as fully paid-up pursuant to Scheme
of Arrangement without payment being received in cash.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
17. Details of proposed dividend
Rupees crores
Particulars
Proposed dividend per Equity Share (Rupees) ................................................................................................................................................................
33.00
25.30
Proposed dividend on Equity Shares (Rupees crores) ................................................................................................................................................
4,103.65
3,146.13
Total ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,103.65
3,146.13
18. Borrowings

Non-Current
Rupees crores
Particulars
Long term borrowings (measured at amortised cost)
Unsecured
Debentures...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
500.00
974.76
Other loans..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
26.54
81.14
Total.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
526.54
1,055.90

Notes

Debentures include
Rupees crores
Particulars
- 9.55 % p.a. Senior Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures maturing in July 2063 ..............................
500.00
- 7.57 % p.a. Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures maturing in September 2026 ..............................
-
475.00
Less: Unamortised finance cost .............................................................................................................................................................
-
0.24
500.00
974.76

Other loans comprise of deferred sales tax loans which are interest free and repayable in five equal instalments after ten years from the year
of availment of the respective loan.

Current
Rupees crores
Particulars
Current maturities of long term borrowings (measured at amortised cost)
Unsecured
Debentures ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
474.95
-
Deferred sales tax loan / Others ....................................................................................................................................................................................
54.60
79.15
Total......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
529.55
79.15

The Company has also availed working capital facilities and other non-fund based facilities viz. bank guarantees and letters of credit, which are
secured by hypothecation of certain current assets.

Reconciliation of movement in borrowings and lease liabilities to cash flows from financing activities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening balance

- Long Term Borrowings..............................................................................................................................................................................................
1,055.90
1,134.86

- Non current lease liabilities .................................................................................................................................................................................
390.49
337.47

- Short term borrowings ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
79.15
450.03

- Current lease liabilities ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
156.25
128.30

- Unclaimed matured deposits ..............................................................................................................................................................................
0.01
Total Opening balance ........................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,681.80
2,050.67
Cash flow movements

- Repayment of borrowings......................................................................................................................................................................................
(79.15)
(450.03)

- Repayment of lease liabilities..............................................................................................................................................................................
(198.42)
(167.06)
(277.57)
(617.09)
Non-cash movements

- Additions to lease liabilities (includes interest thereon)...................................................................................................................
269.96
281.37

- Deletions in lease liabilities...................................................................................................................................................................................
(20.91)
(33.34)

- Effect of amortisation of loan origination costs....................................................................................................................................
0.19
249.24
248.22
Closing balance

- Long term borrowings .............................................................................................................................................................................................
526.54
1,055.90

- Non current lease liabilities .................................................................................................................................................................................
411.73
390.49

- Short term borrowings.............................................................................................................................................................................................
529.55
79.15

- Current lease liabilities ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
185.64
156.25

- Unclaimed matured deposits................................................................................................................................................................................
0.01
Total Closing Balance............................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,653.47
1,681.80
19. Other financial liabilities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non-Current
Current
Measured at Amortised Cost
Interest accrued and not due on borrowings.................................................................................
-
20.23
20.56
Unclaimed dividends.........................................................................................................................................
-
25.29
21.01
Unclaimed matured deposits and interest accrued thereon...............................................
-
0.01
Security deposits................................................................................................................................................
91.46
91.16
-
Other liabilities ...................................................................................................................................................
351.38
436.71
1,887.83
1,748.53
Measured at Fair Value
Derivative financial liabilities-foreign currency and commodity derivatives ...........
-
204.85
89.59
Derivatives on interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures ........................
85.92
82.32
-
Total ..........................................................................................................................................................................
528.76
610.19
2,138.21
1,879.70

Other liabilities include salaries and wages payable, capital creditors, monies adjusted from share capital and other equity on account of shares held by
M&M ESOP Trust pending transfer to the eligible employees.
18. Borrowings (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
20. Provisions
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non-Current
Current
Provision for employee benefits................................................................................................................
823.14
666.22
157.08
130.67
Provision for warranties .................................................................................................................................
909.94
713.41
597.87
523.45
Provision for service coupons ....................................................................................................................
56.19
46.11
224.66
189.03
Provision for Extended Producer Responsibility ..........................................................................
10.74
-
Total ............................................................................................................................................................................
1,800.01
1,425.74
979.61
843.15

Provision for employee benefits includes gratuity, provident fund, post retirement benefits, compensated absences, etc. (refer note 37)

Provision for warranties and service coupons relates to provision made in respect of sale of certain products and components, the estimated cost of
which is accrued at the time of sale. The products are generally covered under a free warranty period ranging from 1 to 15 years.

The Company has made provision towards environmental compensation for batteries deployed in the market through the sale of electric vehicles. This
provision has been calculated in accordance with the Guidelines for Environment Compensation (EC) under the Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022,
as amended.

The movement in provision for warranties, service coupons and extended producer responsibility are as follows :
Rupees crores
Particulars
Warranty
Service coupons
Extended Producer
Responsibility
Opening balance
.................................................................................................
1,236.86
1,010.76
235.14
179.84
-
Additional net provisions recognised during the year .......................
777.87
689.49
268.23
239.95
10.74
-
Amounts utilised during the year......................................................................
(579.74)
(529.63)
(235.57)
(195.85)
-
Unwinding of discount................................................................................................
72.82
66.24
13.05
11.20
-
Closing balance
.................................................................................................
1,507.81
1,236.86
280.85
235.14
10.74
-
21. Income taxes

Income Tax recognised in profit or loss
Rupees crores
Particulars
Current tax
In respect of current year................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,171.10
3,669.01
In respect of prior years....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
9.10
Total current tax expense .........................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,171.10
3,678.11
Deferred tax
In respect of current year origination and reversal of temporary differences..........................................................................................
(185.82)
110.90
Effect of utilisation of deferred tax on capital losses ...............................................................................................................................................
-
19.75
In respect of prior years....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
(13.60)
Total deferred tax expense / (income) ...........................................................................................................................................................................
(185.82)
117.05
Total income tax expense ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,985.28
3,795.16

Income tax recognised in Other Comprehensive Income

Rupees crores
Particulars
Deferred tax related to items recognised in other comprehensive income during the year:
Effective portion of gains and losses on designated portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge......................
6.24
0.21
Net fair value (loss) / gain on investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI................................................................................................
2.48
(3.43)
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans.............................................................................................................................................................................
17.31
20.51
Total deferred tax income / (expense) ...........................................................................................................................................................................
26.03
17.29

The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at tax rate to income tax expense reported in Statement of profit and loss is as
follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Profit before tax......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
20,624.21
15,650.12
Applicable Income tax rate..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
25.168%
Expected income tax expense......................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,190.70
3,938.82
Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to reported income tax expense:
Effect of income exempt from tax / non taxable on compliance of conditions.......................................................................................
(499.58)
(504.07)
Effect of tax on deemed income ...............................................................................................................................................................................................
219.27
-
Effect of utilisation of tax losses ..............................................................................................................................................................................................
(182.48)
(72.94)
Effect of expenses / provisions not deductible in determining taxable profit...........................................................................................
251.48
428.14
Effect of net (reversal) of provision in respect of prior years .............................................................................................................................
-
(4.50)
Others.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5.89
9.71
Income tax expense recognised in statement of profit and loss ............................................................................................................
4,985.28
3,795.16

Amounts on which deferred tax asset has not been created and related expiry period

Unused tax losses - capital in nature
Rupees crores
Expiry Period
Three to Five Years ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,672.96
-
More than five years............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
667.62
2,672.96
21. Income taxes (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Deferred tax Assets / (Liabilities) (Net)

The amount of the deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised in the Balance Sheet are as below
Rupees crores
Particulars
01-04-2025
Recognised in
Profit or Loss
Recognised
in OCI/
Reclassified
31-03-2026
Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets..........................................
2,009.86
65.68
-
2,075.54
Others................................................................................................................................................
262.59
116.42
(8.72)
370.29
2,272.45
182.10
(8.72)
2,445.83
Provision for employee benefits.....................................................................................
278.18
69.26
17.31
364.75
Allowances for expected credit losses .....................................................................
96.36
(2.23)
-
94.13
Others................................................................................................................................................
235.03
300.89
-
535.92
609.57
367.92
17.31
994.80
Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities) (net) ...............................................................
(b)-(a)
(1,662.88)
185.82
26.03
(1,451.03)
Rupees crores
Particulars
01-04-2024
Recognised in
Profit or Loss
Recognised
in OCI /
Reclassified
31-03-2025
Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets.............................................
1,923.55
86.31
-
2,009.86
Others...................................................................................................................................................
188.06
74.53
-
262.59
2,111.61
160.84
-
2,272.45
Provision for employee benefits........................................................................................
251.61
6.06
20.51
278.18
Allowances for credit losses ...............................................................................................
83.46
12.90
-
96.36
Carried forward tax losses ...................................................................................................
19.75
(19.75)
-
Others...................................................................................................................................................
193.67
44.58
(3.22)
235.03
548.49
43.79
17.29
609.57
Net deferred tax (liabilities) / assets (net) ..........................................................................
(b)-(a)
(1,563.12)
(117.05)
17.29
(1,662.88)

Pillar Two Income Taxes

The OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework has introduced Pillar Two, which establishes a global minimum effective tax rate of 15% for multinational enterprise
groups with consolidated revenues exceeding EUR 750 million. The Pillar Two framework is implemented through the Income Inclusion Rule (IIR),
Undertaxed Profits Rule (UTPR) and Qualified Domestic Minimum Top up Tax (QDMTT) and is applicable from 1st January, 2024 or later, subject to
enactment in relevant jurisdictions.

Based on an assessment of consolidated revenues, the Group falls within the scope of Pillar Two. In accordance with the amendments to Ind AS 12 -
Income Taxes, the Group has applied the mandatory temporary exception from recognising and disclosing deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from
the implementation of the Pillar Two rules. Accordingly, no deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recognised in respect of Pillar Two. Any tax arising
under these rules will be recognised as current tax expense in the period in which the liability is incurred.

The Group operates across multiple tax jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates and tax regimes, including incentives and exemptions, which may
result in effective tax rates being close to or below the minimum threshold in certain jurisdictions. The Group has performed a preliminary assessment
of its potential exposure and has evaluated the availability of QDMTT and transitional safe harbour provisions, where applicable.

As at the reporting date, no material Pillar Two top up tax liability has been recognised. The Group will continue to evaluate the impact of the GloBE
rules and will recognise any resulting tax obligations in future periods as the assessments are finalised and obligations crystallised.
21. Income taxes (contd.)
22. Other non financial liabilities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non-Current
Current
Statutory dues (other than income taxes)........................................................................................
-
2,980.14
3,621.37
Contract Liabilities...............................................................................................................................................
1,121.95
838.82
2,973.24
1,238.83
Others...........................................................................................................................................................................
-
382.00
292.20
Total ............................................................................................................................................................................
1,121.95
838.82
6,335.38
5,152.40

Contract liabilities are expected to be recognised in revenue over a period of 5 years.

Others mainly include salary deductions and TDS payable.

There are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to the Investor Education and Protection Fund.
23. Trade payables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises.................................................................................................................
533.19
536.38
Total outstanding dues other than micro enterprises and small enterprises
- Trade payable.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
26,727.27
21,499.88
- Acceptances............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,239.44
1,369.51
28,966.71
22,869.39
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
29,499.90
23,405.77

Some of our suppliers elect to factor some of their receivables from the Company with financial institutions. In such cases, the Company provides
suppliers and/or banks with visibility of invoices approved for payment, which helps them receive cash from the bank before the invoice due date, if they
choose to do so. Payment dates and terms for the Company do not vary based on whether the supplier chooses to factor their receivable.
Rupees crores
Particulars
The carrying amounts of the financial liabilities that are part of a supplier finance arrangement

Presented within trade payable as Acceptances ..........................................................................................................................................................................
2,239.44

For which suppliers have already received payment from finance providers .............................................................................................................
2,239.44
Range of payment due dates

Trade payables that are part of a supplier finance arrangement .......................................................................................................................................
7-90 Days

Trade payables that are not part of a supplier finance arrangement .............................................................................................................................
7-90 Days

Micro and Small enterprises have been identified by the Company on the basis of the information available. Total outstanding dues of Micro and
Small enterprises, which are outstanding for more than the stipulated period and other disclosures as per the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Act, 2006 (hereinafter referred to as the MSMED Act ) are given below :
Rupees crores
Particulars
Dues remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year for micro and small enterprises

- Principal........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3.08
12.36

- Interest on the above.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.03
1.21
Interest paid in terms of Section 16 of the MSMED Act along with the amount of payment made to the
supplier beyond the appointed day during the year

- Principal paid beyond the appointed date...........................................................................................................................................................
382.37
499.24

- Interest paid in terms of Section 16 of the MSMED Act..........................................................................................................................
0.75
1.42
Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay on payments made beyond the appointed day
during the year...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1.55
1.89
Further interest due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as
above are actually paid to the small enterprises ............................................................................................................................................
4.93
2.58
Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid...........................................................................................................................................
6.51
5.68

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Ageing of trade payables
Rupees crores
Particulars

Not due
Less than
More than
Total
Trade Payables
MSME................................................................................................................
530.11
3.08
-
533.19
Others..............................................................................................................
19,739.38
813.96
9.82
7.99
20.50
20,591.65
Disputed dues - Others.......................................................................
-
1.76
20,269.49
817.04
9.82
7.99
22.26
21,126.60
Accrued Expenses...................................................................................
8,373.30
Net trade payables..............................................................................
20,269.49
817.04
9.82
7.99
22.26
29,499.90
Rupees crores
Particulars

Not due
Less than
More than
Total
Trade Payables
MSME................................................................................................................
524.02
12.36
-
536.38
Others..............................................................................................................
16,322.32
580.28
53.27
19.26
8.28
16,983.41
Disputed dues - Others.......................................................................
-
1.76
16,846.34
592.64
53.27
19.26
10.04
17,521.55
Accrued Expenses...................................................................................
5,884.22
Net trade payables.................................................................................
16,846.34
592.64
53.27
19.26
10.04
23,405.77
24. Revenue from operations
Rupees crores
Particulars
From contract with customers (as defined under Ind AS 115)

Sale of products.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,40,581.95
1,12,056.86

Sale of services...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,425.05
2,046.03

Other operating revenue^....................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,146.05
1,007.95
1,44,153.05
1,15,110.84
Operating revenue from other sources

- Government grant and incentives..............................................................................................................................................................................
1,371.44
1,287.60

- Others............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
51.28
85.24
1,422.72
1,372.84
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,45,575.77
1,16,483.68

^ Other operating revenue mainly includes income from oil royalty and scrap sales.

Revenue disaggregation as per nature of products and services and geography has been included in segment information (refer note 44).
23. Trade payables (contd.)

The following table includes revenue expected to be recognised in future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied)
at the reporting date:
Rupees crores
Time Band
Less than 1 year ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
457.11
227.83
Greater than 1 year but less than 5 years ........................................................................................................................................................................
1,121.95
838.82
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,579.06
1,066.65

Reconciliation of revenue recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with contracted price
Rupees crores
Particulars
Revenue from contract with customers as per the contract price .................................................................................................................
1,48,930.69
1,18,826.40
Trade discounts, volume rebates, returns, etc. .................................................................................................................................................................
(5,817.89)
(4,547.74)
Deferment of revenue .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(90.40)
(99.31)
Recognition of revenue out of opening balance of contract liabilities ..........................................................................................................
1,130.65
931.49
Revenue from contract with customers as per the Statement of Profit and Loss .................................................................
1,44,153.05
1,15,110.84
25. Income from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
Rupees crores
Particulars
Dividend income..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,769.07
1,821.35
Interest income on loans given........................................................................................................................................................................................
212.31
201.31
Gains on derivatives on interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures............................................................................
0.08
5.00
Profit on sale of investments............................................................................................................................................................................................
208.12
113.19
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,189.58
2,140.85
26. Other income
Rupees crores
Particulars
Interest Income

On financial assets measured at Amortised Cost...............................................................................................................................................
1,254.56
828.22

On financial assets at FVTOCI...........................................................................................................................................................................................
105.41
117.16
Dividend income on investments classified as financial assets
2.40
3.45
Net gain arising on financial assets / liabilities measured at FVTPL....................................................................................................
1,088.33
203.28
Other non operating income (net of directly attributable expenses) #.............................................................................................
324.24
559.76
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,774.94
1,711.87

#
includes gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, rent income, etc.
24. Revenue from operations (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
27. Cost of materials consumed
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening inventories..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,117.16
3,560.89
Purchases.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,05,392.72
82,378.50
1,09,509.88
85,939.39
Less: Closing inventories....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,726.38
4,117.16
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,04,783.50
81,822.23
28. Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening inventories
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,028.54
4,251.97
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
228.18
255.84
Stock-in-trade............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
954.54
841.85
Manufactured components..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
709.66
505.72
5,920.92
5,855.38
Less: Closing inventories
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,320.23
4,028.54
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
213.09
228.18
Stock-in-trade............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
993.73
954.54
Manufactured components..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
681.87
709.66
5,208.92
5,920.92
Net decrease/ (increase) in inventories ..........................................................................................................................................................................
712.00
(65.54)
29. Employee benefits expense
Rupees crores
Particulars
Salaries and wages, including bonus............................................................................................................................................................................
4,227.97
4,100.60
Contribution to provident and other funds.............................................................................................................................................................
340.48
283.99
Equity settled share based payments (refer note 38)....................................................................................................................................
297.91
105.87
Staff welfare expenses...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
423.93
391.02
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,290.29
4,881.48
30. Finance costs
Rupees crores
Particulars
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost....................................................................................................
106.68
107.81
Less: Amounts included in the cost of qualifying assets................................................................................................................................
(83.95)
(86.63)
Interest on lease liabilities ..................................................................................................................................................................................................
48.22
44.94
70.95
66.12
Other borrowing costs.............................................................................................................................................................................................................
178.63
184.35
Total.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
249.58
250.47

Other borrowing costs include discounting charges and unwinding of interest on other liabilities/provisions.

The weighted average capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is 7.90% p.a. (2025 : 7.24% p.a.)
31. Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense
Rupees crores
Particulars
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment.................................................................................................................................................................
2,332.19
2,199.17
Depreciation of right-of-use assets............................................................................................................................................................................................
186.77
165.48
Amortisation of intangible assets................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,639.31
1,551.66
Impairment of capital work in progress, intangible assets and intangible assets under development.....................................
134.41
310.47
Total.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,292.68
4,226.78
32. Loss from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
Rupees crores
Particulars
Impairment of investments*.................................................................................................................................................................................................
668.37
775.84
Loss on derivatives on interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures................................................................................
3.60
72.07
Loss on sale of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures..........................................................................................................................
5.34
-
Total.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
677.31
847.91

*
Includes Impairment of Inter-corporate deposits Nil (2025: Rs. 40.18 crores).

Impairment loss on certain investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures has been recognised considering the performance of these companies
and their future projections.

The Company has long-term investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures which are measured at cost less impairment or at fair value through
profit or loss. The management assesses the performance of these entities including the future projections, relevant economic and market conditions in
which they operate to identify if there is any indicator of impairment in the carrying value of the investments. In case indicators of impairment exist, the
impairment loss is measured by estimating the recoverable amounts based on the higher of (i) fair value less cost of disposal determined using market
price information, where available, and (ii) value-in-use estimates determined using discounted cash flow projections or such other valuation models,
where available. The recoverable amount estimates are based on judgments, estimates, assumptions and market data as on reporting date and ignore
subsequent changes in the economic and market conditions.

During the year ended 31st March 2026, the performance of certain subsidiaries along with capital allocation decisions, coupled with the relevant
economic and market indicators resulted in indicators of impairment in respect of certain entities. Accordingly, the Company determined the recoverable
amounts of these entities and recorded a provision of Rs. 668.37 crores (2025: Rs.735.66 crores) for the year ended 31st March 2026.
33. Other Expenses
Rupees crores
Particulars
Stores consumed....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
385.66
317.27
Tools consumed.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
94.97
86.96
Power and fuel.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
515.08
432.39
Freight outward.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,278.37
1,086.47
Repairs and maintenance..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
505.68
491.61
Advertisements........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
553.93
623.34
Sales promotion expenses...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
367.70
340.44
Travelling and conveyance expense..........................................................................................................................................................................................
282.72
256.95
Legal and professional charges [refer note (a)]................................................................................................................................................................
700.59
582.32
CSR expenditure (refer note 34)................................................................................................................................................................................................
220.14
152.36
Hire and service charges...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,174.67
1,749.02
Miscellaneous expenses [refer note (b), (c), (d) & (e)]..................................................................................................................................................
1,462.53
2,020.42
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,542.04
8,139.55

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
33. Other Expenses (contd.)

Notes

Auditors remuneration (net of taxes, where applicable) included in legal and professional charges are as below :
Rupees crores
Particulars
Statutory Auditors
Audit Fees (including quarterly limited reviews)...................................................................................................................................................
7.47
7.20
Other Services...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.24
0.35
Reimbursement of expenses...............................................................................................................................................................................................
0.20
Total.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
7.91
7.75
Cost Auditors
Audit Fees.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.10
Total.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.10

Includes Foreign exchange gain recognised during the year - Rs. 155.76 crores (2025 : loss of Rs. 37.83 crores).

Includes Commodities derivatives gain recognised during the year - Rs. 589.47 crores (2025 : gain of Rs. 2.17 crores).

Includes Short term lease expenses recognised during the year - Rs. 76.28 crores (2025 : Rs. 61.08 crores).

Includes donation/contribution to political parties:

Bhartiya Janata Party
Nil (2025 : Rs.78.00 crores)

Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray)
Nil (2025 : Rs. 5.00 crores)

All India Congress Committee
Nil (2025 : Rs. 5.00 crores)
34. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

As per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company is required to spend 2% of its average net profit of the immediately three preceding
financial years on CSR.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year based on 2% of average net profits..........
219.72
152.23
Amount spent during the year on:

i)
Construction/ acquisition of assets held by the Company.................................................................................................................
-

ii)
On purposes other than above............................................................................................................................................................................
210.56
152.36
Unspent amount at the end of the year...................................................................................................................................................................
9.58
-

Unspent amount as per section 135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening balance.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
Amount required to be spent during the year...................................................................................................................................................................
219.72
152.23
Amount spent during the year......................................................................................................................................................................................................
210.56
152.36
Amount required to be transferred to unspent bank account related to ongoing project................................................................
9.58
-
Closing Balance.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
9.58
-

In alignment to the core purpose and CSR vision, your Company continued to focus on investing in sustainable flagship projects in the domain of Girl
Child Education, Women Empowerment, Maternity and Newborn Care, and Water conservation. Across all flagship projects, the Company has ensured that
majority of beneficiaries are girls and women. Apart from investing in flagship initiatives, your Company has also given emphasis towards working closely
with stakeholders/local communities to support local need-based projects in the vicinity of business locations.

Amount recognised as expense in profit or loss is Rs. 220.14 crores (2025: Rs. 152.36 crores).
35. Exceptional Items

On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the
Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively new Labour Codes ) - consolidating
29 existing labour laws.

Accordingly, the Company has recognised the incremental impact on retiral benefits aggregating to Rs. 98.19 crores and presented the same under
Exceptional items in the statement of Profit and loss for the year ended 31st March, 2026. The Company continues to monitor developments on the
Rules to be notified by regulatory authorities, including clarifications/ additional guidance from authorities and will continue to assess the accounting
implications, basis such developments/ guidance.
36. Earning Per Share (EPS)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Profit for the year for basic EPS (Rupees crores)..................................................................................................................................................
15,638.93
11,854.96
Profit for the year for diluted EPS (Rupees crores).............................................................................................................................................
15,638.93
11,854.96
Weighted average number of Ordinary (Equity) Shares used in computing basic EPS................................................................
1,20,13,30,127
1,19,99,40,627
Effect of dilutive potential Ordinary (Equity) Shares............................................................................................................................................
38,82,434
42,53,965
Weighted average number of Ordinary (Equity) Shares used in computing diluted EPS............................................................
1,20,52,12,561
1,20,41,94,592
Basic Earnings per share (Rs.) (Face value of Rs. 5 per share).....................................................................................................................
130.18
98.80
Diluted Earnings per share (Rs.)..........................................................................................................................................................................................
129.76
98.45
37. Employee Benefits

General description of defined benefit plans:

Gratuity

The Company operates a gratuity plan covering qualifying employees. The benefit payable is the greater of the amount calculated as per
the Code on Social Security, 2020 or the Company scheme applicable to the employees. The benefit vests upon completion of 5 years of
continuous service except in case of Fixed term employment, where the benefit vests upon completion of one year of continuous service.
Once vested, gratuity is payable to the employees on retirement or on termination of employment. In case of death while in service, the
gratuity is payable irrespective of vesting. The Company makes annual contribution to the group gratuity scheme administered by the Life
Insurance Corporation of India through its Gratuity Trust Fund.

Post - retirement medical

The Company provides post retirement medical cover to select grade of employees to cover the retiring employee and their spouse upto a
specified age through mediclaim policy on which the premiums are paid by the Company. The eligibility of the employee for the benefit as well
as the amount of medical cover purchased is determined by the grade of the employee at the time of retirement.

(iii) Post - retirement housing allowance

The Company operates a post retirement benefit scheme for a certain grade of employees in which a monthly allowance determined on the
basis of the last drawn basic salary at the time of retirement, is paid to the retiring employee in lieu of housing.

Risk exposure

Though its defined benefit plans the Company is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which are detailed below:

Asset volatility

The plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with references to government bond yields; if plan assets underperform compared to this
yield, this will create or increase a deficit. The defined benefit plans may hold equity type assets, which may carry volatility and associated risk.

Changes in bond yields

A decrease in government bond yields will increase plan liabilities, although this is expected to be partially offset by an increase in the value
of the plan s investment in debt instruments.

(iii) Inflation risk

The present value of some of the defined benefit plan obligations are calculated with reference to the future salaries of plan participants.
As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan s liability. The post retirement medical benefit obligation is
sensitive to medical inflation and accordingly, an increase in medical inflation rate would increase the plan s liability.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
37. Employee Benefits (contd.)

Risk exposure (contd.)

(iv) Life expectancy

The present value of defined benefit plan obligation is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants, both
during and after the employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan s liability.

Details of defined benefit plans as per actuarial valuation are as below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Funded Plan
Unfunded Plans
Gratuity
benefits
Post retirement
Amounts recognised in profit or loss
Current service cost................................................................................
90.93
77.75
0.43
0.45
3.13
2.51
Past service cost........................................................................................
98.51
-
Net interest expense/(income).........................................................
(1.66)
(5.46)
1.86
1.89
8.31
8.06
Total amount included in employee benefits expense .......
187.78
72.29
2.29
2.34
11.44
10.57
(ii) Amounts recognised in other comprehensive
Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
a) Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in -

- demographic assumptions.......................................................
-
(2.22)
-
(0.06)
-

- financial assumptions.................................................................
13.38
21.41
0.20
0.46
1.82
3.30

- experience adjustments...........................................................
13.48
(15.78)
(3.15)
(0.12)
4.21
3.18
b) Return on plan assets, excluding amount included
in net interest expense/(income)...........................................
(26.23)
(5.73)
-
Total amount recognised in other comprehensive
income...............................................................................................................
0.63
(2.32)
(2.95)
0.28
6.03
6.48
(iii) Changes in the defined benefit obligation
Opening defined benefit obligation...............................................
1,034.31
968.95
28.23
27.47
124.71
116.29
Additions/(Deletions) through inter company
transfers...........................................................................................................
0.58
(0.77)
-
Current service cost................................................................................
90.93
77.75
0.43
0.45
3.13
2.51
Past service cost........................................................................................
98.51
-
Interest expense.........................................................................................
68.39
63.54
1.86
1.89
8.31
8.06
Remeasurements (gains)/losses arising from changes in -
- demographic assumptions.............................................................
-
(2.22)
-
(0.06)
-
- financial assumptions........................................................................
13.38
21.41
0.20
0.46
1.82
3.30
- experience adjustments..................................................................
13.48
(15.78)
(3.15)
(0.12)
4.21
3.18
Benefits paid.................................................................................................
(94.49)
(78.57)
(1.80)
(1.86)
(8.63)
Closing defined benefit obligation.................................................
1,225.09
1,034.31
25.77
28.23
133.55
124.71
(iv) Changes in fair value of plan assets
Opening fair value of plan assets..................................................
1,062.78
1,000.79
-
Interest income...........................................................................................
70.05
69.00
-
Return on plan assets excluding interest income.............
26.23
5.73
-
Contribution by employer....................................................................
119.87
65.83
-
Benefits paid.................................................................................................
(94.49)
(78.57)
-
Closing fair value of plan assets....................................................
1,184.44
1,062.78
-
Rupees crores
Particulars
Funded Plan
Unfunded Plans
Gratuity
benefits
Post retirement
(v) Net defined benefit obligation
Defined benefit obligation...................................................................
1,225.09
1,034.31
25.77
28.23
133.55
124.71
Fair value of plan assets......................................................................
1,184.44
1,062.78
-
Surplus/(Deficit)..........................................................................................
(40.65)
28.47
(25.77)
(28.23)
(133.55)
(124.71)
Current portion of the above...........................................................
-
(2.52)
(2.51)
(8.63)
Non current portion of the above.................................................
(40.65)
28.47
(23.25)
(25.72)
(124.92)
(116.08)
Rupees crores
Particulars
(vi) Actuarial assumptions
Discount rate (%)..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
6.75%
6.90%
Attrition rate (%)...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
12.50%
Cost inflation (%)...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
7 - 9%
(vii) Quantitative sensitivity analysis for impact of significant assumptions on defined benefit
obligation are as below:
One percentage point increase in discount rate.........................................................................................................................................
(96.40)
(79.69)
One percentage point decrease in discount rate.......................................................................................................................................
111.62
91.85
One percentage point increase in salary growth rate............................................................................................................................
89.76
75.71
One percentage point decrease in salary growth rate...........................................................................................................................
(80.25)
(67.80)
One percentage point increase in attrition rate..........................................................................................................................................
(4.55)
(4.93)
One percentage point decrease in attrition rate........................................................................................................................................
4.93
5.33
One percentage point increase in medical inflation rate......................................................................................................................
1.38
1.61
One percentage point decrease in medical inflation rate....................................................................................................................
(1.28)
(1.49)
(viii) Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation
Upto 1 year............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
213.28
186.25
1 to 5 years...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
588.93
513.34
6 to 9 years...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
435.61
393.52
10 years and above.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,432.04
1,180.44

Cost of inflation includes an estimate of medical inflation and future salary increases considered in actuarial valuation takes account of
inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors such as supply and demand in the employment market.

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 7.36 years (2025 : 7.05 years).

The Company expects to contribute Rs. 80.00 crores to the Gratuity Fund in the year ending 31st March, 2027.
37. Employee Benefits (contd.)

Details of defined benefit plans as per actuarial valuation are as below: (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Trust-managed Provident fund
Rupees crores
Particulars
Net defined benefit obligation
Defined benefit obligation.........................................................................................................................................................................................
4,022.03
3,766.63
Fair value of plan assets............................................................................................................................................................................................
3,873.27
3,688.36
Surplus/(Deficit)................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(148.76)
(78.27)
Actuarial assumptions
Discount rate......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6.75%
6.90%
Average remaining tenure of investment portfolio (years)...............................................................................................................
5.88
5.66
Guaranteed rate of returns......................................................................................................................................................................................
8.25%

The Company has recognised an obligation of Rs. 148.76 crores (2025: Rs. 78.27 crores) on account of both, the interest rate guarantee and
remeasurment based on actuarial valuation.

The plan assets have been primarily invested in government securities and corporate bonds.

The Company s contribution to Provident fund and Superannuation fund aggregating Rs. 236.34 crores (2025 : Rs. 211.65 crores) has been
recognised in profit or loss under Employee benefits expense .

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 8.61 years (2025 : 8.76 years).

The Company expects to contribute Rs. 147.04 crores to the Provident fund for the year ending 31st March, 2027.
38. Employee Stock Option Plan

The Company has setup Mahindra & Mahindra Employees Stock Option Trust (M&M ESOP Trust) and allotted certain ordinary shares which IT holds for
the benefit of the employees and issues them to the eligible employees as per the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
(NRC).

Mahindra and Mahindra Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2010 ( 2010 Scheme )

The Company has granted options at an exercise price of Rs. 5.00 which vests in 2 to 5 instalments ranging from 12 to 84 months from the date of
grant. The exercise period of the options ranges from 1 year to 6 years from the date of vesting. Number of vested options exercisable is subject to a
minimum of 50 or number of options vested, whichever is lower.

Summary of stock options
Particulars
No. of stock
Weighted average
exercise price (Rs.)
Options outstanding on 1st April, 2025...............................................................................................................................................
40,38,164
4.97
Options granted during the year..............................................................................................................................................................
23,79,508
5.00
Options forfeited / lapsed during the year.......................................................................................................................................
1,23,569
4.82
Options exercised during the year..........................................................................................................................................................
12,56,215
4.95
Options outstanding on 31st March, 2026........................................................................................................................................
50,37,888
4.99
Options vested but not exercised on 31st March, 2026..........................................................................................................
11,56,180
4.98
37. Employee Benefits (contd.)

Average share price on the date of exercise of the options are as under
Date of exercise
Weighted average
share price (Rs.)
1st April, 2025 to 24th March, 2026................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,438.88

Information in respect of options outstanding as at 31st March, 2026
Range of exercise price
Number of
Weighted average
remaining life
Rs. 2.50*..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
10,093
0.68 years
Rs. 5.00...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
50,27,795
4.05 years
* adjusted for the effect of bonus

The fair values of options granted during the year are as follows:
Grant Date
No. of Years
vesting
Fair value per
option
2nd May, 2025.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 2,831.55
30th July, 2025......................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3,108.00
30th July, 2025......................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3,083.76
3rd November, 2025...........................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3,395.59
10th February, 2026...........................................................................................................................................................................................
2 years
Rs. 3,467.10
10th February, 2026...........................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3,517.93
The fair value has been calculated using the Black Scholes Options Pricing Model and the significant assumptions made in this regard are as follows :
Grant date & Vesting period
Particulars
2nd May, 2025
(5 years
30th July, 2025
30th July, 2025
(5 years
3rd Nov, 2025
10th Feb, 2026
(2 years
10th Feb, 2026
Risk free interest rate............................................
6.01%
5.85%
5.97%
6.00%
6.43%
6.08%
Expected life.................................................................
4.5. Years
3.5. Years
4.5. Years
3.5. Years
5.6. Years
3.5. Years
Expected volatility....................................................
30.02%
27.79%
29.56%
27.73%
30.74%
27.24%
Expected dividend yield...........................................
0.72%
0.79%
0.73%
0.70%
Exercise Price (Rs.)...................................................
5.00
Stock Price (Rs.).........................................................
2,928.80
3,199.40
3,487.20
3,609.60
Stock options granted to employees are accounted in accordance with the requirements of IND AS 102 - Share based payment. Consequently, share
based payment expense recognised in profit or loss after adjusting for reversals on account of options forfeited amounted to Rs. 297.91 crores for
the year ended 31st March, 2026 (2025: Rs.105.87 crores) and included in salaries, wages and bonus, etc. The amount excludes Rs. 26.97 crores
(2025: Rs.15.27 crores) charged to subsidiaries for options issued to/ held by their employees.
38. Employee Stock Option Plan (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
39. Capital Management

The Company s capital management strategy is to effectively determine, raise and deploy capital so as to create value for its shareholders. The same is
done through a mix of either equity and/or preference and/or convertible and/or combination of short term/long term debt as may be appropriate.

The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of its product, capital expenditure, operations and strategic investment plans. The
same is funded through a combination of capital sources be IT either equity and/or preference and/or convertible and/or combination of short term/long
term debt as may be appropriate.

The capital structure is monitored on the basis of net debt to equity and maturity profile of overall debt portfolio of the Company.

Net Debt and Equity is given in the table below :
Rupees crores
Particulars
Total Equity..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
74,325.16
61,585.10
Net Debt

Short term debt......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
529.55
79.15

Long term debt.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
526.54
1,055.90
Gross Debt...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,056.09
1,135.05
Less

Current investments............................................................................................................................................................................................................
14,484.55
13,089.45

Cash and bank balances...................................................................................................................................................................................................
22,003.48
10,798.64
Net Debt....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(35,431.94)
(22,753.04)
Total Capital deployed................................................................................................................................................................................................................
38,893.22
38,832.06
40. Financial instruments

Financial Risk Management Framework

In the course of its business, the Company is exposed to certain financial risks namely credit risk, interest risk, currency risk & liquidity risk. The Company s
primary focus is to achieve better predictability of financial markets and seek to minimize potential adverse effects on its financial performance.

The financial risks are managed in accordance with the Company s risk management policy which has been approved by its Board of Directors.

Market Risk Management

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates etc. could affect the Company s income or the
value of its holdings of financial instruments including cash flow. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk
exposures within acceptable parameters, while maximising the return.

Currency Risk

The Company s exposure to currency risk relates primarily to the Company s operating activities including anticipated sales, purchases and
borrowings where the transactions are denominated in a currency other than the Company s functional currency.

The Company s foreign currency exposures are managed in accordance with its Foreign Exchange Risk Management Policy which has been
approved by its Board of Directors. The Company hedges its foreign currency risk mainly by way of forward covers. Other derivative instruments
may be used if deemed appropriate.

The carrying amounts of the Company s foreign currency exposure at the end of the reporting period are as follows :
Rupees crores
Particulars
US Dollar
Euro
AUD
Others
Total
As at 31st March, 2026
Financial assets....................................................................................................................
2,134.42
16.23
608.71
399.13
3,158.49
Financial liabilities...............................................................................................................
485.44
84.71
87.60
244.95
902.70
As at 31st March, 2025
Financial assets....................................................................................................................
3,051.64
107.94
311.58
532.87
4,004.03
Financial liabilities...............................................................................................................
407.37
115.41
81.13
211.75
815.66

Market Risk Management (contd.)

Hedge Accounting - Forwards

Details of Forward Foreign Currency Contracts outstanding at the end of reporting period
Rupees crores
Outstanding Contracts
Notional value
#
Carrying amount
Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)
Notional value
#
Carrying amount
Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)
Cash Flow Hedges

Sell currency

-
ZAR/INR.................................................................................................
1360.27
(16.84)
1,149.38
(3.39)

-
AUD/INR.................................................................................................
717.50
(28.39)
437.15
11.17

-
BRL/INR.................................................................................................
225.06
(10.79)
62.07
0.76

-
JPY/INR..................................................................................................
-
40.18
0.26

-
847.75
(56.10)
-

Maturing more than 1 year

-
2,026.87
13.20

Total....................................................................................................................
(112.12)
22.00
There are no significant transactions of hedges which are ineffective.
# Notional value of respective currency pair have been converted into presentation currency i.e. Rupees (INR) using year end closing
exchange rate.
Details of outstanding forward exchange contracts that are not accounted as hedges are as follows:
Rupees crores
Outstanding Contracts
Notional value
#
Carrying amount
Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)
Notional value
#
Carrying amount
Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)

Buy currency

-
JPY/INR..................................................................................................
-
304.41
(3.69)

-
EUR/INR................................................................................................
825.40
6.98
67.64
(0.45)

-
2,305.77
89.75
2,766.64
(56.48)

-
USD/CNH...............................................................................................
13.78
(0.55)
-

96.18
(60.62)
#
Notional value of respective currency pair have been converted into presentation currency i.e. Rupees (INR) using year end closing
exchange rate.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

(a) Market Risk Management (contd.)

The movements in Cash Flow Hedge Reserve for instruments designated in a cash flow hedge are as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance as at the beginning of the year...................................................................................................................................................
2.81
3.44
(Gains)/Losses transferred to Profit or Loss on occurrence of the forecast transaction......................................
(163.08)
0.65
Change in fair value of effective portion of cash flow hedges.................................................................................................
138.26
(1.49)
Total....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(24.82)
(0.84)
Deferred tax effect on above............................................................................................................................................................................
6.24
0.21
Balance as at the end of the year.................................................................................................................................................................
(15.77)
2.81
Of the above:
Balance relating to continuing hedges.......................................................................................................................................................
(15.77)
2.81

(iii) Sensitivity Analysis

Foreign Currency Sensitivity

The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in exchange rates, with all other variables held constant.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Currency
Change in rate
Effect on
profit before
Effect on
pre-tax
equity*
Year ended 31st March, 2026....................................................................................
USD/INR
10%
80.12
-
EUR/INR
10%
(6.85)
-
AUD/INR
10%
5.45
25.31
Year ended 31st March, 2025........................................................................................
USD/INR
10%
61.74
-
EUR/INR
10%
(0.75)
-
AUD/INR
10%
6.93
29.38

*
Related to items directly accounted in reserves only.

The sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk because the exposure at the end of the reporting period does
not reflect the exposure during the year.

Credit risk management

Credit Risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Company. The Company
has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral, where appropriate, as a means of mitigating
the risk of financial loss from defaults. The Company s exposure are continuously monitored.

Financial Guarantees

In addition, the Company is exposed to credit risk in relation to financial guarantees given to banks. The Company s maximum exposure in this
respect is the maximum amount, the Company would have to pay, if the guarantee is called on. The amount recognised in Balance Sheet as
other financial liabilities and maximum exposure details are as given below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Maximum exposure...................................................................................................................................................................................................
986.02
1,222.25
Amount recognised as liability ........................................................................................................................................................................
-
6.58

Credit risk management (contd.)

Trade Receivables

The Company applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by Ind AS 109, which permits the use of the
lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables. The Company has computed expected credit losses based on a provision matrix which
uses historical credit loss experience of the Company. The Company has taken dealer deposits, bank guarantees etc. which are considered as
collateral and these are considered in determination of expected credit losses, where applicable.

Amounts pertaining to these collaterals are as given below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Dealer Deposits.............................................................................................................................................................................................................
2.80
2.24
Bank Guarantees..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
837.04
764.17
Others (including Letters of Credit)...............................................................................................................................................................
477.88
395.78

Reconciliation of loss allowance for Trade Receivables:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance as at the beginning of the year..............................................................................................................................................
286.61
258.33
Additions during the year.......................................................................................................................................................................................
49.92
63.72
Amounts written off during the year.............................................................................................................................................................
(19.82)
(3.53)
Impairment losses reversed/written back...................................................................................................................................................
(28.12)
(31.91)
Balance as at the end of the year.............................................................................................................................................................
288.59
286.61

The Company s maximum exposure to credit risk in respect of financial guarantee contracts are disclosed in Note 40(b)(i).

In respect of other financial assets, the maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each
class of financial assets.

(iii) The Company has agreed to compensate a portion of potential losses arising from sale of repossession of certain products by the financers
of end consumers. The exposure of the Company to such losses is contractually capped at both an individual loan and portfolio level. The
gross loans by third party financiers associated with such arrangements as at 31st March, 2026 was Rs. 1,767.74 crores ( 2025: Rs. 1,795.65
crores). Based on historical experience and portfolio assessment, the Company has carried a provision of Rs. 33.41 crores (2025: Rs. 35.39
crores) in respect of expected exposure on the portfolio.

Liquidity risk management

Maturity profile of non-derivative financial liabilities

The following tables detail the Company s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment
periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the
Company can be required to pay and includes both interest and principal cash flows.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Less than
1. Year
1-3 Years
3-5 Years
5. Years and
As at 31st March, 2026
Short term borrowings - Principal.............................................................................
529.61
-
Long term borrowings - Principal..............................................................................
-
26.54
-
500.00
Long term borrowings - Interest................................................................................
65.29
95.50
1,540.43
Lease liabilities (including interest)...........................................................................
201.00
353.70
91.91
50.16
Trade payables.........................................................................................................................
29,499.90
-
Other Financial Liabilities.................................................................................................
1,913.12
161.16
2.24
279.45
Financial Guarantees...........................................................................................................
986.02
-
Total...............................................................................................................................................
33,194.94
636.90
189.65
2,370.04

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Rupees crores
Particulars
Less than
1. Year
1-3 Years
3-5 Years
5. Years and
As at 31st March, 2025
Short term borrowings - Principal.............................................................................
79.15
-
Long term borrowings - Principal..............................................................................
-
555.90
-
500.00
Long term borrowings - Interest................................................................................
83.71
131.46
95.50
1,588.18
Lease liabilities (including interest)...........................................................................
180.65
287.75
94.65
56.29
Trade payables.........................................................................................................................
23,405.77
-
Other Financial Liabilities.................................................................................................
1,764.90
243.18
2.00
280.75
Financial Guarantees...........................................................................................................
1,222.25
-
Total...............................................................................................................................................
26,736.43
1,218.29
192.15
2,425.22

The amounts included above for financial guarantee contracts are the maximum amounts the Company could be forced to settle under
the arrangement for the full guaranteed amount if that amount is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee. Based on expectations
at the end of the reporting period, the Company considers that IT is more likely than not that such an amount will not be payable under
the arrangement.

Maturity profile of derivative financial liabilities

The following table details the Company s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial liabilities other than derivatives on interest in subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Less than
1. Year
1-3 Years
3-5 Years
As at 31st March, 2026
Foreign exchange forward contracts...................................................................................................................
151.53
-
Commodity derivatives .................................................................................................................................................
53.32
-
Total...........................................................................................................................................................................................
204.85
-
As at 31st March, 2025
Foreign exchange forward contracts...................................................................................................................
69.35
-
Commodity derivatives .................................................................................................................................................
20.24
-
Total............................................................................................................................................................................................
89.59
-

Offsetting of balances

The Company has not offset financial assets and financial liabilities.

Collaterals

The Company has also availed working capital facilities and other non-fund based facilities viz. bank guarantees and letters of credit, which are
secured by hypothecation of certain current assets.

Liquidity risk management (contd.)

Fair Value Disclosures

Financial Instruments regularly measured using Fair Value - recurring items
Rupees crores
Particulars
Financial
Fair Value
Category
Fair Value
Fair value
Valuation technique(s)
Key inputs (for level 2 and level 3)
Significant
Relationship of unobservable
inputs to fair value and
1). Foreign currency
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL / FVTOCI-
Current
545.49
35.77. Level 2
-
2). Foreign currency
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL / FVTOCI-
Non Current
-
13.20. Level 2
contracted rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the
credit risk of counter parties.
-
3). Foreign currency
Financial
Liabilities
Financial
FVTPL / FVTOCI-
Current
204.85
89.59. Level 2
-
4) Derivatives on interest in
subsidiaries, associates
and joint ventures
Financial
Liabilities
Financial
FVTPL - Non
Current
85.92
82.32. Level 3
Comparable Companies
Method/Discounted Cash
Flow/Price of Recent
Transaction/Comparable
Companies Quoted
multiples
For Comparable Companies Method/Comparable
Companies Quoted multiples - compares the price
for which comparable companies are traded on the
capital market.
For Discounted Cash Flow - Companies Financial
Interest Rates to
Projections
corresponding change in the
valuation of derivatives on
interest in subsidiaries and
associates and joint ventures.
5) Investment in mutual
funds
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Current
13,086.76 10,756.43 Level 1
-
6) Investment in alternate
investment fund
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non
21.43
27.40. Level 1
-
7) Investment in equity
instruments - Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Non
1.76
2.25. Level 1
-
8) Investment in equity
instruments - Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
0.01
0.01. Level 1
-
9) Investment in equity
instruments - Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non
-
622.24. Level 1
-

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26

Fair Value Disclosures (contd.)

Financial Instruments regularly measured using Fair Value - recurring items (contd.)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Financial
Fair Value
Category
Fair Value
Fair value
Valuation technique(s)
Key inputs (for level 2 and level 3)
Significant
Relationship of unobservable
inputs to fair value and
10). Investment in
Infrastructure
Investment Trust -
Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non
490.27
366.06. Level 1
-
11) Investment in equity
instruments - Unquoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Non
10.93
10.93. Level 3
Discounted cash flow/
Market Multiple Approach
For Discounted Cash Flow - Companies Financial
For Market Multiple approach- In this approach fair
value is derived based on market multiples like PE
Multiple, Enterprise Value (EV) multiple, Revenue
Multiple etc.
Financial projections
operating margins, etc
and discount rates to
discount future cash
flows.
corresponding change in
the valuation of the equity
component and/or the debt
component.
12) Investment in debt
instrument - Government
Securities - Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
10.33
10.29. Level 1
-
13). Investments in
debentures / bonds-
Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
1,057.29
1,677.81 Level 1
-
14). Investment in
debt instruments -
Commercial Papers and
Certificate of Deposits
- Unquoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
170.16
294.91. Level 2
Discounted Cash Flow
-
15). Investments in
Optionally Convertible
Cumulative Redeemable
Preference Shares /
Optionally Convertible
Redeemable Bonds
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non
38.41
38.33. Level 3
For Discounted cash flow - Investee's financial
Financial projections
operating margins, etc
and discount rates to
discount future cash
flows.
corresponding change in
the valuation of the equity
component and/or the debt
component.

Fair Value Disclosures (contd.)

Financial Instruments regularly measured using Fair Value - recurring items (contd.)

Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial instruments measured at fair value
Rupees crores
Particulars
Unquoted Equity
investment
Derivatives on
Interest over
Associates and
Joint Ventures
(Net)
Investments
in Optionally /
Compulsorily
Convertible
Preference
Shares/
Debentures
Total
Year ended 31st March, 2026
Opening balance...............................................................................................
10.93
(82.32)
38.33
(33.06)

(a)
in profit or loss............................................................................
-
(3.60)
0.08
(3.52)

(b)
in other comprehensive income......................................
-
Purchases, issues, sales and settlements:

Purchases........................................................................................
-

Issues..................................................................................................
-

Sales...................................................................................................
-

Conversion......................................................................................
-
Closing balance.................................................................................................
10.93
(85.92)
38.41
(36.58)
Change in unrealised gains or losses for the year included
in profit or loss for assets & liabilities existing on Balance
Sheet date...............................................................................................................
-
(3.60)
0.08
(3.52)
Year ended 31st March, 2025
Opening balance..................................................................................................
10.93
(10.25)
306.48
307.16

in profit or loss............................................................................
-
(72.07)
(58.15)
(130.22)

in other comprehensive income......................................
-
Purchases, issues, sales and settlements:

Purchases........................................................................................
-

Issues..................................................................................................
-

Sales...................................................................................................
-

Conversion......................................................................................
-
(210.00)
Closing balance....................................................................................................
10.93
(82.32)
38.33
(33.06)
Change in unrealised gains or losses for the year included
in profit or loss for assets & liabilities existing on Balance
Sheet date...............................................................................................................
-
(72.07)
(58.15)
(130.22)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited Employee Stock Option
Trust
Mahindra Homes Private Limited (w.e.f. 28th November 2025)
Mahindra Hotels & Residences India Limited
Mahindra Ideal Finance Limited
Mahindra Infrastructure Developers Limited
Mahindra Integrated Business Solutions Private Limited
Mahindra MiddleEast Electrical Steel Service Centre (FZC)
Mahindra MSTC Recycling Private Limited
Mahindra Blossom Developers Limited (w.e.f. 2nd January 2026
upto 23rd March 2026)
Mahindra Racing UK Limited (Subsidiary upto 9th June, 2025) &
(became subsidiary w.e.f. 17th November 2025)
Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited Employee Welfare Trust
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated Systems Limited
Mahindra Two Wheelers Europe Holdings S.a.r.l.
Mahindra Vehicle Sales and Service Inc.
Mahindra Water Utilities Limited
Mahindra World City (Maharashtra) Limited
Mahindra Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited (Formerly
known as Mahindra-BT Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited)
(w.e.f. 19th December 2025)
MH Boutique Hospitality Limited
MHR Holdings (Mauritius) Limited
Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Sales Co., Ltd.
Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd.
MLL Mobility Private Limited
Moonshine Construction Private Limited
Infinity Hospitality Group Company Limited
Keskinäinen Kiinteistö Oy Salla Star (w.e.f. 3rd July 2025)
Kiinteistö Oy Rauhan Liikekiinteistöt 1
Knowledge Township Limited
Lords Freight (India) Private Limited
M.I.T.R.A Agro Equipments Private Limited
Mahindra & Mahindra Benefit Trust
Mahindra & Mahindra Employee Stock Option Trust
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited - Employees'
Stock Option Trust
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited (w.e.f. 7th April 2025)
Mahindra and Mahindra South Africa (Proprietary) Limited
Mahindra Armored Vehicles Jordan, LLC
Mahindra Automotive Australia Pty. Limited
Mahindra Automotive North America Inc.
Mahindra Bloomdale Developers Limited
Mahindra do Brasil Industrial Ltda.
Mahindra Electrical Steel Private Limited
Mahindra Emirates Vehicle Armouring FZ-LLC
Mahindra Finance CSR Foundation
Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited ESOP Trust
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts Harihareshwar Limited

Fair Value Disclosures (contd.)

Financial Instruments measured at amortised cost
Rupees crores
Particulars
Carrying
Value
Fair value
(Level 2)
As at 31st March, 2026
Financial liabilities
Non Current Borrowings
-
Debentures......................................................................................................................................................................................................
500.00
593.29
-
Other loans......................................................................................................................................................................................................
26.54
25.12
As at 31st March, 2025
Financial liabilities
Non Current Borrowings
-
Debentures......................................................................................................................................................................................................
974.76
1,065.76
-
Other loans......................................................................................................................................................................................................
81.14
73.90
There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year.

Valuation methodologies of financial instruments not measured at fair value

Below are the methodologies and assumptions used to determine fair values for the above financial instruments which are not recorded and
measured at fair value in the company s financial statements. These fair values were calculated for disclosure purposes only.

Non-Current Borrowings

The fair value of borrowings which have a quoted market price in an active market is based on its market price and for other borrowings the fair
value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows, using current interest rates.

Except for the above, carrying value of financial assets/liabilities measured at amortised cost represent reasonable estimate of fair value.
41. Related Party Disclosures

Related parties where control exists:

Subsidiaries
2 x 2 Logistics Private Limited
Anthurium Developers Limited
Arabian Dreams Hotels Apartments LLC
Are Villa 3 AB
Automobili Pininfarina Americas Inc.
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
Bristlecone (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
Bristlecone (Singapore) Pte. Limited
Bristlecone Consulting Limited
Bristlecone GmbH
Bristlecone Inc.
Bristlecone India Private Limited
Bristlecone Internacional Costa Rica Limited
Bristlecone International AG
Bristlecone Middle East DMCC
Bristlecone UK Limited
Bristlecone Worldwide, Inc
Covington S.a.r.l
Deep Mangal Developers Private Limited
Erkunt Sanayi Anonim Şirketi
Erkunt Traktor Sanayii Anonim Şirketi
Gables Promoters Private Limited
Guestline Hospitality Management and Development Service
Heritage Bird (M) Sdn Bhd
Holiday Club Canarias Investments S.L.
Holiday Club Canarias Resort Management S.L.
Holiday Club Canarias Sales & Marketing S.L.
Holiday Club Canarias Vacation Club SLU
Holiday Club Resorts Oy
Holiday Club Sport and Spa hotels AB
Holiday Club Sweden Ab Åre
Industrial Township (Maharashtra) Limited
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)

Related parties where control exists: (contd.)

Subsidiaries: (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Mumbai Mantra Media Limited
New Democratic Electoral Trust
Ownership Services Sweden Ab
PSL Media & Communications Limited (w.e.f. 16th September, 2025)
PT Mahindra Accelo Steel Indonesia
Rathna Bhoomi Enterprises Private Limited
Ryono Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Ryono Engineering Co., Ltd.
Ryono Factory Co., Ltd.
Shreyas Stones Private Limited (w.e.f. 27th June, 2025)
SML Mahindra Limited (w.e.f. 1st August, 2025) (Formerly known as
SML Isuzu Limited)
Sunrise Initiatives Trust
Sampo Rosenlew Oy (upto 30th September, 2025)
V-Link Freight Services Private Limited
ZipZap Logistics Private Limited
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)

Related parties where control exists: (contd.)

Subsidiaries: (contd.)

Other parties with whom transactions have taken place during the year:

Associates
Tech Mahindra Sweden AB
Tech Mahindra Foundation (upto 8th January, 2026)
Tech Mahindra Spain S.L.
Sustainable Energy Infra Investment Managers Private Limited
Tech Mahindra France
Tech Mahindra (Americas) Inc.
Tech Mahindra Defence Technologies Limited
CIE Automotive India Limited
Tech Mahindra Holdco Pty Limited (upto 18th November, 2025)
Tech Mahindra South Africa (Pty) Limited
Satyam Venture Engineering Services Private Limited
Tech Mahindra Servicos De Informatica S.A
Golde Wuhan Co., Limited
Tech Mahindra Servicos Ltda
CIE Aluminium Casting India Limited
Tech Mahindra DE Mexico S.DE R.L.DE C.V
Golde Pune Automotive India Private Limited
Tech Mahindra LLC
Tech Mahindra (Shanghai) Co. Limited
Tech Mahindra London Limited
Gelos Solren Private Limited (w.e.f. 15th December, 2025)
Tech Mahindra (Switzerland) SA
Mahindra Educational Institutions (upto 26th December, 2025)
Tech Mahindra Limited SPC
Pininfarina S.P.A.
Tech Mahindra Communications Japan Co., Limited
Tech Mahindra Cerium Systems Sdn. Bhd.
Mahindra Finance USA LLC
Tech Mahindra Network Services International Inc.
Tech Mahindra Consulting Group Inc.
Tech Mahindra GmbH
Tech Mahindra Arabia Limited
Tech Mahindra Norway AS
Tech Mahindra Digital Pty Ltd (upto 9th March, 2026)
Tech Mahindra Luxembourg S.a r.l.
Tech Mahindra Technology Services LLC (upto 20th June, 2025)
Tech Mahindra (Singapore) Pte Limited
Tech Mahindra (Thailand) Limited
Tech Mahindra Costa Rica Sociedad Anonima
Pt Tech Mahindra Indonesia
Tech Mahindra Colombia S.A.S
Tech Mahindra ICT Services (Malaysia) SDN. BHD
Tech Mahindra Fintech Holdings Limited
Tech Mahindra (Beijing) IT Services Limited
Tech Mahindra Egypt Technologies Tech
Tech Mahindra Mexico Cloud Services, S.DE R.L. DE C.V
Tech Mahindra Global Chess League AG
Tech Mahindra (Nigeria) Limited
Tech-Mahindra de Peru S.A.C.
Tech Mahindra Bahrain Ltd W.L.L
Tech-Mahindra Guatemala S.A
Tech Mahindra (Nanjing) Co. Limited
Tech-Mahindra Ecuador S.A
Tech Mahindra Technologies Inc.
Tech-Mahindra Panama, S.A.
Tech Mahindra Vietnam Company Limited
Tech-Mahindra S.A
Tech Mahindra IT Services NL B.V.
Mahindra Racing UK Limited (w.e.f 10th June, 2025 upto
16th November, 2025)
PSL Media & Communications Limited (upto 15th September, 2025)
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)

Other parties with whom transactions have taken place during the year: (contd.)

Joint Ventures
Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private Limited
Seino MLL Logistics Private Limited
Mahindra Ideal Lanka (Private) Limited (upto 14th August, 2025)
Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited
Mahindra Inframan Water Utilities Private Limited
Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited (Formerly known
as Mahindra-BT Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited) (upto
18th December, 2025)
Mahindra Homes Private Limited (upto 27th November, 2025)
Gelos Solren Private Limited (upto 14th December, 2025)
Tech Mahindra Foundation (w.e.f 8th January, 2026)

(iii) Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Name of KMP
Designation
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman
Dr. Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Independent Director
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Independent Director
Ms. Samina Hamied (w.e.f. 7th October, 2025)
Independent Director
Mr. M.P. Vijay Kumar (w.e.f. 7th October, 2025)
Independent Director
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Independent Director
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Independent Director
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Nominee Director
Late Mr. T. N. Manoharan (upto 30th July, 2025)
Independent Director

(iv) Close member of KMP and entities controlled/jointly controlled by KMP:
Close member of KMP
Close member of KMP
Mr. Murugappan Muthiah Murugappan
Mr. Niraj Shah
Ms. Anuradha Mahindra
Ms. Snehal Shah
Ms. Radhika Nath
Dr. T. N. Gajendran (upto 30th July, 2025)
Goolestan Investments Private Limited
Gotham Park Projects LLP
Naandi Community Water Services Private Limited
The Indian And Eastern Engineer Company Private Limited

Entity belonging to Promoter/Promoter Group holding 10% or more in the Company:
Prudential Management & Services Private Limited

(vi) Welfare Funds/Post-Employment benefit plans
Name of the Fund
Name of the Fund
M&M Employees' Welfare Fund No. 1
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Staff Provident Fund
M&M Employees' Welfare Fund No. 2
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Staff & Workmen's Superannuation Scheme
M&M Employees Welfare Fund No. 3
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Superannuation Scheme
Mahindra World School Education Trust
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Gratuity Scheme

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)

The related party transactions are as under:
Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the
Year
Ended
31st March
Subsidiaries Associates
Joint
Ventures
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/
Post-
Employment
Purchases
3,940.61 2,503.52
1.01
-
3,171.78
2,180.37
7.57
-
4,100.40
339.60
16.01
-
3,394.77
282.88
15.10
-
Property, Plant and Equipment
174.33
0.55
0.02
-
94.94
0.74
-
Sales
Goods*...........................................................
17,840.37
0.69
208.53
-
7,407.14
2.11
548.03
-
1,083.12
1.85
101.81
-
967.89
6.56
33.55
-
Property, Plant and Equipment
30.61
-
7.85
-
0.01
-
Investments
Purchased/Subscribed/
Conversion/Bonus.................................
6,956.05
27.49
36.00
-
2,791.49
-
210.00
-
Sold/Redeemed......................................
1,218.16
-
Deputation of Personnel
From Parties.............................................
7.23
-
0.86
-
9.81
-
0.79
-
To Parties...................................................
12.52
-
7.78
0.90
0.03
-
Managerial Remuneration...............
-
46.33
-
37.02
-
Stock Options..........................................
-
74.67
-
54.08
-
Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the
Year
Ended
31st March
Subsidiaries Associates
Joint
Ventures
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/
Post-
Employment
Commission and other benefits
to Non-executive/independent
directors (including nominee
directors)**.........................................................
-
7.84
-
7.25
-
Others (Sitting Fees) #...........................
-
0.13
-
0.12
-
Finance
given...............................................................
2,236.00
20.00
434.15
-
3,845.40
10.00
133.50
-
refunded by parties.............................
3,706.22
-
283.30
-
1.50
2,738.86
-
140.00
-
1.50
Provision/(Reversal) of expected
credit loss on Inter corporate
deposit during the year....................
(40.18)
-
(1.50)
40.18
-
(1.50)
Interest Income......................................
182.92
1.65
33.30
-
195.70
0.44
18.17
-
Dividend received..................................
652.97 1,116.10
-
718.41
1,066.50
36.44
-
Dividend distributed............................
321.31
-
4.58
1.90
334.52
3.23
271.07
-
3.50
1.68
278.99
2.70
252.34
-
391.52
-
Other Transactions
285.37
5.73
1.97
-
0.91
0.04
-
225.28
3.91
12.61
-
0.91
0.04
-
Other Expenses......................................
209.41
86.44
-
0.09
-
368.23
454.81
30.00
-
0.56
-
317.76
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)

The related party transactions are as under: (contd.)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the
Year
Ended
31st March
Subsidiaries Associates
Joint
Ventures
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/
Post-
Employment
Reimbursements received from
278.50
10.98
24.79
-
0.02
-
429.98
15.37
20.35
-
0.02
-
Reimbursements made to
506.91
0.04
2.19
-
2.33
243.07
0.26
4.19
-
1.41
Trade advance given...........................
150.00
-
Security deposit given.......................
-
5.00
-
Outstandings
Trade and Other Payable................
1,015.85
687.34
1.34
-
0.03
-
950.64
583.83
4.03
-
Trade and Other Receivable...........
3,667.01
6.19
47.06
-
2,805.08
7.56
97.78
-
Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans...
2,123.35
-
334.15
-
3,442.15
10.00
183.30
-
1.50
986.02
-
649.96
572.29
-
* includes sale of goods of Rs. 12,413.01 crores (2025: Rs. 2,298.88 crores) to Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited, a subsidiary of the Company.
# In addition, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra is entitled to the benefits under the Special Post Retirement Benefit Scheme
** includes sitting fees and commission paid to Khaitan & Co., in which Mr. Haigreve Khaitan is a partner. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan was a director in the company
upto 7th August 2024.
Note: Transactions with related parties are at arm s length.
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)

The related party transactions are as under: (contd.)
41.
Related Party Disclosures: (contd.)
Details of related party transactions with Key Management Personnel are as under:
Nature of Transaction
Name of KMP
For the Year
Ended
31st March
Rupees crores
Salary including perquisites^..........................................................................................................
Mr. Anand Mahindra
3.03
2.75
Dr. Anish Shah
21.50
16.50
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
17.43
13.91
Stock Options
Dr. Anish Shah
41.77
30.18
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
32.90
23.90
Commission & Sitting fees...............................................................................................................
Mr. Anand Mahindra
3.16
2.87
Other Contribution to Funds..........................................................................................................
Dr. Anish Shah
0.79
0.65
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
0.55
0.46
^
Does not include post-employement benefits and other long term benefits based on acturial valuation as these are done for the company as a whole.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
42. Disclosure required under Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 for Loans and Guarantees (net of provision):
Inter Corporate deposits and Loans
Rupees crores
Name
Relationship as per
Companies Act, 2013
847.76
2,026.87
10.00
25.00
284.65
164.80
411.00
245.00
100.00
201.50
120.00
35.00
130.00
150.00
120.00
100.00
60.00
32.00
-
37.00
-
75.00
49.50
18.50
300.00
200.00
20.00
-
150.00
-
100.00
Mahindra Educational Institutions (up to 26th December, 2025)
-
10.00
2,452.91
3,590.67
Guarantees
Rupees crores
Name
Relationship as per
Companies Act, 2013
Outstanding
Recognized in
Balance Sheet
Outstanding
Recognized in
Balance Sheet
844.73
-
521.68
-
141.29
-
128.28
-
PF Holding B.V.
-
572.29
6.58
Notes
Inter corporate deposits given and repaid during the year amounting to Rs. 10.00 crores to Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited, Rs. 28.00 crores
to Mahindra Defence Systems Limited, Rs. 617.00 crores to NBS International Limited and Rs. 100.00 crores to Classic Legends Private
limited, Rs. 285.00 crores to Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited and Rs. 25.00 crores to Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited.

Above inter corporate deposits and loans have been given for general business purposes (including investment purposes) and guarantees have
been given against their borrowing/performance obligations.

Refer note 8 for investments.
43. Details of Investments made/Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans given to intermediaries:

Details of Investments made or Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans given to Intermediaries:
Rupees crores
Name of Company
Date of transaction
Amount
Subsidiary Companies
30th June, 2025
99.71
30th September, 2025
46.95
30th December, 2025
105.62
30th March, 2026
98.12
23rd April, 2025
166.58
23rd May, 2025
111.03
17th September, 2025
98.53
27th May, 2025
1.19
24th June, 2025
37.00
29th September, 2025
101.00
28th August, 2025
4.82
19th August, 2025
206.67

Details of further Investments made or Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans given by Intermediary to Ultimate Beneficiary :
Rupees crores
Name of intermediary
Name of ultimate beneficiary
Date of transaction
Amount
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
28th May, 2025
85.35
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
3rd September, 2025
14.36
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
1st October, 2025
46.95
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
31st December, 2025
50.38
Erkunt Traktor Sanayii Anonim Sirketi
24th April, 2025
145.82
Erkunt Sanayi Anonim Sirketi
14th May, 2025
17.47
Erkunt Sanayi Anonim Sirketi
27th May, 2025
91.69
Erkunt Sanayi Anonim Sirketi
31st March, 2026
22.63
17th September, 2025
98.53
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated Systems
28th August, 2025
4.53
Mahindra Emirates Vehicle Armouring FZ - LLC
28th August, 2025
33.66
29th September, 2025
101.00
28th August, 2025
4.82
22nd August, 2025
168.77
V-link Freight Services Private Limited
22nd August, 2025
1.29
3rd November, 2025
31.98
2x2 Logistics Private Limited
31st December, 2025
4.63
Above transactions are in compliance with relevant provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (42 of 1999), Companies Act, 2013
and Prevention of Money-Laundering Act, 2002.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
43. Details of Investments made/Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans given to intermediaries: (contd.)
Details of each Intermediary/Ultimate beneficiary:
Relationship as per Companies
Act, 2013
Registered address
Identification number
(CIN/Others)
Mahindra Automotive Mauritius
6th Floor, Two Tribeca, Tribeca
Central, Trianon 72261, Mauritius
C118023461
Mahindra Overseas Investment
6th Floor, Two Tribeca, Tribeca
Central, Trianon 72261, Mauritius
C104001323
Mahindra
Aerospace
Private
Mahindra
P.K.Kurne
Chowk, Worli, Mumbai - 400018
AAFCM4657F
Mahindra Advanced Technologies
Mahindra Tower, Worli Rd. No
13, P B Marg, Worli, Mumbai,
Maharashtra, India, 400018
U30400MH2025PLC444920
Mahindra
Sustainable
Energy
Mahindra Towers, Dr. G.M. Bhosale
Marg, P.K.Kurne Chowk, Worli,
Mumbai - 400 018.
AALCM1603R
Mahindra
Kurne
Chowk Worli, Mumbai - 400018
AAFCM2530H
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
AUTOMOBILI PININFARINA GmbH,
c/o Design Offices , Weihenstephaner
Str. 12, 81673 Munich
HRB 239596
Erkunt Traktor Sanayii Anonim
Sirketi
Organize Sanayi Bolgesi, Ahi Evran
OSB, Batıhun Cd. No:2, 06935
Sincan Osb/Sincan/Ankara
3630178028
Erkunt Sanayi Anonim Sirketi
Bahçekapı Mahallesi Fen İşleri
Caddesi No:2 Etimesgut/Ankara
3630022893
Mahindra Aerostructures Private
Mahindra
P.K.Kurne
Chowk, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018
AAGCM9904J
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated
Mahindra Towers, P. K. Kurne
Chowk, Dr. G.M. Bhosale Marg,
Worli, Mumbai-400018
U75302MH2013PLC242268
Mahindra
Emirates
Vehicle
Armouring FZ-LLC
Ber Al Jazeera, Al Hamra, Office
No. 2132, RAKIA Industrial park,
WFZ 08, Ras Al Khamiah, U.A.E
100345554800003
Mahindra
Defence
Systems
Mahindra Towers, P. K. Kurne
Chowk, Dr. G.M. Bhosale Marg,
Worli, Mumbai-400018
U75220MH2012PLC233889
Mahindra
Pandurang
Budhkar Marg, Nr. Doordarshan
Kendra,
Worli,
Mumbai,
Maharashtra, India 400018
AAOCM4850B
MLL Express Services Private
Mahindra
Kurne
Chowk Worli, Mumbai - 400018
AACCV3947L
V-link Freight Services Private
10. Floor, Arena Space, Nr Majas
Depot, JVLR Rd, Mumbai - 400060
AAICV9737C
2x2 Logistics Private Limited
Mahindra
Kurne
Chowk Worli, Mumbai - 400018
AAACZ6170B
44. Segment information

Operating Segments

The Company is both an operating company, primarily having operations in the Automotive and Farm Equipment segments and a holding company with
a portfolio of investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

As part of the group strategy and vision, the Company is focused on operational efficiencies and synergies and driving value creation through partnerships,
mergers and acquisitions in order to generate periodic returns from these portfolio of investments/businesses. The CODM (Chief Operating Decision
Maker) of the Company therefore manages investments/businesses, allocates capital and measures performance under three key verticals, namely
Automotive, Farm Equipment and Services.

The Company in its standalone financial statement has reported five segments, namely Automotive, Farm Equipment, Auto Investments, Farm Investments
and Investments in Industrial Businesses and Consumer Services.

The Company has reported the dividend, interest and other investment related income pertaining to the aforesaid investment segments as Income from
Investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as applicable. Similarly, loss pertaining to the aforesaid investment segments is reported
as Loss from Investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures .

Description of each of the reportable segments for all periods presented, is as under:

Automotive: This segment comprises of sale of automobiles, two wheelers, spares, construction equipments and related services;

Farm Equipment: This segment comprises of sale of tractors, implements, spares, powerol and related services;

Auto Investments: This segment comprises of investments in automotive related subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures;

d)
Farm Investments: This segment comprises of investments in farm equipment related subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures;

Industrial Businesses and Consumer Services segment: This segment comprises of investments in other than automotive & farm related subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures;

The measurement of each segment s revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities is consistent with the accounting policies that are used in preparation of
the financial statements. Segment result represents the profit before interest and tax without allocation of corporate income and expenses.

Information regarding the Company s reportable segments is presented below :
Rupees crores
Particulars
Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Auto
Investments
Farm
Investments
Investment
in Industrial
Businesses and
Consumer Services
Total
Segment
Eliminations
Total
Revenue
External Revenue..............................................................................
1,09,199.57
36,376.20
32.03
117.66
2,039.89 1,47,765.35
- 1,47,765.35
87,287.47
29,196.21
18.83
65.49
2,056.53
1,18,624.53
-
1,18,624.53
Inter Segment Revenue................................................................
155.36
33.07
-
188.43
(188.43)
-
155.63
40.45
-
196.08
(196.08)
-
Income from operation..............................................................
1,09,354.93
36,409.27
32.03
117.66
2,039.89 1,47,953.78
(188.43) 1,47,765.35
87,443.10
29,236.66
18.83
65.49
2,056.53
1,18,820.61
(196.08)
1,18,624.53
Results
Segment Result..................................................................................
10,141.22
7,206.27
(324.41)
(203.21)
2,077.17
18,897.04
-
18,897.04
8,277.23
5,371.02
(175.40)
(588.19)
2,090.10
14,974.76
-
14,974.76
Less: Finance costs...........................................................................
249.58
250.47
Add: Unallocated corporate income net of
unallocated expenses.....................................................................
1,976.75
925.83
Profit before tax.............................................................................
20,624.21
15,650.12
Income Taxes........................................................................................
(4,985.28)
(3,795.16)
Profit after tax..................................................................................
15,638.93
11,854.96

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Rupees crores
Particulars
Out of total external revenue above:
Revenue from contracts with customers..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,44,153.05 1,15,110.84
Revenue from other sources.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,422.72
1,372.84
Income from investment related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures .............................................................................................................................................................
2,189.58
2,140.85
Total........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,47,765.35 1,18,624.53
Rupees crores
Particulars
Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Auto
Investments
Farm
Investments
Investment
in Industrial
Businesses and
Consumer Services
Total
Segment
Eliminations
Total
Other Information
Segment Assets..........................................................................
39,213.49
12,838.17
9,395.10
2,100.78
16,876.03
80,423.57
-
80,423.57
35,836.19
12,007.36
7,120.31
2,215.88
14,479.82
71,659.56
-
71,659.56
Segment Liabilities....................................................................
34,105.53
7,732.79
-
85.92
-
41,924.24
- 41,924.24
27,444.27
6,431.92
-
82.32
-
33,958.51
-
33,958.51
Reconciliation of segment assets to total assets:
Segment Assets..........................................................................
80,423.57
71,659.56
Unallocated Corporate Assets..........................................
40,179.11
27,989.35
Total Assets.................................................................................

1,20,602.68
99,648.91
Reconciliation of segment liabilities to total
liabilities:
Segment Liabilities....................................................................
41,924.24
33,958.51
Unallocated Corporate Liabilities....................................
4,353.28
4,105.30
Total Liabilities.........................................................................
46,277.52
38,063.81
Rupees crores
Particulars
Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Auto
Investments
Farm
Investments
Investment
in Industrial
Businesses
and Consumer
Services
Total
Segment
Eliminations
Total
Additions to non current assets.....................................
5,471.92
782.54
-
6,254.46
-
6,254.46
4,243.05
838.21
-
5,081.26
-
5,081.26
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense
3,539.54
718.19
-
4,257.73
-
4,257.73
3,505.07
683.21
-
4,188.28
-
4,188.28
Note
Additions to non-current assets comprises of capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment, capital work-in-progress, intangible assets including those
under development and capital advances.
44. Segment information (contd.)

Operating Segments (contd.)
44. Segment information (contd.)

Revenue from type of products and services

The operating segments are primarily based on nature of products and services and hence the Revenue from external customers of each segment is
representative of revenue based on products and services.

Geographical Information

Rupees crores
Particulars
Revenue
contracts
Revenue
Income from
Total
Revenue from
contracts with
Revenue
Income from
associates and
Total
Domestic.............................................
1,38,163.75
1,422.72
2,047.09 1,41,633.56
1,10,018.67
1,362.65
1,977.78
1,13,359.10
Overseas..............................................
5,989.30
-
142.49
6,131.79
5,092.17
10.19
163.07
5,265.43
1,44,153.05
1,422.72
2,189.58 1,47,765.35
1,15,110.84
1,372.84
2,140.85
1,18,624.53
Non-Current assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Domestic........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
27,598.69 25,603.80
Overseas........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
27,598.69 25,603.80

Domestic includes sales to customers located in India and service income accrued in India. Income from investment includes income from companies
incorporated in India.

Overseas includes sales and services rendered to customers located outside India. Income from investment includes income from companies incorporated
outside India.

Information about major customers

During the years ended 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025 no revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10% or more
of the Company s revenues from external customers.
45. Contingent Liability & Commitments

(A) Contingent Liability

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts comprise of:

Excise Duty, Sales Tax and Service Tax claims disputed by the Company relating to issues of applicability and classification (before tax)
aggregating Rs. 3,134.02 crores (2025 : Rs. 3,037.91 crores).

Other matters (before tax) (excluding claims where amounts are not ascertainable) : Rs. 375.18 crores (2025 : Rs. 345.29 crores).

Taxation matters

Demands against the Company not acknowledged as debts and not provided for, in respect of which the Company is in appeal and
exclusive of the effect of similar matters in respect of assessments remaining to be completed:

-
Income-tax : Rs. 2,486.28 crores (2025 : Rs. 2,616.82 crores) net off MAT credit.

Items in respect of which the Company has succeeded in appeal, but the Income-tax Department is pursuing/likely to pursue in appeal/
reference and exclusive of the effect of similar matters in respect of assessments remaining to be completed:

-
Income-tax matters : Rs. 566.59 crores (2025 : Rs. 564.88 crores).

In respect of (a) & (b) above, IT is not practicable for the Company to estimate the closure of these issues and the consequential timings of
cash flows, if any.

Financial guarantee given on behalf of Subsidiaries/ Associates/ Joint Ventures companies [refer note 40 (b)(i)]

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
45. Contingent Liability & Commitments: (contd.)

(B) Commitments

The estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided is Rs. 5,296.98 crores (2025 :
Rs. 2,255.83 crores)

The Company has contractual obligations towards long-term material purchase commitments for Rs. 10,527.89 crores (2025 : Rs.
7,500.00 crores)

(iii) Other commitments Rs. 3.36 crores (2025 : Rs. 4.49 crores)
46. Other information

(A) Research and Development expenditure

In recognised Research and Development units:

Expensed to Profit or Loss, including certain expenditure based on allocations made by the Company, aggregate Rs. 771.62 crores
(2025 : Rs. 748.33 crores) [excluding depreciation and amortisation of Rs. 1,680.76 crores (2025 : Rs. 1,707.60 crores)].

Development expenditure incurred during the year Rs. 2,022.39 crores (2025 : Rs. 1,562.41 crores).

(iii) Capitalisation of assets Rs. 381.45 crores (2025 : Rs. 563.98 crores).

In other units:

Expensed to Profit or Loss, including certain expenditure based on allocations made by the Company, aggregate Rs. 232.33 crores
(2025 : Rs. 227.19 crores) [excluding depreciation and amortisation of Rs. 141.76 crores (2025 : Rs. 84.34 crores)] .

Development expenditure incurred during the year Rs. 198.39 crores (2025 : Rs. 171.01 crores).

(iii) Capitalisation of assets Rs. 56.07 crores (2025 : Rs. 32.86 crores).
47. Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) issued by Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited (MEAL)

Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited (MEAL), a subsidiary of the Company is engaged in the business of four-wheel passenger electric vehicles.

In accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in the Securities Subscription Agreement and Shareholders Agreement entered
with British International Investment Plc (BII) and Jongsong Investments Pte Ltd ( Temasek ), BII and Temasek invested Rs. 1,850.00 crores and
Rs. 1,200.00 crores respectively in 0.001% Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) and 0.001% Series A Compulsory Convertible Preference
Shares (Series A CCPS) of MEAL respectively.

Since the CCPS and Series A CCPS are convertible into variable number of equity shares of MEAL, IT has been classified as financial liability at fair value
through profit or loss in the financial statements of MEAL and in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 31st March, 2026.

MEAL, in its Board meeting dated 28th April, 2026 has approved the conversion of CCPS and Series A CCPS into equity shares of MEAL as per the
pre-determined formula and on 1st May, 2026, issued the equity shares against the said CCPS.

In accordance with the shareholders agreement, the Company shall take best efforts to provide BII and Temasek with a complete exit between
1st November, 2027 and 1st November, 2030 through certain exit options (or a combination thereof), as may be determined by the Company in its sole
discretion.

In case exit has not been provided to BII prior to 1st November, 2030, BII shall have the right upto 31st October, 2031 to require full exit to be provided
by the Company or by its affiliates and/or a third party at the higher of fair market value and the amount invested by BII.

In case exit has not been provided to Temasek prior to 1st November, 2030, Temasek shall have the right up to 31st October, 2031 to require full exit to
be provided by the Company by way of share swap if the fair market value of the Temasek interest is higher than the amount invested by IT. However, the
Company shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to provide cash exit to Temasek at the higher of fair market value of the Temasek interest and the
amount invested by IT. Further, if the Fair market value of the Temasek interest is lower than its investment amount, neither the Company nor Temasek
shall be obligated to undertake their respective obligations with respect to the Share swap.
48. Additional regulatory information:

Ratios
Particulars
Debt-Equity Ratio (times)
(Long term Borrowings + Short term Borrowings)/(Total Equity)......................................................................................
0.01
0.02
Debt Service Coverage Ratio (times)
(Profit before interest, depreciation, amortisation, impairments, loss from investments related to
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, exceptional items and tax )/(Gross interest for the period
+ Principal Repayments of long term borrowings within a year).......................................................................................
30.05
50.22
Return on Equity
(Net Profit for the period/Average Total Equity for the period)..........................................................................................
23.01%
20.82%
Inventory Turnover (times)
(Cost of materials consumed/Average Inventories for the period)....................................................................................
10.73
8.61
Trade Receivables Turnover (times)
(Revenue from sale of goods and services)/(Average Trade Receivable for the period)...................................
23.42
22.17
Trade Payables Turnover (times)
(Purchase of goods and services + Other Expenses)/(Average Trade Payable for the period).....................
4.51
4.53
Net Capital Turnover (times)
(Revenue from operations)/[Average working capital (Current assets less Current liabilities) for the
period]............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
8.44
9.26
Net Profit margin (%)
(Net Profit for the period/Income from operations).....................................................................................................................
10.58%
9.99%
Return on Capital Employed (%)
(Profit before interest and tax/(Average Total Equity + Average Total Debt for the period).........................
30.23%
27.27%
Return on Investment (%)
(Income earned on investments/Average Investment for the period).............................................................................
7.11%
7.80%

Explanatory notes

Cost of materials consumed for the purpose of Inventory turnover ratio includes Purchases of stock-in-trade and Changes in inventories of
finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress.

Investments include current & non-current investments including Fixed deposits, Certificate of Deposits, corporate deposits, Mutual Funds,
Non-Convertible Debentures, Commercial Papers, Inter-corporate deposits excluding investments in Equity instruments and Preference shares.

Explanation for change in the ratios by more than 25%:

Debt Service Coverage Ratio (times) : The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is at 30.05 in current year as against 50.22 in previous year primarily due
to increase in principal repayment of long term borrowings due within one year.

Quarterly returns/statements filed by the Company with banks are in agreement with the books of accounts.

The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has notified the Environment Protection (End-of-Life Vehicles) Rules, 2025 ( ELV Rules ),
which are effective from April 1, 2025. As per these rules, Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) obligations are imposed on producers ( vehicle
manufacturers ) for the scrapping of End-of-Life Vehicles and such obligations are to be fulfilled through the purchase of EPR certificates from
registered Vehicle Scrapping Facilities via a Centralised Online Portal. The implementation details and operational procedures of the ELV rules
including the modalities of the pricing mechanism for the EPR certificates are yet to be developed.

Consequently, the Company is currently unable to reliably estimate a range of possible outcomes and the potential impact of these rules. The
Company will continue to assess the ability to measure its obligations pursuant to the ELV Rules, as and when the aforesaid details of implementation
framework are available.

Transactions with Struck off Companies
Rupees crores
Receivables
Payables
Other
Outstanding
Balances -
Assets
Other
Outstanding
Balances -
Liabilities
Number of
Shares held
Companies
Badri Sarraf Finance And Mutual Benefit Company Limited ......
-
Cherrytin Online Private Limited ...................................................................
*
-
Dreams Comtrade Private Limited ...............................................................
-

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Standalone Accounts
Rupees crores
Receivables
Payables
Other
Outstanding
Balances -
Assets
Other
Outstanding
Balances -
Liabilities
Number of
Shares held
Companies
Elegant Finvest Private Limited........................................................................
-
Frontline Corporate Finance Limited..............................................................
-
1,944
HBN Homes Colonisers Private Limited......................................................
0.02
-
Hudson Engineering Industries Private Limited.....................................
-
1,200
J. Atul Investments Private Limited................................................................
-
*
-
Jaipal Consultancy Private Limited.................................................................
-
Knowledge Beans Training Management & Consulting Private
Limited.................................................................................................................................
0.01
-
Libra Agencies Private Limited...........................................................................
-
M N S Logistics Private Limited........................................................................
*
-
Magnate Leasing And Finance Private Limited.......................................
-
Maptronicz Technologies Private Limited...................................................
*
-
Midwest Mutual Fund Limited.............................................................................
-
Padmini Diesel Emission Control Private Limited.................................
-
*
-
Rajpal Control Systems Private Limited......................................................
-
Rapidform Technologies Private Limited....................................................
*
-
Sahil Genset Sales Private Limited.................................................................
*
-
Sartaj Mega Project India Private Limited.................................................
*
-
The India Sugar Agencies Private Limited..................................................
-
Versatile Options And Solutions Private Limited..................................
-
0.02
-

* denotes amounts less than Rs. 50,000.

Note: The above information is provided on basis of reasonable diligence done to ascertain relevant companies that have been struck off on the
website of the Ministry of Company Affairs.
Signatures to Notes 1 to 48

The accompanying notes 1 to 48 are an integral part of the Financial Statements.
48. Additional regulatory information: (contd.)

Transactions with Struck off Companies: (contd.)
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M.P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4164)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
CONSOLIDATED
ACCOUNTS

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Impairment of loans and advances to customers in financial services business
See Note 2(e)(v) to consolidated financial statements
As at March 31, 2026, the carrying value of loan assets in financial service
business aggregating Rs 143,403 crores, against which an impairment
loss of Rs 4,140 crores has been recorded. This mainly includes the
loan given by Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited and its
subsidiary, ( MMFSL Group or Component ). The Component recognized
impairment provision for loan assets based on the Expected Credit Loss
( ECL ) approach laid down under Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments .
The estimation of ECL on financial instruments involves significant
management judgement and estimates and the use of different
modelling techniques and assumptions which could have a material
impact on reported profits. Significant management judgement and
assumptions involved in measuring ECL is required with respect to:

ensuring completeness and accuracy of the data used to create
assumptions in the model.

determining the criteria for a significant increase in credit risk.

factoring in future economic assumptions techniques used to
determine probability of default, loss given default and exposure
at default.
Factoring in forward looking scenario-based assessment of evolving
domestic
macroeconomic
factors
regulatory,
geopolitical
developments impacting industry and specific segments.
These parameters are derived from the Component s internally
developed statistical models and other historical data.
The disclosure regarding Component s application of Ind AS 109 are key
to explaining the key judgements and material inputs to the ECL results.
Considering the significance of the above matter to the overall financial
statements and extent of management s estimates and judgements
involved, IT required significant attention. Accordingly, the component
joint auditors of the financial services business have identified this as
a key audit matter.
The audit procedures applied by the component joint auditors included
assessing appropriateness of component management s judgement
and estimates used in the impairment analysis through procedures that
included, but were not limited to, the following:

Obtained an understanding of the modelling techniques adopted by
the Component including the key inputs and assumptions;

Considered the accounting policies for estimation of Expected Credit
Loss on loans and assessing compliance with the policies in terms of
Ind AS 109;

Obtained an understanding of the management s updated processes,
systems and controls implemented in relation to impairment allowance
process.

Accuracy of the computation of the ECL estimate including
reasonableness of the methodology and assumption used to
determine macro-economic overlays;

Tested the design and operating effectiveness of key controls over
completeness and accuracy of the key inputs and assumptions
considered for calculation, recording, monitoring of the impairment
loss recognized and staging of assets;

Assessed the critical assumptions and input data used in the
estimation of Expected Credit Loss models for specific key credit risk
parameters, such as the movement logic between stages, Exposure at
default (EAD), probability of default (PD) or loss given default (LGD);

Evaluated the reports and working for the methodology used in the
computation of Through The Cycle PD, Point In Time PD and LGD,
among others;

Performed test of details over calculation of ECL, in relation to the
completeness and accuracy of the data;

Component joint auditors obtained written representations from
component management and those charged with governance on
whether they believe significant assumptions used in calculation of
expected credit losses are reasonable; and

Assessed the appropriateness and adequacy of the related
presentation and disclosures of Financial Risk Management disclosed
in financial statements in accordance with the applicable accounting
standards.
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Holding Company ) and its subsidiaries
(Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the Group ), its associates and its joint ventures, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet
as at 31 March 2026, and the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), consolidated statement of changes in equity and
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policies and other
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration of reports of the other auditors
on separate/consolidated financial statements of such subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as were audited by the other auditors, the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with
the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group, its associates and joint ventures as at 31 March 2026, of its
consolidated profit and other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are
further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group,
its associates and joint ventures in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in terms of the
Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the relevant provisions of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us along with the consideration of reports of the other auditors referred
to in paragraph (a) of the Other Matters section below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment and based on the consideration of reports of other auditors on separate/consolidated
financial statements of components audited by them, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
a separate opinion on these matters.
Impairment assessment of intangible assets under development in the Automotive Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
See Note 2(h) to consolidated financial statements
The Group has identified its Automotive business segment as a separate
CGU ( Auto CGU ). The Group holds intangible assets under development
and tests its Auto CGU for impairment at least annually.
For the purpose of the impairment test, the Group determines
recoverable value of the Auto CGU which is the higher of Value In
Use (VIU) or Fair Value Less Cost of Disposal (FVLCD). The recoverable
value is dependent on certain assumptions and estimates of future
performance and management s plans for continuation of the projects.
On discontinuing individual projects under development, an impairment
loss relating to the specific project is recognised in the statement of
profit and loss.
Changes in business environment, including market or economic
environment, geopolitical situations and general inflationary trends
could have a significant impact on the valuation of the Auto CGU and
management s plan for specific projects under development. This annual
impairment test is considered to be a key audit matter considering the
significant judgements required in determining the key assumptions.

Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key
controls in respect of the Group s impairment assessment process,

Involved valuation specialists as applicable, to evaluate the
appropriateness of the valuation models including assumptions such
as the discount rates used in VIU calculations;

such as revenue, costs, inflation and growth rates by comparing
these inputs with past performances, consistency with the Board of
Director s approved plans and knowledge of the industry;

Evaluated the stage of development of the intangible assets under
development, judgments used for expected probable economic benefits
and associated expenditures, management plans for continuation of
projects and their assessment of feasibility of the projects.
Independent Auditor s Report to the Members of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Information Technology and General Controls in the financial services business
The component relating to the financial services business ( the
Component ) is highly dependent upon its Information Technology (IT)
systems for carrying out its operations and owing to the significant
volume of transactions that are processed daily basis as part of the
operations, which impacts key financial accounting and reporting. The
Component has put in place the IT General Controls and application
controls to ensure that the information produced by the Component is
complete, accurate and reliable.
Among other things, the Management also uses the information
produced by the entity s IT systems for accounting and preparation and
the presentation of the financial statements. Since the audit strategy
included focus on entity s key IT systems relevant to the audit due to
their potential pervasive impact on the financial statements of financial
services business, the component joint auditors have determined the
use of IT systems and related control environment for accounting and
financial reporting as a key audit matter.
The audit procedures of the component joint auditors of the Component
for assessment of the IT systems and controls over financial reporting,
which includes carrying out the key audit procedures, but were not limited
to the following:

Obtained an understanding of the Component s key IT systems, IT
General Controls which covered access controls, program/ system
changes, program development and computer operations i.e., job
processing, data/ system backup and incident management and
application controls relevant to the audit;

Tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
the general IT controls over the key IT systems that are critical to
financial reporting. This included evaluation of entity s controls to
check segregation of duties and access rights being provisioned /
modified based on duly approved requests, access for exit cases being
revoked in a timely manner and access of all users being recertified
during the period of audit;

Tested application controls (automated controls), relevant to the audit
of loans, expenses, payroll, borrowings and investment among others,
for evaluating completeness and accuracy;

Tested compensating controls or performed alternate procedures
to assess whether there were any unaddressed IT risks that would
impact the controls or completeness and accuracy of data;

Relied on IS and other technology audits conducted during the year;

The
component
joint
auditor
have
obtained
representations wherever considered necessary.
Other Information
The Holding Company s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Holding Company s annual report, but does not include the financial statements and auditor s report thereon. The Holding Company s annual
report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor s report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion
thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above when IT becomes
available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Holding Company s annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the
matter to those charged with governance and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant laws and regulations.
Management s and Board of Directors Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial
statements in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated state of affairs, consolidated profit/ loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group including its associates and joint ventures
in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section
133 of the Act. The respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associates and joint ventures are
responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each company
and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Management and Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, and
of its associates and joint ventures are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board of Directors either intends to liquidate
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, the respective Board of Directors of its associates and joint ventures are
responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of each company.
Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.
Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the
Management and Board of Directors.

Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of
consolidated financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
that may cast significant doubt on the appropriateness of this assumption. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
draw attention in our auditor s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Group and its associates and joint ventures to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the
consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial statements of such entities or business activities within the Group and its
associates and joint ventures to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the
independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such
other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible
for our audit opinion. Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in paragraph (a) of the section titled Other Matters in this audit
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the consolidated financial statements
of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence,
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor s report
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
of such communication.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements of 97 subsidiaries, whose financial statements reflect total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of
Rs 184,402 crores as at 31 March 2026, total revenues (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs 48,086 crores and net cash outflows (before
consolidation adjustments) amounting to Rs 391 crores for the year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements also include the Group s share of net profit after tax (and other comprehensive income) (before consolidation
adjustments) of Rs 551 crores for the year ended 31 March 2026, in respect of 12 associates and 18 joint ventures, whose financial statements
have not been audited by us. These financial statements have been audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the
Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect
of these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, and our report in terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as IT relates to
the aforesaid subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates is based solely on the reports of the other auditors.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified in respect
of the above matter with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors.
The financial statements of 13 subsidiaries, whose financial statements reflect total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs 3,383 crores as at
31 March 2026, total revenues (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs 2,266 crores and net cash inflows (before consolidation adjustments) amounting
to Rs 212 crores for the year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial statements, have not been audited either by us or by
other auditors. The consolidated financial statements also include the Group s share of net profit after tax (and other comprehensive income) (before
consolidation adjustments) of Rs 38 crores for the year ended 31 March 2026, as considered in the consolidated financial statements, in respect of 18
associates and 4 joint ventures, whose financial statements have not been audited by us or by other auditors. These unaudited financial statements have
been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts and disclosures
included in respect of these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, and our report in terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act in so far as
IT relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, is based solely on such unaudited financial statements. In our opinion and according
to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, these financial statements are not material to the Group.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified in respect
of this matter with respect to the financial statements certified by the Management.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central Government of India in terms of Section 143(11)
of the Act, we give in the Annexure A a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. A. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on separate/consolidated
financial statements of such subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as were audited by other auditors, as noted in the Other Matters
paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the
purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have
been kept so far as IT appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors except for the matters stated in
the paragraph 2(B)(f) below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.

The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant
books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the Act.

On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 01 April 2026 and 02 April 2026 taken
on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies, associate
companies and joint ventures incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Group companies, its associate companies and joint ventures
incorporated in India is disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.

The modification relating to the maintenance of accounts and other matters connected therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2(A)(b)
above on reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and paragraph 2(B)(f) below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit
and Auditors) Rules, 2014.

g.
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding Company and its
subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to
our separate Report in Annexure B .
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the
reports of the other auditors on separate/ consolidated financial statements of the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, as noted in the
Other Matters paragraph

The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March 2026 on the consolidated financial position
of the Group, its associates and joint ventures. Refer Note 47 to the consolidated financial statements.

Provision has been made in the consolidated financial statements, as required under the applicable law or Ind AS, for material foreseeable
losses, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts. Refer Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements in respect of such items
as IT relates to the Group, its associates and joint ventures.

There has been no delay in transferring amounts to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Holding Company or its subsidiary
companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India during the year ended 31 March 2026.

The respective management of the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies
incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act have represented to us and the other auditors of such
subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no
funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds)
by the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies to or in any other
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Intermediary shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
on behalf of the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies ( Ultimate
Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

The respective management of the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies
incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act have represented to us and the other auditors of
such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and
belief, no funds have been received by the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture
companies from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Holding Company or any of such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies
shall directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Parties ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

(iii) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances performed by us and that
performed by the auditors of the subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our or the other auditors notice that has caused us or the
other auditors to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain
any material misstatement.

The final dividend paid by the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies incorporated
in India during the year, in respect of the same declared for the previous year, is in accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the extent IT
applies to payment of dividend.

As stated in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its subsidiary
companies, associate companies and joint venture companies incorporated in India have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject
to the approval of the respective members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with Section 123
of the Act to the extent IT applies to declaration of dividend.

Based on our examination which included test checks and that performed by the respective auditors of the subsidiary companies, associate
companies and joint venture companies incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, except for the
instances mentioned below, the Holding Company, its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies have used an
accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has
operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit, except for the
instances mentioned below, we and respective auditors of such subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies
did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, except for the instances mentioned below, where
audit trail (edit log) was enabled and operated in the previous years, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company and above referred
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures as per the statutory requirements for record retention.

-
In case of 3 subsidiaries, for accounting software relating to payroll records, operated by a third-party software service provider, the audit
trail (edit log) facility was not enabled to capture old values for direct data changes made at the database level.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts

-
In case of 1 subsidiary, the accounting software used for maintaining its books of account, which have a feature of recording audit trail
(edit log) facility, has operated throughout the year except for certain tables relating to financial reporting and masters where the same has
been enabled in a phased manner during the year.

-
In case of 1 subsidiary, one accounting software wherein master level logs were enabled from 02 July 2025, eleven accounting software
(including two software migrated during the year) wherein, the audit trail logs were not maintained at database level throughout the year
and two accounting software wherein, the limited audit trail logs were enabled from 02 March 2026 to log direct data changes.

-
In case of 1 subsidiary, the audit trail log was not maintained for direct database changes in respect of two accounting applications for the
period April 2025 to February 2026.

-
For 1 subsidiary, the audit trail was not enabled at the database level to log any direct data changes for one software for the period 01 April
2025 to 07 April 2025 and for logs maintained after 07 April 2025 the earlier values were not retained of direct data changes.

-
In case of 1 joint venture and its subsidiaries, the accounting software used for maintenance of accounting records, including the accounting
software used for Employee Stock Options (ESOP) (for this joint venture and its 1 subsidiary) is operated by third-party software service
provider. In the absence of any information on existence of audit trail (edit logs) for any direct changes made at the database level in the
Independent Service Auditor s Assurance Reports on the Description of Controls, their Design and Operating Effectiveness ( Type 2 report
issued in accordance with SAE 3402, Assurance Reports on Controls at a Service Organization), the respective auditor are unable to comment
on whether audit trail feature with respect to the database of the said software was enabled and operated throughout the year. The audit
trail of the accounting software used for order life cycle management pertaining to financial years from 2023-2024 to 2024-2025 have not
been preserved as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:

In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on the reports of the statutory auditors of such
subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in India which were not audited by us, the remuneration paid during
the current year by the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures to its directors is in accordance
with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act, where applicable. The remuneration paid to any director by the Holding Company and its subsidiary
companies, associate companies and joint ventures is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate
Affairs has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which are required to be commented upon by us.
Place: Mumbai
Date: 05 May, 2026

For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No.: 113156
ICAI UDIN: 26113156LLGHBN5814
Place: Mumbai
Date: 05 May, 2026

For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No.: 113156
ICAI UDIN: 26113156LLGHBN5814
(xxi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following companies incorporated in India and included in the consolidated
financial statements, have adverse remarks given by its respective auditors in their reports under the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 (CARO):
S r.
Name of the entities
CIN
Holding
Company/
Subsidiary/
Joint Venture/
Associate
Clause number of the
CARO report which is
adverse
U02005MH2001PLC131699
Subsidiary
U45200MH1992PLC068846
Subsidiary
Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India Limited
L55101MH1996PLC405715
Subsidiary
3(vii)(a)
U51900MH1978PLC020222
Subsidiary
3(vii)(a) & 3(xvii)
U01403MH2014PTC255946
Subsidiary
L64200MH1986PLC041370
Associate
3(xi)(b)
U72900MH2000PLC129103
Subsidiary
U72300MH2015PTC267700
Joint Venture
3(vii)(a)
In addition to the above, there are certain companies in the Group whose auditors have reported cash losses in the financial year under clause 3(xvii) of the CARO
report. Based on information and explanations provided to us, in our opinion, these observations are not considered adverse in nature and hence not reported
under this clause.
The above does not include comments, if any, in respect of the following entities as the CARO report relating to them has not been issued by its auditor till the
date of principal auditor s report.
Name of the entities
CIN
Subsidiary/ Joint Venture/ Associate
Aquasail Distribution Company Private Limited
U93090MH2006PTC164021
Joint Venture
L51100PN2010PLC136340
Associate
U40300DL2020PTC374527
Associate
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor s Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report of even date)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Opinion
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Holding Company ) as of
and for the year ended 31 March 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding Company and such
companies incorporated in India under the Act which are its subsidiary companies, its associate companies and joint ventures, as of that date.
In our opinion and based on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of subsidiary
companies, associate companies and joint ventures, as were audited by the other auditors, the Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India which are
its subsidiary companies, its associate companies and joint ventures, have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements criteria established by such companies considering the essential components of such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the Guidance Note ).
Management s and Board of Directors Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Company s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements criteria established by the respective company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets,
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
information, as required under the Act.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were established and
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the relevant subsidiary companies, associate
companies and joint ventures in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
A company s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements.
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor s Report on the consolidated financial statements
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3
of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report of even date)
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements insofar as IT relates to 46 subsidiaries, 5 associates and 14 joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding
reports of the auditors of such companies incorporated in India.
The internal financial controls with reference to financial statements insofar as IT relates to 2 associates and 1 joint venture, which are companies incorporated
in India and included in these consolidated financial statements, have not been audited either by us or by other auditors. In our opinion and according to the
information and explanations given to us by the Management, such unaudited associate companies and joint ventures are not material to the Holding Company.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Place: Mumbai
Date: 05 May, 2026

For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No.: 113156
ICAI UDIN: 26113156LLGHBN5814

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment.....................................................................................................................................................................................
29,012.33
25,834.82
Capital work-in-progress....................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,368.02
3,652.56
Goodwill .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,534.77
2,373.90
Other Intangible assets......................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,912.32
6,427.64
Intangible assets under development......................................................................................................................................................................
5,371.51
4,645.08
Investments accounted using equity method....................................................................................................................................................
15,112.02
14,176.68
Financial assets
Investments..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,406.95
5,184.42
Trade receivables......................................................................................................................................................................................................
207.76
256.54
Loans.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
89,180.41
79,607.31
Other financial assets...........................................................................................................................................................................................
8,544.32
2,282.79
Deferred tax assets (net).................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,580.96
1,573.11
Income tax assets (net).....................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,088.81
2,270.77
Other non-current assets.................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,174.84
2,727.38
1,70,495.02
1,51,013.00
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
22,044.11
20,330.93
Financial assets
Investments..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
20,804.87
21,947.47
Trade receivables......................................................................................................................................................................................................
9,064.27
8,279.70
Cash and cash equivalents................................................................................................................................................................................
4,292.24
4,923.89
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents..................................................................................................................
27,686.34
15,690.95
Loans.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
51,137.04
44,644.77
Other financial assets...........................................................................................................................................................................................
4,597.42
3,552.48
Other current assets............................................................................................................................................................................................................
7,350.20
7,203.08
Assets held for sale..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
163.13
-
1,47,139.62
1,26,573.27
TOTAL ASSETS.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,17,634.64
2,77,586.27
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
Equity share capital..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
558.78
558.15
Other equity...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
92,537.57
76,480.71
Equity attributable to owners of the company................................................................................................................................................
93,096.35
77,038.86
Non-controlling interests..................................................................................................................................................................................................
16,394.65
12,059.14
1,09,491.00
89,098.00
LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities
Borrowings....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
73,469.93
79,707.19
Compulsorily convertible preference shares.........................................................................................................................................
2,972.76
4,075.27
Lease liabilities...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,651.83
3,170.14
Other financial liabilities......................................................................................................................................................................................
1,034.76
1,127.76
Provisions.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,582.76
1,982.02
Deferred tax liabilities (net)............................................................................................................................................................................................
1,774.34
1,912.07
Other non-current liabilities............................................................................................................................................................................................
6,558.70
6,191.81
92,045.08
98,166.26
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities
Borrowings....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
56,144.57
41,465.76
Lease liabilities...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
696.82
606.22
Trade payables ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................

Total outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises....................................................................
991.18
926.72

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises.....................
36,897.49
29,928.58
Other financial liabilities......................................................................................................................................................................................
6,290.08
5,542.63
Other current liabilities......................................................................................................................................................................................................
12,287.05
9,818.62
Provisions....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,809.57
1,313.80
Current tax liabilities (net)..............................................................................................................................................................................................
981.80
719.68
1,16,098.56
90,322.01
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES............................................................................................................................................................................
3,17,634.64
2,77,586.27
Consolidated Balance Sheet | as at 31st March, 2026
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M. P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4146)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M. P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4146)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss | for the year ended 31st March, 2026
Rupees crores
INCOME
Revenue from operations...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,97,792.78
1,58,749.75
Income from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures ................................................................................
845.77
461.07
Income from Operations ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,98,638.55
1,59,210.82
Other income .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,445.79
2,181.05
Total Income..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,02,084.34
1,61,391.87
EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,13,553.14
88,111.05
Purchases of stock-in-trade..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,670.45
7,643.85
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress......................................................................................
698.79
(12.18)
Employee benefits expense..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
12,730.62
11,126.17
Finance costs...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
9,590.85
9,083.39
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense..................................................................................................................................................
7,322.02
6,073.65
Loss from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures........................................................................................
581.54
30.84
Other expenses......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
25,424.14
21,792.90
Total expenses.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,78,571.55
1,43,849.67
Profit Before Exceptional Items, share of profit of associates and joint ventures and tax............................................

23,512.79
17,542.20
Exceptional items
(292.94)
-
Profit Before share of profit of associates and joint ventures and tax............................................................................................
23,219.85
17,542.20
Share of profit of associates and joint ventures, (net)..............................................................................................................................................
1,964.91
1,537.42
Profit Before Tax...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
25,184.76
19,079.62
Tax Expense

Current tax
(6,769.35)
(4,851.93)

Deferred tax...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
206.30
(154.52)
Profit for the year............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
18,621.71
14,073.17
Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans....................................................................................................................
(74.47)
(87.52)

Equity instruments through other comprehensive income.........................................................................................
55.69
(46.73)

Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) of equity accounted investees............................................
6.04
1.30

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss..................................................................
22.25
21.90
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign operations...............................
256.43
151.60

Debt instruments through other comprehensive income............................................................................................
(33.46)
111.84

Effective portion of gains / (losses) on designated portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow
hedge (net).....................................................................................................................................................................................................
83.18
(68.83)

Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) of equity accounted investees............................................
517.10
116.27

Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss............................................................................
(29.71)
(19.75)
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)....................................................................................................................................................................
803.05
180.08
Total Comprehensive Income for the year..................................................................................................................................................................
19,424.76
14,253.25
Profit for the year attributable to:....................................................................................................................................................................................
Owners of the company..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17,098.85
12,929.10
Non-controlling interests................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,522.86
1,144.07
18,621.71
14,073.17
Other Comprehensive Income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
Owners of the company..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
719.03
150.86
Non-controlling interests................................................................................................................................................................................................................
84.02
29.22
803.05
180.08
Total Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the company..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17,817.88
13,079.96
Non-controlling interests................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,606.88
1,173.29
19,424.76
14,253.25
Earnings per equity share
(Face value Rs. 5/- per share) (Rupees)
Basic...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
153.10
115.91
Diluted..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
152.18
115.06

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity | for the year ended 31st March, 2026
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity | for the year ended 31st March, 2026 (Continued)
(A) Equity Share Capital
Rupees crores
Particulars
Issued, subscribed and paid up:
Balance as at the beginning of the year..............................................................................
558.15
557.38
Add: Allotment of shares by M&M ESOP Trust to Employees...............................
0.63
0.77
Balance as at the end of the year......................................................................................
558.78
558.15
(B) Other Equity
Rupees crores
Particulars
Attributable to owners of the company
Non-
Total
Reserves and surplus
Total other
Capital
reserve on
Securities
premium
Shares
account
Other
reserves
Retained
earnings
Debt
Equity
Effective
portion of Cash
Flow Hedges
(Refer Note 40
(a) (iii))
Foreign
reserve
As at 1st April, 2025......................................
369.27
2,932.84
308.32

5,253.78
68,007.89
8.24
(295.50)
(131.75)
27.62
76,480.71

12,059.14
88,539.85
Profit for the year............................................
-
17,098.85
-
17,098.85
1,522.86
18,621.71
Other comprehensive income/(loss).............
-
(41.99)
(16.71)
56.75
(55.61)
776.59
719.03
84.02
803.05
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for
the year..............................................................
-
17,056.86
(16.71)
56.75
(55.61)
776.59
17,817.88
1,606.88
19,424.76
Dividend paid on equity shares....................
-
(2,824.93)
-
(2,824.93)
(555.66)
(3,380.59)
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
reclassified to profit or loss (net)................
-
65.77
133.29
199.06
-
199.06
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
reclassified to retained earnings..................
-
(83.67)
-
83.67
-
Transfers from Retained earnings...............
-
299.74
(299.74)
-
Exercise of employee stock options..............
-
124.67
(124.67)
-
Trust to employees..........................................
-
(0.31)
-
(0.31)
-
(0.31)
lapsed ...................................................................
-
(2.10)
2.10
-
Share-based payment to employees..........
-
324.88
-
324.88
-
324.88
On account of business combination
during the year..................................................
2.13
-
2.13
-
2.13
Transactions with non-controlling interest
and changes in group's interest...................
-
536.80
-
1.35
-
538.15
3,284.29
3,822.44
As at 31st March, 2026.......................................
371.40
3,057.20
506.43
5,555.62
82,393.21
(8.47)
(153.73)
(121.59)
937.50
92,537.57
16,394.65 1,08,932.22
Remeasurement income/(loss) (net) on defined benefit plans, net of deferred tax, aggregating to loss of Rs. 41.99 crores (2025 : income of Rs. 68.17 crores) has been recognised during the year as part of Retained earnings.
(B) Other Equity (Continued)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Attributable to owners of the company
Non-
Total
Reserves and surplus
Total other
Capital
reserve on
Securities
premium
Shares
account
Other
reserves
Retained
earnings
Debt
Equity
Effective
portion of Cash
Flow Hedges
(Refer Note 40
(a) (iii))
Foreign
reserve
As at 1st April, 2024......................................
369.27
2,824.90
298.76
5,032.80
57,717.86
(40.57)
(252.70)
(74.09)
(243.06)
65,633.17
11,318.79
76,951.96
Profit for the year............................................
-
12,929.10
-
12,929.10
1,144.07
14,073.17
Other comprehensive income /(loss)...........
-
(68.17)
48.81
(42.80)
(57.66)
270.68
150.86
29.22
180.08
Total comprehensive income /(loss) for
the year..............................................................
-
12,860.93
48.81
(42.80)
(57.66)
270.68
13,079.96
1,173.29
14,253.25
Dividend paid on equity shares....................
-
(2,352.78)
-
(2,352.78)
(457.88)
(2,810.66)
Transfers from Retained earnings...............
-
245.84
(245.84)
-
Transfers to Retained earnings....................
-
(28.12)
28.12
-
Exercise of employee stock options..............
-
108.32
(108.32)
-
Trust to employees..........................................
-
(0.38)
-
(0.38)
-
(0.38)
lapsed ...................................................................
-
(3.26)
3.26
-
Share-based payment to employees..........
-
121.14
-
121.14
-
121.14
Transactions with non-controlling interest
and changes in group's interest...................
-
(0.40)
-
(0.40)
24.94
24.54
As at 31st March, 2025.......................................
369.27
2,932.84
308.32
5,253.78
68,007.89
8.24
(295.50)
(131.75)
27.62
76,480.71
12,059.14
88,539.85

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
(C) Other reserves
Rupees crores
Particulars
Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Capital
Reserve
Debenture
Redemption
Reserve
General
Reserve
Statutory
Reserve
Total
As at 1st April, 2025......................................................................
68.72
23.52
50.64
3,157.39
1,953.51
5,253.78
Transfer from retained earnings...............................................
-
299.74
On account of employee stock options lapsed..............
-
2.10
-
2.10
As at 31st March, 2026................................................................
68.72
23.52
50.64
3,159.49
2,253.25
5,555.62
As at 1st April, 2024......................................................................
73.69
23.52
73.79
3,154.13
1,707.67
5,032.80
Transfer from retained earnings...............................................
-
245.84
Transfer to retained earnings.....................................................
(4.97)
-
(23.15)
-
(28.12)
On account of employee stock options lapsed..............
-
3.26
-
3.26
As at 31st March, 2025................................................................
68.72
23.52
50.64
3,157.39
1,953.51
5,253.78
(D) Notes

The Company has reduced the Share capital by Rs. 10.37 crores (2025: Rs. 10.69 crores) and Securities premium by Rs. 182.94 crores (2025:
Rs. 182.94 crores) for the 2,07,44,414 shares of Rs. 5 each (2025: 2,13,72,521 shares of Rs. 5 each) held by the M&M ESOP Trust pending
transfer to the eligible employees.

The Company has also reduced the Share capital by Rs. 21.12 crores (2025: Rs. 21.12 crores) and Retained earnings by Rs. 1,168.20 crores
(2025: Rs. 1,168.20 crores) for 4,22,35,214 shares of Rs. 5 each (2025: 4,22,35,214 shares of Rs. 5 each) held by M&M Benefit Trust.

The share capital of the Company has also been reduced and the Securities premium increased by Rs. 31.49 crores (2025: Rs. 31.80 crores) for
2,07,44,413 bonus shares of Rs. 5 each (2025: 2,13,72,521 bonus shares of Rs. 5 each) issued by the Company to M&M ESOP Trust and for 4,22,35,214
bonus shares of Rs. 5 each (2025: 4,22,35,214 bonus shares of Rs. 5 each) issued by the Company to M&M Benefit Trust in December, 2017.
(E) Description of the nature and purpose of reserves

Capital reserve

Capital reserve represents receipt of Government grants from a package of incentive given by Government for setting up / extension of plants in
specified areas.

Capital reserve on consolidation

Gain on bargain purchase, i.e., excess of fair value of net assets acquired over the fair value of consideration in a business combination or on
acquisition of interest in associate is recognised as capital reserve on consolidation.

Securities premium

Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The fair value of employee stock options is recognised in securities premium
once the shares have been allotted on exercise of the options.

General reserve

The general reserve comprises of transfer of profits from retained earnings for appropriation purposes. The reserve can be distributed / utilised by
the Company in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013.

Retained earnings

Retained earnings comprises of accumulated balance of profits/(losses) of current and prior years including transfers made to / from other reserves
from time to time. The reserve can be utilised or distributed by the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

Debenture redemption reserve

Debenture redemption reserve is a statutory reserve (as per Companies Act, 2013) created out of profits of the company available for payment of dividend
for the purpose of redemption of debentures issued by the Company. On completion of redemption, the reserve is transferred to retained earnings.

(vii) Share option outstanding account

The share option outstanding account represents reserve in respect of equity settled share options granted to the Company s employees in
pursuance of the employee stock option plan.

(viii) Statutory reserve

Statutory reserve has been created pursuant to section 45- IC of the RBI Act,1934 and section 29C of the National Housing Act, 1987.

(ix) Capital redemption reserve

Capital redemption reserve was created against redemption of preference shares.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity | for the year ended 31st March, 2026 (Continued)
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M. P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4146)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows | for the year ended 31st March, 2026
Rupees crores
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit Before exceptional items, share of profit of associates and joint ventures and tax..........................................................
23,512.79
17,542.20
Adjustments for
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense..........................................................................................................................................
7,322.02
6,073.65
Loss/(Gain) on foreign exchange fluctuation and other adjustments (net).........................................................................................
584.98
44.60
(Gain)/Loss on fair valuation of compulsorily convertible preference shares....................................................................................
(83.64)
(18.18)
Income from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures...........................................................................
(845.77)
(461.07)
Loss from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.................................................................................
581.54
30.84
Dividend on investments and interest income [excluding Rs. 18,848.53 crores (2025 : Rs. 16,886.59 crores)
in respect of financial services business].....................................................................................................................................................................
(1,771.44)
(1,242.50)
Finance costs [excluding Rs. 8,919.26 crores (2025 : Rs. 8,401.88 crores) in respect of financial services business]
671.59
681.51
Equity-settled share-based payment expenses.......................................................................................................................................................
342.88
120.15
Gain on financial instruments measured at fair value (net)...........................................................................................................................
(1,304.82)
(388.15)
Gain on property, plant and equipment sold / scrapped / written off (net).......................................................................................
(71.66)
(333.21)
5,425.68
4,507.64
Operating profit before working capital changes........................................................................................................................................................
28,938.47
22,049.84
Changes in
Trade and other receivables
(3,515.76)
(3,781.89)
Financial services receivable
(15,670.22)
(17,170.29)
Inventories
(592.90)
(1,646.35)
Trade and other payables and provisions
8,763.19
8,485.19
(11,015.69)
(14,113.34)
Cash generated from operations.............................................................................................................................................................................................
17,922.78
7,936.50
Income taxes paid (net) ................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(6,265.42)
(4,760.69)
Net cash flow from operating activities......................................................................................................................................................................
11,657.36
3,175.81
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Payment to acquire property, plant & equipment and other intangible assets....................................................................................
(9,605.45)
(10,391.95)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant & equipment and other intangible assets..............................................................................
493.43
582.96
Payment to acquire investments............................................................................................................................................................................................
(141,517.66)
(90,594.98)
Proceeds from sale of investments......................................................................................................................................................................................
144,887.23
85,257.15
Interest received (excluding financial services business).......................................................................................................................................
1,559.15
883.90
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates..........................................................................................................................................
1,278.48
1,364.65
Dividends received from others...............................................................................................................................................................................................
8.99
9.55
Proceeds from capital reduction/ buy back of shares by joint venture......................................................................................................
-
59.71
Bank deposits placed (including earmarked and margin account with banks)......................................................................................
(30,981.40)
(15,159.50)
Bank deposits matured (including earmarked and margin account with banks)..................................................................................
15,869.93
9,074.76
Inter corporate deposits placed...............................................................................................................................................................................................
(609.39)
(471.00)
Inter corporate deposits refunded.........................................................................................................................................................................................
296.30
227.00
Purchase of investment in joint ventures and associates.....................................................................................................................................
(784.72)
(29.10)
Purchase consideration paid for acquisition of subsidiaries net of cash acquired..............................................................................
(885.43)
-
Consideration received on disposal of subsidiaries....................................................................................................................................................
624.68
-
Consideration received on disposal (including partial sale of investment) of associates and joint ventures..................
1,658.47
560.74
Net cash flow used in investing activities.................................................................................................................................................................
(17,707.39)
(18,626.11)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of shares to employees by ESOP trust............................................................................................................................
0.62
0.73
Proceeds from borrowings...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
79,722.12
82,589.64
Repayments of borrowings..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
(72,288.11)
(64,227.06)
Net change in loans repayable on demand and cash credit................................................................................................................................
198.98
(462.16)
Proceeds from issue of compulsorily convertible preference shares...........................................................................................................
-
2,050.00
Repayment of lease liabilities (including interest)......................................................................................................................................................
(967.06)
(887.11)
Dividends paid (including payment of unclaimed dividends)...............................................................................................................................
(2,820.65)
(2,348.55)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests.......................................................................................................................................................................
(555.66)
(457.88)
Transactions with non-controlling interests....................................................................................................................................................................
2,444.76
12.47
Interest, commitment and finance charges paid (excluding financial services business)................................................................
(343.96)
(435.97)
Net cash flow from financing activities .....................................................................................................................................................................
5,391.04
15,834.11
NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (A+B+C)....................................................................................
(658.99)
383.81
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year............................................................................................................................
4,923.89
4,530.10
Cash and cash equivalents related to disposal of subsidiaries.........................................................................................................................
(87.10)
-
Unrealised gain /(loss) on foreign currency cash and cash equivalents (net)........................................................................................
114.44
9.98
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Refer note 16)..................................................................................................
4,292.24
4,923.89
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 31st March, 2026.
The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Ind AS 7-Statement of Cash Flows.
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M. P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No: 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director (DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4146)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
1.
General Information

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ( the Company ) is a limited company incorporated in India. The address of its registered office and principal activities of the
Company are disclosed in the introduction to the Annual Report.

The Ordinary (Equity) shares of the Company are listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ( NSE ) and BSE Limited ( BSE ) in India. The Global
Depository Receipts (GDRs) of the Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are also admitted for trading on International Order Book
(IOB) of London Stock Exchange. The Company s privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) are listed on the Debt Segment of BSE.
2.
Material accounting policy information

Statement of compliance and basis of preparation and presentation

These consolidated financial statements of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and its subsidiaries ( the Group or Mahindra Group ) have been prepared
in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and notified under
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) and other relevant provisions of the Act.

These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Company s Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 5th May, 2026.

Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that are measured
at fair values in accordance with Ind AS.

(c) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The Group assesses if IT has acquired control, joint control or significant influence over an investee based on shareholding, voting power, composition
of board, rights under shareholder agreements and other facts and circumstances of each case which involves use of judgment.

Subsidiaries are consolidated on a line-by-line basis from the date the control is transferred to the Group. Investment in associates and joint
ventures are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost. These financial statements are prepared
by applying uniform accounting policies in use at the Group.

Changes in the Group s interest in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted as equity transactions. In case of loss of control
of a subsidiary, the gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. The fair value of any investment retained at the date when control is lost is regarded
as the cost on initial recognition of investment in an associate or jointly controlled entity or as the fair value on initial recognition of investment
classified as a financial asset, as the case may be.

(d) Measurement of fair values

A number of Group s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial assets and
liabilities. The Group has established policies and procedures with respect to the measurement of fair values.

Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:

-
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

-
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.

-
Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions, that affect
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses at the date of these financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in
which the estimate is revised and future periods affected.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty, critical judgments and assumptions at the date of financial statements which may cause a material adjustment
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are in respect of the below:

Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets - refer note 2(f) and note 2(g).

(ii) Provision for product warranties - refer note 2(q) and note 23.

(iii) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities and investments - refer note 40(d).

(iv) Impairment of tangible and intangible assets including goodwill and investments - refer note 2(h).

(v) Impairment of financial services receivable - refer note 40 (b)(iii).
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | for the year ended 31st March, 2026

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts

(vi) Classification of investment as subsidiary, associate or joint venture - refer note 2(c).

(vii) Recoverability of deferred tax asset on unabsorbed losses - refer note 2(p) and note 13.

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment, if
any.

Cost includes financing cost relating to borrowed funds attributable to the construction or acquisition of qualifying tangible assets upto the date
the assets are ready for use.

Depreciation is provided on straight-line basis for property, plant and equipment so as to expense the depreciable amount, i.e. the cost less
estimated residual value, over its estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and the effect of
any changes in estimate is accounted for on a prospective basis.

The management s estimate of useful lives are in accordance with Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, other than the following asset classes,
based on the Group s expected usage pattern supported by technical assessment:
Asset Class
Useful lives
Plant and equipment
2-25 years
Buildings, including roads
3-60 years
(iii) Vehicles
2-10 years

(g) Goodwill and Intangible assets

Goodwill

Goodwill is initially recognised as the excess of consideration paid/payable over acquirer s interest in the fair value of the identifiable net assets of
the acquired business. Subsequent to initial measurement, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment, if any. Goodwill is allocated
to the cash-generating unit which is expected to benefit from the business combination.

Intangible assets

The Group expenses costs incurred during research phase to profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred. Development phase expenses
are initially recognised as intangible assets under development until the development phase is complete, upon which the amount is capitalised as
intangible assets.

Other intangible assets

Intangible assets are initially recognised at cost except those acquired in a business combination. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value on the acquisition date which is regarded as their cost. Subsequent
to initial recognition, intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortised on a straight line basis so as to reflect the pattern in which the asset s
economic benefits are consumed and are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

The other intangible assets are amortised over the estimated period of benefit as below:
Asset Class
Useful lives
Development expenditure
3-5 years
Computer software
3-10 years
(iii) Brand license fee and trademarks
6-30 years
(iv) Technical knowhow
3-10 years
Others (excluding Transferable Development Rights)
2-30 years

The amortisation period for intangible assets are reviewed annually and changes in expected useful lives are treated as changes in estimates.

(h)
Impairment of assets

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets and investments in associates
and joint ventures to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to sell, of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may
be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised and the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.

In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value. When IT is not possible to estimate the
recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
2.

Except for goodwill, when an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit is increased to
the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) earlier.

Goodwill, intangible assets and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually and whenever there is an
indication that the asset may be impaired.

Inventories

Inventories are carried at cost or net realisable value whichever is lower. Cost is determined on the basis of the weighted average method and
comprises of all cost of purchase, conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

(j)
Foreign exchange transactions and translation

The functional currency of the Company and its Indian subsidiaries is Indian Rupees whereas the functional currency of foreign subsidiaries is the
currency of the primary economic environment in which the respective entity operates.

Transactions in foreign currencies are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting
period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency using exchange rates prevailing at that date.
Non-monetary items measured at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date when the
fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated. Exchange
differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for exchange differences on transactions
entered into in order to hedge certain foreign currency risks (refer policy on Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting).

For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group s foreign operations are translated
into Indian Rupees using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the
transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (and attributed
to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group s entire interest in a foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of control over
a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign
operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation
attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation that does not result in the Group losing control over
the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in
profit or loss. For all other partial disposal (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the Group losing significant
influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

(k)
Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue
of financial assets or financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss) are added
to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or
loss. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

Classification and subsequent measurement

Financial assets

All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. All recognised financial assets are
subsequently measured at either amortised cost or fair value depending on their respective classification.

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at:

-
Amortised cost - debt instrument; or

-
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) - debt instrument; or

-
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) - equity instrument; or

-
Fair Value through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
2.

The classification of debt instrument as amortised cost or FVTOCI is based on the business model and cash flow characteristics of such instrument.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except if the Group changes its business model for managing financial
assets.

A financial asset not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI is measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets unless
designated as effective hedge instruments which are accounted as per hedge accounting requirements discussed below.

For equity investments other than investments in associates and joint ventures, the Group makes an election on an instrument-by-instrument basis
to designate equity investments as measured at FVTOCI. These elected investments are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from
changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the reserves. The cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified
to profit or loss on disposal of the investments. These equity investments are not held for trading. Dividend income received on such equity
investments are recognised in profit or loss.

Equity investments that are not designated to be measured at FVTOCI are designated to be measured at FVTPL and subsequent changes in fair
value are recognised in profit or loss.

Where the Group is a holder of a financial instrument that is a hybrid instrument or a compound instrument, such financial instrument is assessed
in its entirety and the financial asset as a whole is measured at FVTPL if the contractual cash flow characteristics test is not met.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Debt and equity instruments issued by the Group are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the
contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

Equity instruments issued by the Group is recognised at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if IT is classified as held-for-
trading or IT is a derivative (that does not meet hedge accounting requirements) or IT is designated as such on initial recognition.

Compound instruments

An issued financial instrument that comprises of both the liability and equity components are accounted as compound financial instruments i.e.
split into debt and equity components. The transaction costs related to compound instruments are allocated to the liability and equity components
in the proportion to the allocation of gross proceeds. Transaction costs related to equity component is recognised directly in equity and the cost
related to liability component is included in the carrying amount of the liability component and amortised using effective interest method.

Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or IT transfers the rights
to receive the contractual cash flows from financial asset in a manner that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are
transferred to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to
control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for the amount IT may have to pay.

If the Group enters into transactions whereby IT transfers assets recognised on its balance sheet, but retains either all or substantially all of
the risks and rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets are not derecognised and the proceeds received are recognised as a
collateralised borrowing / other financial liability.

Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the balance sheet when, and only when, the Group currently has
a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and IT intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
simultaneously.

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

The Group enters into derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate swaps, to manage its exposure
to foreign exchange and interest rate risks. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of
Ind AS 109 are treated as separate derivatives when their risks and economic characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts
and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the
end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective
as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship and the
nature of the hedged item.

The Group designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives in respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or cash
flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on firm commitments/ highly probable forecast transactions are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
2.

At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with
its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an
ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the
hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

Impairment of financial assets

The Group applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for recognising impairment loss on financial assets.

With respect to trade receivables, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.

For financial services business, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
If the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that
financial instrument at an amount equal to 12 month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition. 12 month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.

For financial services business, Management overlay is used to adjust the ECL allowance in circumstances where management judges that the
existing inputs, assumptions and model techniques do not capture all the risk factors relevant to the Company s lending portfolios. Emerging local or
global macroeconomic, micro economic or political events, and natural disasters that are not incorporated into the current parameters, risk ratings,
or forward looking information are examples of such circumstances. The use of management overlay may impact the amount of ECL recognized.

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery.
This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash
flows to repay the amounts subject to the write- off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities
under the Group s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

(l)
Revenue recognition

Sale of Goods or Services

Revenue from sale of goods are recognised upon satisfaction of performance obligation which is at a point in time, generally on delivery of the
goods, when control of the goods is transferred to dealers/ customers. Revenue from services are recognised upon satisfaction of performance
obligation towards rendering of such services.

The Group recognises revenue from sale of goods or services at the amount of transaction price (excluding variable consideration that is constrained),
that is allocated to the performance obligation satisfied. Transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Group expects IT to be
entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

An amount of consideration can vary because of discounts, rebates, incentives etc. which are explicitly stated in the contract or are as per
customary business practices. The consideration can also vary where the entitlement is contingent on occurrence or non-occurrence of a future
event. The Group includes variable consideration as part of transaction price only to the extent that IT is highly probable that a significant reversal
in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
resolved. Variable consideration is estimated using the expected value method or the most likely amount depending on which method the Group
expects to better predict the amount of consideration to which IT will be entitled and is applied consistently throughout the contract.

Payment terms agreed with a customer are as per business practice and the financing component, if significant, is separated from the transaction
price and accounted as interest income/expense, as applicable.

Dividend and interest income

Dividend from investments are recognised in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.

Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when IT is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of income
can be measured reliably.

Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

Income from financial services business

Recognition of interest income on loans

Interest income is recognised in Consolidated Statement of profit and loss using the effective interest method for all financial instruments
measured at amortised cost, debt instruments measured at FVTOCI and debt instruments designated at FVTPL.

If expectations regarding the cash flows on the financial asset are revised for reasons other than credit risk, the adjustment is recorded as
a positive or negative adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset in the balance sheet with an increase or reduction in interest income.
The adjustment is subsequently amortised through interest income in the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
2.

When a financial asset becomes credit-impaired, the Group calculates interest income on the amortised cost net of impairment loss on financial
assets at EIR. If financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, the Group reverts to calculating interest income on a gross basis (amortised cost).

Additional interest levied on customers for delay in repayments/ non payment of contractual cashflows is recognised on realisation. Interest
on trade advances, are recognized when they become measurable and when IT is not unreasonable to expect their ultimate collection.

Income from bill discounting is recognised over the tenure of the instrument so as to provide a constant periodic rate of return.

Recognition of interest income on securitised loans

The Group securitises certain pools of loan receivables in accordance with applicable RBI guidelines, wherein by virtue of existence of credit
enhancement, the Group is exposed to credit risk, being the expected losses that will be incurred on the transferred loan receivables to the
extent of the credit enhancement provided.

In view of the above, the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset and thereby does not
meet the de-recognition criteria as set out in Ind AS 109. Consideration received in this transaction is presented as Associated liability related
to Securitisation transactions and the loan receivables securitised are continued to be reflected as loan assets. These loan assets are carried
at amortised cost and the interest income is recognised by applying the EIR to the gross carrying amount of financial assets other than credit-
impaired assets.

Subvention income

Subvention income received from manufacturer / dealers at the inception of the loan contracts which is directly attributable to individual
loan contracts in respect of vehicles financed is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method over the tenor of such loan
contracts measured at amortised cost. In case of subvention income which is subject to confirmation from manufacturer and received later
than inception date is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss using straight line method over the tenor of such loan contracts.

Fees, charges and commission income

Service and administration charges income towards rendering of additional services to its loan customers is recognised at point in time upon
satisfactory completion of service delivery.

Fees and commission that are not directly linked to the sourcing of financial assets are recognised at point in time on an accrual basis when the
right to receive the same is established.

Distribution income is earned by distribution of services and products of other entities under distribution arrangements. The income so earned is
recognised on successful distribution on behalf of other entities subject to there being no significant uncertainty of its recovery from the other
entities.

Foreclosure charges are collected from loan customers for early payment/closure of loan and are recognised on realisation.

Collection fee related to transferred assets under securitisation transactions is recognised on remittance of collection proceeds to Special Purpose
Vehicle (SPV) created under securitization transaction.

Long term construction contracts and property development activity

Some of the Group companies are in the business to develop and sell residential and commercial properties. Revenue from such contracts is
recognised when control over the property has been transferred to the customer. An enforceable right to payment does not arise until the
development of the property is completed. Therefore, revenue is recognised at a point in time as per Ind AS 115 when

-
The seller has transferred to the buyer all significant risks and rewards of ownership and the seller retains no effective control of the real
estate unit to a degree usually associated with ownership,

-
The seller has effectively handed over possession of the real estate unit to the buyer forming part of the transaction;

-
No significant uncertainty exists regarding the amount of consideration that will be derived from real estate unit sales; and

-
IT is not unreasonable to expect ultimate collection of revenue from buyers. The revenue is measured at the transaction price agreed under
the contract.

Some of the Group companies invoices the customers for construction contracts based on achieving performance-related milestones.

For certain contracts involving the sale of property under development, deferred payment schemes are offered to the customers. The transaction
price is adjusted for the effects of the significant financing component.

Costs to obtain contracts ( Contract costs ) relate to fees paid for obtaining property sales contracts. Such costs are recognised as assets when
incurred and amortised upon recognition of revenue from the related property sale contract.

The related costs of property development activity of real estate business is reported as cost of projects under other expenses

Contract assets is the Group s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer when that
right is conditioned on something other than the passage of time.

Some of the Group companies recognise revenue at a point in time in each reporting period considering the estimates like reasonableness of
collections from customers, disputes with the customer which may result in the cancellation of the contract, which are reassessed periodically by
the management. The effect of these changes to estimates is recognised in the period when changes are determined.

Income from Sale of land and other rights

Revenue from sale of land and other rights is generally a single performance obligation and the Group has determined that this is satisfied at the
point in time when control transfers as per the terms of the contract entered into with the buyers, which generally are with the firmity of the sale
contracts / agreements.

Land Lease Premium

Land lease premium is recognised as income upon creation of leasehold rights in favour of the lessee or upon an agreement to create leasehold
rights with handing over of possession. Property lease rentals, income from operation & maintenance charges and water charges are recognised on
an accrual basis as per terms of the agreement with the lessees.

Vacation ownership

The Group s business is to sell vacation ownership and provide holiday facilities to members for a specified period each year, over a number of years.
Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured at the amount of transaction price allocated to that performance obligation.

Revenue from sale of vacation ownership weeks is recognized when related right to use the specific property over the specific weeks is transferred
to the buyer for a consideration, which coincides with transfer of significant risks, rewards and control of ownership.

Income from sale of vacation ownership weeks in villas under construction is deferred until the point in time when construction activities are
deemed to be completed, occupancy of the development is permissible, customer has executed a binding sales contract, collectability is reasonably
assured, the purchaser s period to cancel for a refund has expired and the customer has the right to use. Project revenue and contract costs
associated with the contract are recognised on completion of the performance obligations as mentioned above.

Revenue from Membership fees

For vacation ownership business, the Group recognises the membership fees over the tenure of membership as the performance obligation is
fulfilled over the tenure of membership (33 years / 25 years / 10 years or any other tenure applicable to the respective member). The group
recognises revenue on a straight line basis over the tenure of membership after considering the expected customer unexercised rights from date of
admission of each member. The revenue which will be recognised in future periods are disclosed under other liabilities - contract liability - deferred
revenue - vacation ownership. Revenue from consumer offers and other benefits provided on membership are recognised as and when such benefits
are provided to members at its respective fair value.

Income from resorts includes income from room rentals, food and beverages, etc. and is recognised when services are rendered
and includes revenue relating to complimentary breakfast as recognised evenly over the period for which benefit is offered.
Discounts and other incentives provided to the customer s are reduced from the overall contract value.

Deferred Acquisition Cost

Incremental costs of acquisition of the members are deferred over the period of effective membership in line with revenue deferral. Incremental
costs are those that would not have been incurred if the contract was not obtained. Such cost which will be amortised in the future period are
disclosed under deferred acquisition cost.

Revenue is recognised only when IT is probable that economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group. Revenue with
respect to instalments/ contracts where there is an uncertainty about collectability, is deferred (even though the membership is not cancelled). The
estimation of such revenues where there is uncertainty in collection has been made by the Group based on past trends of year-wise cancellation
of memberships and considering factors impacting future collections.

Revenue from Annual subscription fees

Annual subscription fee dues from members are recognised as income on accrual basis and fees pertaining to the period beyond the date of balance
sheet is grouped under Contract Liabilities and payment is due as per due date mentioned in invoice.

Interest income on deferred payment plans

Interest revenue is recognised only to the extent that a contract asset (or receivable) or a contract liability is recognised in accounting for a
contract with the customer.
2.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
2.

Resort Income

Income from resorts include income from room rentals, food and beverages, etc. and is recognized when services are rendered.

Rental income

Rental income from retail premises in case of HCR Oy are recognized on a straight line basis over the rental period.

(m) Government grants

The Group, directly or indirectly through a consortium of Mahindra Group companies, is entitled to various incentives from government
authorities. Government grants are recognised when there is a reasonable assurance that the same will be received and all attached conditions will
be complied with.

Government grants that are revenue in nature, are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises
as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

Government grants that are capital in nature, are reduced from the cost of an asset and are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over
the useful life of the asset.

(n)
Employee benefits

Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund

The Group s contribution paid / payable during the year to Superannuation Fund, ESIC and Labour Welfare Fund are recognised in profit or loss.

Provident Fund

Contributions to Provident Fund are made to a Trust administered by the Company/Regional Provident Fund Commissioners and are charged to
profit or loss as incurred. The Group is liable for the contribution and any shortfall in interest between the amount of income earned by the Trust
and the interest payable to members at the rate declared by the Government of India in respect of the Trust administered by the Group and the
same is recognised in profit or loss. The remeasurement based on actuarial valuation is recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).

Gratuity, long term compensated absences, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes

The liability towards gratuity, long term compensated absences, post retirement medical benefit and post retirement housing allowance schemes
are determined by independent actuaries, using the projected unit credit method.

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans, comprising of actuarial gains or losses, return on plan assets excluding interest income are recognised
immediately in balance sheet with corresponding debit or credit to other comprehensive income. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or
loss in subsequent period.

Remeasurement gains or losses on long term compensated absences that are classified as other long term benefits are recognised in profit or loss.

Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are recognised immediately in the
Statement of Profit and Loss as past service cost.

Share based payments

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. The fair value
determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the
Group s estimate of the number of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity.

Share appreciation rights which are cash settled share-based payments are recognised as employee benefit expense over the relevant service
period. The liabilities are remeasured to fair value at each reporting date.

(o)
Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial
period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready
for their intended use or sale except for the period the construction activities are temporarily suspended. All other borrowing costs are recognised
in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

(p)
Income taxes

Current tax

The Company s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The
current income tax expense for subsidiaries has been computed based on the tax laws applicable to each subsidiary in the respective jurisdiction
in which IT operates.
2.

Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset, if entity has a legally enforceable right to set off recognised amounts and intends to settle
on net basis or to realise the current tax asset and settle the current tax liabilities simultaneously.

Deferred tax

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset
realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement
of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of
the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax
liabilities, and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

Deferred tax assets including that on unused tax losses and unused tax credits are recognised to the extent that IT is probable and there is
convincing evidence that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences could be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised for temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
arrangements to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and IT is probable that they
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that IT is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

(q)
Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, IT is probable that the Group
will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision
is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks
and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When provision is measured using the cash flow estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying
amount is the present value of these cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

Provisions for the expected cost of warranty obligations are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, at the best estimate of the
expenditure required to settle the Group s obligation. The provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current
best estimate.

(r)
Leases

The Group as a lessee

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost

The right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the asset s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted using the interest rate
implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using the incremental borrowing rate.

IT is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group s
estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether IT will exercise
a purchase, extension or termination option.

When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over
the lease term.

The Group as a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, IT determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance
lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, IT accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. The sublease is classified as a
finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.

The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight- line basis over the lease term.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
2.

(s)
Business combinations

Business Combination under common control are accounted under the pooling of interest method i.e. in accordance with Appendix C in Ind AS 103 -
Business combinations, at carrying amount of assets and liabilities acquired and any excess of consideration issued over the net assets acquired is
recognised as capital reserve on common control business combination.

The Group accounts for business combinations that are not under common control under acquisition method of accounting. The acquiree s identifiable
assets including liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the condition for recognition are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Non-controlling interest is initially measured at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree s identifiable net assets. The choice of
measurement basis is made on an acquisition by acquisition basis. Subsequent to initial acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interest
is the amount of those interest in initial recognition plus the non-controlling interest s share of subsequent changes in equity of subsidiaries.

When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to its acquisition-date
fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss.

If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group
reports provisional amount for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amount are adjusted during the measurement
period (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information
obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amount recognised at that date.

In consolidated financial statements, acquisition of non-controlling interest is accounted as equity transaction. The carrying amount of the Group s
interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between
the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in
equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

(t)
Acquisition of interest in associate and joint ventures

Acquisition of interest in an associate or a joint venture, is initially recognised at cost. Any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group s
share of the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is regarded as goodwill, which is included in the carrying amount of
the investment. Any excess of the Group s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
reassessment, is recognised in equity as capital reserve in the period in which the investment is acquired.

(u)
Non-current assets held for sale

Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction
rather than through continuing use. Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying
value and fair value less costs to sell.

Hyperinflationary economies

The Turkish economy has been designated as hyperinflationary. Accordingly, financial statements of group entities whose functional currency is
Turkish Lira have been prepared applying Ind AS 29 - Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies . This primarily involves (i) restatement
of non-monetary assets and liabilities measured at historical cost in the balance sheet and all items of income and expenses in the statement of
profit and loss, using the general price index at the balance sheet date, and (ii) recording gain or loss on net monetary position in profit or loss.
3.
Recent accounting pronouncements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
Rules as issued from time to time. During the year, the MCA has issued an amendment for removal of carve-out under Ind AS 1, Presentation of financial
statements relating to classification of liabilities subject to covenants breach which is applicable with effect from 01 April 2026. The Company has
reviewed the new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has determined that IT does not have any significant impact in its financial statements.
4.
Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment comprise of owned assets and right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of Investment property.
Rupees crores
Particulars
(a) Owned assets ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
24,556.35
21,879.47
(b) Right-of-use assets........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,455.98
3,955.35
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
29,012.33
25,834.82

Owned assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Land
Buildings
Leasehold
Improvements
Plant and
Furniture and
Vehicles
Aircraft
Office
Total
COST
Balance as at 1st April, 2024.....................................................
1,307.12
7,056.10
69.70
26,871.64
1,002.88
1,152.80
57.22
466.76
37,984.22
Additions/Transfer from capital work-in-progress during
the year..........................................................................................................
6.60
871.22
9.77
5,580.62
139.35
337.62
205.99
55.57
7,206.74
(1.50)
13.94
1.13
(52.40)
3.37
1.12
-
0.55
(33.79)
(29.24)
(27.62)
(1.01)
(424.48)
(43.56)
(261.14)
(57.22)
(44.38)
(888.65)
29.11
29.09
0.58
168.85
7.74
0.33
-
235.70
Balance as at 31st March, 2025..............................................
1,312.09
7,942.73
80.17
32,144.23
1,109.78
1,230.73
205.99
478.50
44,504.22
Balance as at 1st April, 2025.....................................................
1,312.09
7,942.73
80.17
32,144.23
1,109.78
1,230.73
205.99
478.50
44,504.22
Additions/Transfer from capital work-in-progress during
the year..........................................................................................................
120.55
559.55
43.42
5,516.64
146.92
395.90
0.31
68.83
6,852.12
Acquisitions through business combinations........................
102.96
150.61
3.02
256.78
3.48
3.33
-
0.73
520.91
Foreign exchange translation differences...............................
13.02
75.40
5.71
22.40
10.92
7.66
-
3.11
138.22
(51.72)
(81.77)
(6.36)
(511.70)
(39.77)
(310.42)
-
(21.65)
(1,023.39)
Disposal of subsidiaries........................................................................
-
(10.92)
(67.08)
(1.90)
(0.56)
-
(0.41)
(80.87)
30.62
26.65
0.87
155.97
7.00
0.58
-
221.69
Capital subsidy...........................................................................................
-
(59.77)
-
(483.84)
-
(543.61)
Reclassified as held for sale............................................................
(163.13)
-
(163.13)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026..............................................
1,364.39
8,613.40
115.91
37,033.40
1,236.43
1,327.22
206.30
529.11
50,426.16

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Particulars
Land
Buildings
Leasehold
Improvements
Plant and
Furniture and
Vehicles
Aircraft
Office
Total
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT
Balance as at 1st April, 2024.....................................................
67.60
2,114.28
42.70
16,350.46
649.72
596.20
51.34
350.01
20,222.31
Depreciation expense for the year ...........................................
-
237.09
7.81
2,422.60
100.85
174.59
6.08
40.05
2,989.07
2.83
10.59
0.76
(24.43)
2.09
(1.61)
-
0.46
(9.31)
-
(11.86)
(1.01)
(397.29)
(39.58)
(171.28)
(53.26)
(39.80)
(714.08)
Impairment losses during the year ...........................................
-
20.50
-
57.67
11.90
0.26
-
0.15
90.48
-
3.36
0.12
41.09
1.63
0.08
-
46.28
Balance as at 31st March, 2025..............................................
70.43
2,373.96
50.38
18,450.10
726.61
598.24
4.16
350.87
22,624.75
Balance as at 1st April, 2025.....................................................
70.43
2,373.96
50.38
18,450.10
726.61
598.24
4.16
350.87
22,624.75
Depreciation expense for the year ...........................................
-
261.95
10.37
2,827.85
101.31
199.06
9.80
48.57
3,458.91
2.45
46.38
3.72
28.64
7.47
4.34
-
2.76
95.76
-
(32.15)
(3.52)
(447.47)
(31.21)
(210.33)
-
(19.94)
(744.62)
Disposal of subsidiaries.......................................................................
-
(7.21)
(63.44)
(1.44)
(0.56)
-
(0.41)
(73.06)
Impairment losses during the year.............................................
99.30
103.26
1.84
186.54
28.99
0.80
-
0.03
420.76
-
4.84
0.19
80.77
1.46
0.05
-
87.31
Balance as at 31st March, 2026..............................................
172.18
2,758.24
55.77
21,062.99
833.19
591.60
13.96
381.88
25,869.81
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025.....................
1,241.66
5,568.77
29.79
13,694.13
383.17
632.49
201.83
127.63
21,879.47
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026................
1,192.21
5,855.16
60.14
15,970.41
403.24
735.62
192.34
147.23
24,556.35

4.
Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
4.
Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)

Right-of-use assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Land Buildings Plant and
Equipment
Furniture
Fixtures
Vehicles
Office
Total
COST
790.52
4,370.68
357.86
8.08
145.85
13.84
5,686.83
Additions during the year...................................................................................
18.09
923.50
47.37
-
34.54
0.69
1,024.19
0.93
62.91
9.58
-
(0.31)
0.29
73.40
(7.01)
(279.81)
(20.73)
-
(24.27)
(0.29)
(332.11)
-
8.31
-
8.31
802.53
5,077.28
402.39
8.08
155.81
14.53
6,460.62
Balance as at 1st April, 2025.....................................................................
802.53 5,077.28
402.39
8.08
155.81
14.53 6,460.62
Additions during the year..................................................................................
8.42 1,056.94
23.88
-
26.30
- 1,115.54
Acquisitions through business combinations........................................
-
1.80
2.30
-
4.10
0.76
403.61
7.02
-
3.21
1.18
415.78
(9.70)
(343.58)
(36.00)
-
(32.85)
(2.42)
(424.55)
Disposal of subsidiaries.......................................................................................
-
(39.48)
-
(39.48)
-
4.10
-
4.10
802.01 6,156.57
403.69
8.08
152.47
13.29 7,536.11
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT
53.54
1,632.58
231.88
4.08
109.81
8.25
2,040.14
23.20
594.22
48.42
0.87
32.93
1.26
700.90
0.84
22.82
8.97
-
(0.15)
0.20
32.68
(0.22)
(231.92)
(20.58)
-
(17.63)
(0.29)
(270.64)
-
2.19
-
2.19
77.36
2,017.70
270.88
4.95
124.96
9.42
2,505.27
Balance as at 1st April, 2025.....................................................................
77.36 2,017.70
270.88
4.95
124.96
9.42 2,505.27
22.85
659.66
43.81
0.54
23.94
1.11
751.91
0.41
167.34
6.31
-
2.14
0.89
177.09
(8.38)
(255.29)
(35.91)
-
(24.22)
(2.42)
(326.22)
Disposal of subsidiaries.......................................................................................
-
(33.82)
-
(33.82)
Impairment losses during the year.............................................................
-
3.11
-
3.11
-
2.79
-
2.79
92.24 2,555.59
290.99
5.49
126.82
9.00 3,080.13
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025.....................................
725.17
3,059.58
131.51
3.13
30.85
5.11
3,955.35
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026..............................
709.77 3,600.98
112.70
2.59
25.65
4.29 4,455.98

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
5.
Capital-work-in progress
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year................................................................................................................................................................................
3,652.56
3,461.33
Additions during the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,925.51
6,803.78
Acquisitions through business combinations........................................................................................................................................................................
34.29
-
Interest capitalisation...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
21.25
48.76
Transfer to property, plant and equipment...........................................................................................................................................................................
(6,162.83)
(6,515.23)
Foreign exchange translation differences..............................................................................................................................................................................
(0.42)
(7.54)
Hyperinflation adjustment.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6.94
2.26
Impairment losses recognised........................................................................................................................................................................................................
(109.28)
(140.80)
Balance at the end of the year...............................................................................................................................................................................................
2,368.02
3,652.56

Ageing of capital work in progress
Rupees crores
Amount in Capital work-in-progress for a period of
Particulars
Less than
More than
Total
As at 31st March, 2026
Projects in progress ...................................................................................................................................
2,078.22
212.76
43.46
33.58
2,368.02
Total .....................................................................................................................................................................
2,078.22
212.76
43.46
33.58
2,368.02
As at 31st March, 2025
Projects in progress ...................................................................................................................................
3,271.52
301.85
33.51
45.68
3,652.56
Total .....................................................................................................................................................................
3,271.52
301.85
33.51
45.68
3,652.56
6.
Goodwill
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year................................................................................................................................................................................
2,373.90
2,448.37
Additions through business combinations..............................................................................................................................................................................
148.04
-
Impairment during the year.............................................................................................................................................................................................................
(4.01)
(79.24)
Foreign exchange translation difference.................................................................................................................................................................................
16.84
4.77
Balance at the end of the year...............................................................................................................................................................................................
2,534.77
2,373.90

Segment wise allocation of goodwill

The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated to segments as below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Automotive................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
180.00
31.96
Farm Equipment....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
828.38
832.70
Services
Financial Services.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1.34
Industrial Businesses and Consumer Services.................................................................................................................................................................
1,525.05
1,507.90
Total..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,534.77
2,373.90

The Group tests goodwill on annual basis and whenever there is an indication that the CGU to which the goodwill has been allocated may be impaired. The
goodwill impairment test is performed at the level of the CGU or group of CGUs that benefit from the synergies of the acquisition and which represents
the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. The recoverable amount is determined based on higher of value in use
and fair value less cost of disposal. Where there is no basis for making a reliable estimate of the price at which an orderly transaction to sell the asset
would take place between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions, the recoverable amount is determined by
value-in-use. In determining the value-in-use, cash flow projections approved by appropriate level of management are considered. In circumstances where
a reliable value-in-use estimate is difficult to make whereas market value of the asset or the CGU or group of CGUs is readily available, the latter is used
for the determination of recoverable amount with appropriate adjustments, where applicable.

Apart from the observable market information, significant management estimates and judgments are used to determine the recoverable amounts based
on value-in-use. Key assumptions used for determination of value-in-use amount includes estimated growth rates (including terminal growth rates),
margins and discount rates. Cash flow projections are usually considered for next 3-5 years and represent management s best estimate about future
developments with due consideration for past performance. Cash flows beyond the five year period are extrapolated using terminal growth rates.

In certain cases, the performance of the cash generating units were below their expected levels. Accordingly, the Group assessed such cash generating
units for the recoverable amounts based on fair value less cost of disposal and value-in-use estimates.

The value-in-use calculation for the year used discount rates ranging from 12.80% to 19.60% (2025: 11.60% to 24.10%) and the terminal growth
rates ranging from 2% to 5% (2025: 2% to 5%).

The goodwill impairment recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and the operating segments to which IT relates are as below:

Farm Equipment segment - Rs. 4.01 crores (2025: Rs. 79.24 crores). This relates to goodwill allocated to an international subsidiary.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
7.
Other intangible assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Development
expenditure
Computer
Brand License
& trademarks
Others
Total
COST
Balance as at 1st April, 2024....................................................................
8,928.07
713.48
212.76
488.55
10,342.86
Additions/Transfer from intangibles assets under development
during the year........................................................................................................
3,772.46
268.25
-
9.68
4,050.39
(5.65)
5.82
0.42
(2.44)
(1.85)
Deductions during the year............................................................................
(1,581.73)
(8.43)
-
(32.86)
(1,623.02)
23.15
3.59
-
8.68
35.42
Balance as at 31st March, 2025.............................................................
11,136.30
982.71
213.18
471.61
12,803.80
Balance as at 1st April, 2025....................................................................
11,136.30
982.71
213.18
471.61
12,803.80
Additions/Transfer from intangibles assets under development
during the year.........................................................................................................
2,909.87
251.22
0.43
10.26
3,171.78
Acquisitions through business combinations.......................................
-
2.60
50.99
45.38
98.97
15.33
27.64
2.65
3.10
48.72
Deductions during the year..............................................................................
(414.88)
(23.80)
-
(8.11)
(446.79)
Disposal of subsidiaries......................................................................................
-
(21.47)
27.28
3.15
-
5.79
36.22
Capital subsidy..........................................................................................................
(232.98)
-
(232.98)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026.............................................................
13,440.92
1,243.52
267.25
506.56
15,458.25
ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT
Balance as at 1st April, 2024....................................................................
5,181.29
572.27
58.08
258.78
6,070.42
Amortisation expense for the year ..........................................................
1,710.41
112.26
12.96
32.58
1,868.21
(0.55)
5.72
0.40
0.09
5.66
Deductions during the year............................................................................
(1,581.73)
(8.43)
-
(1.24)
(1,591.40)
Impairment losses during the year............................................................
2.26
4.47
-
12.86
19.59
1.38
0.38
-
1.92
3.68
Balance as at 31st March, 2025
5,313.06
686.67
71.44
304.99
6,376.16
Balance as at 1st April, 2025
5,313.06
686.67
71.44
304.99
6,376.16
Amortisation expense for the year
2,262.19
158.55
15.50
42.74
2,478.98
Foreign exchange translation differences
20.17
25.13
2.58
4.28
52.16
Deductions during the year
(414.40)
(21.10)
-
(2.54)
(438.04)
Disposal of subsidiaries
-
(21.47)
Impairment losses during the year
75.49
18.68
-
94.17
Hyperinflation adjustment
0.49
2.16
-
1.32
3.97
Balance as at 31st March, 2026
7,257.00
870.09
89.52
329.32
8,545.93
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025....................................
5,823.24
296.04
141.74
166.62
6,427.64
Net carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026.............................
6,183.92
373.43
177.73
177.24
6,912.32

Note

Others include technical knowhow, customer relationships, Transferable Development Rights etc.
8.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year................................................................................................................................................................................
4,645.08
4,577.97
Additions during the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,813.67
4,116.44
Acquisitions through business combinations........................................................................................................................................................................
18.72
-
Interest capitalisation...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
63.48
45.97
Transfer to other intangible assets............................................................................................................................................................................................
(3,086.12)
(3,910.64)
Deletions during the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(85.85)
-
Foreign exchange translation differences..............................................................................................................................................................................
3.42
0.70
Impairment losses recognised........................................................................................................................................................................................................
(0.89)
(185.36)
Balance at the end of the year...............................................................................................................................................................................................
5,371.51
4,645.08

Ageing of intangible assets under development
Rupees crores
Amount in Intangibles assets under development for
a period of
Total
Particulars
Less than
More than
As at 31st March, 2026
Projects in progress.....................................................................................................................................
3,176.55
872.35
540.49
782.12
5,371.51
Total.......................................................................................................................................................................
3,176.55
872.35
540.49
782.12
5,371.51
As at 31st March, 2025
Projects in progress.....................................................................................................................................
2,399.66
1,141.27
804.32
299.83
4,645.08
Total.......................................................................................................................................................................
2,399.66
1,141.27
804.32
299.83
4,645.08
9.
Investments

Non-current investments

Measured as per equity accounting method
Rupees crores
Particulars
Quoted
Investments in equity instruments
- of Associates*................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 10,100.20 10,188.90
Total........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 10,100.20 10,188.90
Unquoted
Investments in equity instruments
- of Associates*.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,333.69
1,191.39
- of Joint ventures*........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,678.13
2,796.39
Total...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,011.82
3,987.78
Investments measured as per equity accounting method......................................................................................................................................... 15,112.02 14,176.68

* Refer note 44

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
9.
Investments (Continued)

Measured as per other than equity accounting method
Rupees crores
Particulars
Amortised Cost
FVTOCI
FVTPL
Total
Quoted
Investments in non-convertible
debentures/bonds .....................................................
25.54
25.70
302.41
308.18
-
327.95
333.88
Investments in government securities .......
627.50
887.37 2,592.29
2,511.03
-
- 3,219.79
3,398.40
Investments in equity instruments ..............
-
1.77
162.26
0.10
622.43
1.87
784.69
Investments in Infrastructure Investment
Trust ...................................................................................
-
490.27
366.06
490.27
366.06
653.04
913.07 2,896.47
2,981.47
490.37
988.49 4,039.88
4,883.03
Unquoted
Investments in preference shares
- of Joint ventures *...............................................
-
114.46
-
0.55
0.08
0.55
114.54
Investments in debentures/bonds
- of Associates and joint ventures *............
166.26
-
106.16
90.75
272.42
90.75
Investments in Alternate Investment
Fund.....................................................................................
-
21.43
27.41
21.43
27.41
Investments in equity instruments................
-
33.83
39.26
38.84
29.43
72.67
68.69
166.26
114.46
33.83
39.26
166.98
147.67
367.07
301.39
Total...................................................................................
819.30
1,027.53 2,930.30
3,020.73
657.35
1,136.16 4,406.95
5,184.42
Rupees crores
Other Disclosures
Aggregate amount of quoted investments (Gross)............................................................................................................................................
14,140.08
15,071.93
Market value of quoted investments...........................................................................................................................................................................
40,596.56
43,967.47
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments (Gross)......................................................................................................................................
5,378.89
4,289.17
* Refer note 44.

Current Investments
Rupees crores
Particulars
Amortised Cost
FVTOCI
FVTPL
Total
Quoted
Investments in debentures/bonds............................
-
- 1,147.61
1,699.06
-
1,147.61
1,699.06
Investments in equity instruments..........................
-
0.01
-
0.01
Investments in government securities..................
323.12
321.77
764.19
1,752.53
-
1,087.31
2,074.30
Investments in mutual funds.......................................
-
- 17,282.15
14,241.83 17,282.15
14,241.83
323.12
321.77 1,911.81
3,451.60 17,282.15
14,241.83 19,517.08 18,015.20
Unquoted
Investments in certificate of deposits...................
-
170.16
325.95
773.60
2,330.40
943.76
2,656.35
Investments in corporate fixed deposits..................
220.00
410.00
-
220.00
410.00
Investments in debentures/bonds - of Other
entities..........................................................................................
-
149.61
-
149.61
Investments in commercial paper ...........................
-
97.68
124.03
618.63
124.03
716.31
220.00
410.00
170.16
573.24
897.63
2,949.03
1,287.79
3,932.27
Total..............................................................................................
543.12
731.77 2,081.97
4,024.84 18,179.78
17,190.86 20,804.87 21,947.47
9.
Investments (Continued)
Rupees crores
Other disclosures
Aggregate amount of quoted investments..........................................................................................................................................................................
19,517.08
18,015.20
Market value of quoted investments.......................................................................................................................................................................................
19,519.47
18,016.12
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments....................................................................................................................................................................
1,287.79
3,932.27
10. Trade Receivables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Secured, considered good.............................................................................................................................
13.88
12.87
66.50
42.19
Unsecured, considered good.......................................................................................................................
193.88
243.67
8,997.77
8,237.51
Credit impaired.....................................................................................................................................................
9.17
2.31
481.65
476.68
216.93
258.85
9,545.92
8,756.38
Less: Loss allowance [Refer note 40(b)(ii)]......................................................................................
9.17
2.31
481.65
476.68
Total............................................................................................................................................................................
207.76
256.54
9,064.27
8,279.70

Ageing of trade receivables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Undisputed trade receivables - considered good..................
5,257.14
2,867.97
556.63
231.67
111.79
245.82
9,271.02
Undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired ...................
3.33
33.99
41.12
70.69
63.54
132.90
345.57
Disputed trade receivables - considered good .....................
-
0.15
0.24
0.08
0.54
1.01
Disputed trade receivables - credit impaired .........................
-
0.66
4.10
17.72
20.33
102.44
145.25
5,260.47
2,902.62
602.00
320.32
195.74
481.70
9,762.85
Less: Loss allowance [Refer note 40(b)(ii)] .............................
(490.82)
Total ..................................................................................................................
9,272.03

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
10. Trade Receivables (Continued)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Not Due
Total
Less than 6
months
More than
Undisputed trade receivables - considered good..................
3,864.86
3,785.57
236.68
267.81
87.55
292.38
8,534.85
Undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired ...................
5.40
37.84
54.74
81.26
57.74
117.40
354.38
Disputed trade receivables - considered good .....................
0.04
0.11
0.34
0.27
0.18
0.45
1.39
Disputed trade receivables - credit impaired..........................
0.42
0.05
3.95
11.15
11.65
97.39
124.61
3,870.72
3,823.57
295.71
360.49
157.12
507.62
9,015.23
Less: Loss allowance [Refer note 40(b)(ii)] .............................
(478.99)
Total ......................................................................................................................
8,536.24
11.
Loans
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Loans to related parties
Secured, considered good.................................................................................................................
25.00
-
75.00
-
Unsecured, considered good...........................................................................................................
50.87
50.84
241.35
183.30
Credit impaired.........................................................................................................................................
-
1.50
-
75.87
52.34
316.35
183.30
Less: Loss allowance ...........................................................................................................................
-
1.50
-
Total
......................................................................................................................................................
75.87
50.84
316.35
183.30
Other Loans
Unsecured, considered good...........................................................................................................
136.18
482.76
526.85
22.86
Credit impaired.........................................................................................................................................
0.07
7.30
7.42
136.25
482.83
534.15
30.28
Less: Loss allowance ...........................................................................................................................
0.07
7.30
7.42
Total
......................................................................................................................................................
136.18
482.76
526.85
22.86
Financial Services receivable #
Secured, considered good.................................................................................................................
85,532.63
75,300.50
38,650.48
34,177.37
Unsecured, considered good...........................................................................................................
1,075.78
601.25
6,587.39
5,456.20
Significant increase in credit risk................................................................................................
3,369.29
3,710.00
3,391.04
3,274.15
Credit impaired.........................................................................................................................................
1,612.56
1,835.81
3,183.34
3,231.89

91,590.26
81,447.56
51,812.25
46,139.61
Less: Loss allowance.............................................................................................................................
2,621.90
2,373.85
1,518.41
1,701.00
Total
......................................................................................................................................................
88,968.36
79,073.71
50,293.84
44,438.61
Total Loans ..............................................................................................................
89,180.41
79,607.31
51,137.04
44,644.77

# Refer Note 40(b)(iv) for disclosures related to credit risk, impairment of financial services receivables under expected credit loss model and related
12.
Other financial assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity.................................................................
3,686.69
233.13
-
Balances with banks on margin accounts.........................................................................................
0.15
9.57
-
Security deposit ..................................................................................................................................................
423.63
411.00
86.55
136.11
Interest accrued on investment, other loans and other financial assets....................
8.94
3.31
1,107.38
848.64
Government grant receivable.....................................................................................................................
3,785.87
1,494.86
1,906.64
1,702.19
Corporate Fixed Deposit.................................................................................................................................
180.00
50.00
-
Others..........................................................................................................................................................................
56.44
62.47
919.34
803.22
Measured at fair value
Foreign currency forwards and options, interest rate swaps & commodity
derivatives .............................................................................................................................................................
402.60
18.45
577.51
62.32
Total.............................................................................................................................................................................
8,544.32
2,282.79
4,597.42
3,552.48

Others mainly includes receivables for oil royalty income, scrap sales and other recoverable expenses.
13.
Income taxes

Income tax recognised in profit or loss
Rupees crores
Particulars
Current Tax
In respect of current year....................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,769.35
4,862.74
Unrecognised tax losses of previous year used to reduce current tax expense .......................................................................
-
(10.81)
Total current tax expense...............................................................................................................................................................................................
6,769.35
4,851.93
Deferred Tax
In respect of current year origination and reversal of temporary differences..............................................................................
(206.30)
154.52
Total deferred tax expense/(income) ..................................................................................................................................................................
(206.30)
154.52
Total income tax expense ..............................................................................................................................................................................................
6,563.05
5,006.45

Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
Rupees crores
Particulars
Deferred tax related to items recognised in other comprehensive income
Effective portion of gains and losses on designated portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge........
(21.33)
16.90
Net change in fair value of investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI..........................................................................................
8.42
(28.07)
Net change in fair value of investments in equity shares at FVTOCI...................................................................................................
(0.19)
1.97
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans.................................................................................................................................................................
22.44
19.93
Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign operations ..............................................................
(16.80)
(8.58)
Total deferred tax (expense)/income ..................................................................................................................................................................
(7.46)
2.15
Classification of income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
Income taxes related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss.................................................................................
22.25
21.90
Income taxes related to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss...........................................................................................
(29.71)
(19.75)
Total....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(7.46)
2.15

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
13.
Income taxes (Continued)

The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at tax rate to income tax expense reported in consolidated statement of profit and
loss is as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Profit before tax....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
25,184.76
19,079.62
Applicable income tax rate................................................................................................................................................................................................
25.168%
Expected income tax expense........................................................................................................................................................................................
6,338.50
4,801.96
Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to reported income tax expense:
Effect of different tax rates in local and foreign tax jurisdictions........................................................................................................
(56.06)
(10.46)
Effect of income exempt from tax/non taxable on compliance of conditions.............................................................................
(531.91)
(390.76)
Effect of tax on deemed income...................................................................................................................................................................................
219.28
-
Effect of income chargeable at specified tax rates .......................................................................................................................................
(1.80)
25.26
Effect of expenses/provisions that is non-deductible in determining taxable profit................................................................
394.17
316.07
Unrecognised tax losses of previous year used to reduce current tax expense.......................................................................
-
(10.81)
Effect of unused tax losses and tax offsets for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised..........................
421.65
369.68
Effect of utilisation of tax losses..................................................................................................................................................................................
(182.48)
(72.94)
Others...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(38.30)
(21.55)
Income tax expense recognised in consolidated statement of profit and loss...................................................................
6,563.05
5,006.45

Amounts on which deferred tax asset has not been created and related expiry period

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of following items, because IT is not probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the Group can use the benefit therefrom.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Deductible temporary differences (no expiry date).........................................................................................................................................
853.14
462.13
Unused tax losses (revenue in nature).....................................................................................................................................................................
6,769.47
6,448.45
Unused tax losses (capital in nature).........................................................................................................................................................................
3,453.79
2,786.65
Total..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
11,076.40
9,697.23

Unused tax losses - revenue in nature
Rupees crores
Expiry period
Up to five years.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
918.51
1,411.56
More than five years..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
714.16
1,091.13
No expiry date............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,136.80
3,945.76
Total..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,769.47
6,448.45
13.
Income taxes (Continued)

Unused tax losses - capital in nature
Rupees crores
Expiry period
Up to five years.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,779.78
83.46
More than five years..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
674.01
2,703.19
Total..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,453.79
2,786.65

Aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for which deferred
tax liability has not been recognised :
Rupees crores
Particulars
Undistributed earnings..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
26,713.09
20,736.16

Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (net)

The amount of the deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised in the balance sheet are as below:

Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance as
at 1st April,
Recognised
in profit or
Recognised
in OCI
Recognised
in business
combination /
disposal of
subsidiaries
Foreign
exchange
differences
Balance
as at 31st
March,
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets ......................
2,265.33
111.76
-
107.71
(10.97)
2,473.83
Undistributed profit of associate ....................................................................
142.50
(79.55)
16.22
-
79.17
Others..................................................................................................................................
324.69
133.66
(6.25)
5.52
5.83
463.45
2,732.52
165.87
9.97
113.23
(5.14)
3,016.45
Provision for employee benefits.......................................................................
360.60
83.25
22.44
14.78
(4.78)
476.29
Allowances for expected credit loss/net change in fair value of
debt instruments at FVTOCI ..............................................................................
1,072.75
69.90
8.42
3.05
9.16
1,163.28
Carryforward tax losses.........................................................................................
349.92
(10.60)
-
6.96
3.80
350.08
Unrealised gain on inter-company transactions (net)..........................
219.92
24.98
-
244.90
Others
390.37
204.64
(28.35)
6.24
15.62
588.52
2,393.56
372.17
2.51
31.03
23.80
2,823.07
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (b-a) ....................................................
(338.96)
206.30
(7.46)
(82.20)
28.94
(193.38)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
13.
Income taxes (Continued)

Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (net) (Continued)

Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance
as at
1st April,
Recognised
in profit or
Recognised
in OCI
Recognised
in business
combination /
disposal of
subsidiaries
Foreign
exchange
differences
Balance
as at
31st March,
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
2,066.86
204.14
-
(5.67)
2,265.33
Undistributed profit of associates.......................................
104.68
29.91
7.91
-
142.50
Others.....................................................................................................
242.41
63.46
19.01
-
(0.19)
324.69
2,413.95
297.51
26.92
-
(5.86)
2,732.52
Provision for employee benefits..........................................
323.81
18.23
19.93
-
(1.37)
360.60
Allowances for expected credit loss/net change in fair value of
debt instruments at FVTOCI .................................................
1,000.74
100.27
(28.07)
-
(0.19)
1,072.75
Carryforward tax losses............................................................
375.16
(25.17)
-
(0.07)
349.92
MAT credit............................................................................................
0.62
(0.62)
-
Unrealised gain on inter-company transactions (net)
188.30
31.62
-
219.92
Others.....................................................................................................
332.18
18.66
37.21
-
2.32
390.37
2,220.81
142.99
29.07
-
0.69
2,393.56
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (b-a)......................
(193.14)
(154.52)
2.15
-
6.55
(338.96)

Balances of deferred tax assets/deferred tax liabilities are presented in balance sheet as below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Deferred tax assets (net).................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,580.96
1,573.11
Deferred tax liabilities (net)............................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,774.34
1,912.07
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) ..........................................................................................................................................................................................
(193.38)
(338.96)

Pillar Two Income Taxes

The OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework has introduced Pillar Two, which establishes a global minimum effective tax rate of 15% for multinational enterprise
groups with consolidated revenues exceeding EUR 750 million. The Pillar Two framework is implemented through the Qualified Domestic Minimum Top
up Tax (QDMTT), Income Inclusion Rule (IIR) and Undertaxed Profits Rule (UTPR) and is applicable from 1 January 2024 or later, subject to enactment
in relevant jurisdictions.

Based on an assessment of consolidated revenues, the Group falls within the scope of Pillar Two. In accordance with the amendments to Ind AS 12 -
Income Taxes, the Group has applied the mandatory temporary exception from recognising and disclosing deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from
the implementation of the Pillar Two rules. Accordingly, no deferred tax assets or liabilities have been recognised in respect of Pillar Two. Any tax arising
under these rules will be recognised as current tax expense in the period in which the liability is incurred.

The Group operates across multiple tax jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates and tax regimes, including incentives and exemptions, which may
result in effective tax rates being close to or below the minimum threshold in certain jurisdictions. The Group has performed a preliminary assessment
of its potential exposure and has evaluated the availability of QDMTT and transitional safe harbour provisions, where applicable.

As at the reporting date, no material Pillar Two top up tax liability has been recognised. The Group will continue to evaluate the impact of the GloBE
rules and will recognise any resulting tax obligations in future periods as the assessments are finalised and obligations crystallise.
14. Other Assets (Non-Financial)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Capital Advances..................................................................................................................................................
1,748.62
1,343.82
-
Balances with government authorities (other than current taxes)................................
204.92
219.20
4,549.69
5,263.96
Contract assets ...................................................................................................................................................
4.36
-
190.09
260.54
Deferred acquisition cost .............................................................................................................................
716.51
752.90
70.67
80.37
Others ........................................................................................................................................................................
500.43
411.46
2,539.75
1,598.21
Total ...........................................................................................................................................................................
3,174.84
2,727.38
7,350.20
7,203.08

Others include advances to suppliers, prepaid expenses and other recoverable expenses.

Significant changes in contract assets during the year are as follows: -
Rupees crores
Particulars
Reclassification of opening balances of contract assets to trade receivables..........................................................................................
260.54
242.99
Adjustments due to contract modification...........................................................................................................................................................................
-
0.10

In addition to the contract balances disclosed above, the group has also recognised a deferred acquisition cost in relation to some of the long-term
contracts.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Assets recognised from incremental cost of acquisition incurred to fulfil a contract ........................................................................
787.18
833.27
Amortisation of expenses during the year .........................................................................................................................................................................
91.46
63.81
15.
Inventories
Rupees crores
Particulars
Raw materials and bought-out components [includes in-transit Rs. 661.04 crores (2025: Rs. 799.95 crores)]...........
7,722.73
6,827.87
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
761.82
448.29
Work-in-progress-property development activity and long term contracts.................................................................................................
5,444.69
4,636.52
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,514.02
5,837.50
Stock-in-trade [includes in-transit Rs. 3.02 crores (2025: Rs. 4.62 crores)] ............................................................................................
1,472.32
1,504.56
Manufactured components..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
705.15
734.61
Stores and spares .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
308.78
232.95
Loose tools..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
100.26
95.53
Food, beverages, smokes and operating supplies............................................................................................................................................................
14.34
13.10
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
22,044.11
20,330.93

Notes

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year was Rs. 1,33,900.64 crores (2025: Rs. 1,06,719.18 crores)

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense include Rs. 216.86 crores (2025: Rs. 482.87 crores) in respect of write-down of inventories to
net realisable value, and has been reduced by Rs. 274.61 crores (2025: Rs. 231.62 crores) in respect of the reversal of such write downs.

Certain companies in the Group have availed working capital facilities and other non-fund based facilities viz. bank guarantees and letters of credit,
which are secured by hypothecation of inventories.

Mode of valuation of inventories is stated in Note 2. (i)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
16. Cash and cash equivalents
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balances with banks
- On current accounts.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,182.80
1,681.93
- On saving accounts............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.01
- Fixed deposits with original maturity of less than 3 months.............................................................................................................................
956.66
3,090.36
4,139.47
4,772.30
Cheques, drafts on hand (including in transit) ...................................................................................................................................................................
104.10
90.32
Cash on hand..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
48.67
61.27
Total.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,292.24
4,923.89
17.
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents
Rupees crores
Particulars
Earmarked balances with banks...................................................................................................................................................................................................
66.53
42.98
Balances with banks on margin accounts.............................................................................................................................................................................
57.71
20.42
Fixed deposits*...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
27,562.10
15,627.55
Total.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
27,686.34
15,690.95

* includes fixed deposits under lien of Rs. 2,238.18 crores (2025: Rs. 1,429.66 crores)
18. Equity share capital
Rupees crores
Particulars
Authorised
27,86,90,00,000 (2025: 27,86,90,00,000) Ordinary (equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each.......................................................................
13,934.50
25,00,000 (2025: 25,00,000) Unclassified Shares of Rs. 100 each.............................................................................................................
25.00
1,50,00,00,000 (2025: 1,50,00,00,000) Preference Shares of Rs. 10 each...........................................................................................
1,500.00
15,459.50
Issued, subscribed and paid-up:
1,24,35,28,831 (2025: 1,24,35,28,831) Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each fully paid up ..................................................
621.77
Less
4,14,88,827 (2025: 4,27,45,042) Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each fully paid up issued to M&M ESOP Trust but
not yet allotted to employees.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
20.75
21.38
Less
8,44,70,428 (2025: 8,44,70,428) Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each fully paid up issued to M&M Benefit Trust....
42.24
Adjusted issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital .....................................................................................................................................
558.78
558.15
18. Equity share capital (Continued)

Reconciliation of number of ordinary (equity) shares and amount outstanding:
Particulars
of Shares
Rupees
Crores
of Shares
Rupees
Crores
Issued, subscribed and paid-up:
At the beginning of the year............................................................................................
1,24,35,28,831
621.77
1,24,35,28,831
621.77
Less
Shares issued to M&M ESOP Trust but not allotted to Employees............
4,14,88,827
20.75
4,27,45,042
21.38
Shares issued to M&M Benefit Trust...............................................................................
8,44,70,428
42.24
8,44,70,428
42.24
Adjusted issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital............................
1,11,75,69,576
558.78
1,11,63,13,361
558.15

The Ordinary (Equity) Shares of the Company rank pari-passu in all respects including voting rights and entitlement to dividend.

Details of Ordinary (Equity) Shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up shares of the
Company
Name of the Shareholder
of Shares
%
Shareholding
of Shares
%
Shareholding
Prudential Management & Services Private Limited.....................................................
13,22,21,940
10.63%
13,22,21,940
10.63%
M&M Benefit Trust.................................................................................................................................
8,44,70,428
6.79%
8,44,70,428
6.79%
Life Insurance Corporation of India............................................................................................
7,82,69,976
6.29%
8,84,69,169
7.11%

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
18. Equity share capital (Continued)

Details of Ordinary (Equity) Shares held by promoters in the Company s Paid-up Share Capital:
Name of the Promoters
of Shares
%
Shareholding
% Change
of Shares
%
Shareholding
% Change
Promoters
Anand Mahindra....................................................
14,30,008
0.11%
-
14,30,008
0.11%
-
Sub Total (A).........................................................
14,30,008
0.11%
14,30,008
0.11%
Promoter Group
Prudential Management and Services
Private limited........................................................
13,22,21,940
10.63%
-
13,22,21,940
10.63%
-
M&M Benefit Trust..............................................
8,44,70,428
6.79%
-
8,44,70,428
6.79%
-
Leena S Labroo.....................................................
15,61,166
0.13%
-
15,61,166
0.13%
-
Uma R Malhotra...................................................
15,50,164
0.12%
-
15,50,164
0.12%
-
Yuthica Mahindra Family Trust...................
9,92,638
0.08%
-
9,92,638
0.08%
-
Kema Services International Private
Limited.........................................................................
7,34,832
0.06%
-
7,34,832
0.06%
-
Yuthica Keshub Mahindra...............................
6,44,744
0.05%
-
6,44,744
0.05%
-
Anuradha Mahindra.............................................
4,57,090
0.04%
-
4,57,090
0.04%
-
Chetan Varde..........................................................
3,74,800
0.03%
-
3,74,800
0.03%
-
Sanjay Labroo.........................................................
2,89,440
0.02%
-
2,89,440
0.02%
-
Anjali K Mahindra.................................................
1,72,962
0.01%
-
1,72,962
0.01%
(0.01%)
Nisheeta Labroo....................................................
1,70,500
0.01%
-
1,70,500
0.01%
-
Aneesha Labroo....................................................
1,70,000
0.01%
-
1,70,000
0.01%
-
Radhika Nath..........................................................
93,616
0.01%
-
93,616
0.01%
-
Deepak Varde.........................................................
88,720
0.01%
-
88,720
0.01%
-
Marthand Singh Mahindra..............................
70,000
0.01%
-
70,000
0.01%
0.00%
Dhruv S Sharma...................................................
30,000
0.00%
-
30,000
0.00%
-
Deveshwar Jagat Sharma..............................
30,000
0.00%
-
30,000
0.00%
-
Kabir Malhotra.......................................................
10,000
0.00%
-
10,000
0.00%
-
Anjali Malhotra........................................................
10,000
0.00%
-
10,000
0.00%
-
Gautam P Khandelwal........................................
4,600
0.00%
-
4,600
0.00%
-
Anuja P Sharma....................................................
-
0.00%
1,350
0.00%
Sub Total (B).........................................................
22,41,47,640
18.03%
22,41,48,990
18.03%
Total (A+B)..............................................................
22,55,77,648
18.14%
22,55,78,998
18.14%

For the period of preceding five years as on the balance sheet date, Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital includes:

During the year ended 31st March 2023, aggregate of 3,36,287 Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each allotted as fully paid-up pursuant to Schemes
of Arrangement without payment having been received in cash.
19.
Details of proposed dividend
Particulars
Proposed dividend per equity share (Rs.) ............................................................................................................................................................................
33.00
25.30
20. Borrowings

Non-Current

Rupees crores
Particulars
Long term borrowings

Secured (Measured at amortised cost):

Debentures & bonds......................................................................................................................................................................................................
16,888.96
17,237.15

Term loan

(i) From banks.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
42,106.48
46,263.86

(ii) From other parties................................................................................................................................................................................................
24.05
659.70
59,019.49
64,160.71

Unsecured (Measured at amortised cost):

Debentures & bonds......................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,347.32
7,843.83

Term loan

(i) From banks.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
488.07
846.08

Deposits..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
7,541.51
6,728.43

Loan from related parties..........................................................................................................................................................................................
47.00

Other loans...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
26.54
81.14
14,450.44
15,546.48
Total......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
73,469.93
79,707.19

(a)
Other loans comprise of deferred sales tax loans which are interest free and repayable in five equal installments after ten years from the year
of availment of respective loan.

Long term borrowings carry varying rates of interest ranging from 1.90% p.a. to 16.33% p.a. which includes borrowing rates of overseas
subsidiaries. These long term borrowings have maturities starting from FY 2027 and ending with FY 2063.

Current
Rupees crores
Particulars
Short term borrowings

Secured (Measured at amortised cost)

Loans repayable on demand

- From banks and cash credit account............................................................................................................................................................
293.47
187.21

Term loan from banks..................................................................................................................................................................................................
9,488.71
1,836.88

Triparty repo dealing and settlement (TREPs)...........................................................................................................................................
-
999.82

Other loans...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
134.68
71.32
9,916.86
3,095.23

Unsecured (Measured at amortised cost)

Deposits..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,181.69
1,719.13

Loans repayable on demand

- From banks and cash credit account............................................................................................................................................................
36.85
56.07

Commercial papers.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,896.79
2,606.76

Term loan from banks .................................................................................................................................................................................................
890.97
520.48

Loan from related parties..........................................................................................................................................................................................
-
0.86

Other loans...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
26.73
194.58
9,033.03
5,097.88
Total ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
18,949.89
8,193.11

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
20. Borrowings (Continued)
Rupees crores
Particulars
Current maturities of long-term borrowing

Secured (Measured at amortised cost):

Debentures & bonds......................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,597.28
6,964.38

Term loan

From banks..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
26,553.30
23,022.40

From other parties.............................................................................................................................................................................................
5.20
87.34
31,155.78
30,074.12

Unsecured (Measured at amortised cost):

Debentures & bonds......................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,528.70
909.24

Term loan

From banks..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
2.38
23.62

From other parties ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
54.60
-

Deposits..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,453.22
2,265.67
6,038.90
3,198.53
Total ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
37,194.68
33,272.65
Grand Total ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
56,144.57
41,465.76

Secured borrowings are secured by a pari-passu charge on immovable properties, both present and future of certain entities in the Group, subject to
certain exclusions and are also secured by pari-passu charge on the movable properties of certain entities including inventories, movable machinery,
machinery spares, tools and accessories, both present and future, subject to certain exclusions.

For Financial Services business, secured borrowings are secured by exclusive charges on receivables under loan contracts.

Reconciliation of movement in borrowings and lease liabilities to cash flow from financing activities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening balance
- Long term borrowings...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
79,707.19
67,719.69
- Non Current lease liabilities..............................................................................................................................................................................................
3,170.14
2,813.92
- Short term borrowings.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
41,465.76
35,483.54
- Current lease liabilities.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
606.22
608.37
- Unclaimed matured deposits............................................................................................................................................................................................
3.83
4.38
1,24,953.14
1,06,629.90
Cash flow movements
- Proceeds from borrowings.................................................................................................................................................................................................
79,722.12
82,589.64
- Repayment of borrowings..................................................................................................................................................................................................
(72,288.11)
(64,227.06)
- Net increase in loans repayable on demand and cash credit .................................................................................................................
198.98
(462.16)
- Repayment of lease liabilities ........................................................................................................................................................................................
(967.06)
(887.11)
6,665.93
17,013.31
Non-cash movements
- Additions to lease liabilities .............................................................................................................................................................................................
1,104.67
1,017.89
- On account of acquisition/(disposal) of subsidiaries (net) .........................................................................................................................
197.90
-
- Other adjustments...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
147.91
165.21
- Effect of amortisation of loan origination costs and foreign exchange translation.................................................................
897.07
126.83
2,347.55
1,309.93
Closing balance
- Long term borrowings...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
73,469.93
79,707.19
- Non Current lease liabilities..............................................................................................................................................................................................
3,651.83
3,170.14
- Short term borrowings.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
56,144.57
41,465.76
- Current lease liabilities.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
696.82
606.22
- Unclaimed matured deposits............................................................................................................................................................................................
3.47
3.83
Total......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,33,966.62
1,24,953.14

Refer note 40(d)(i) for reconciliation of movement in Compulsorily convertible preference shares
21.
Trade payables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Current
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises.............................................................................................................
991.18
926.72
Total outstanding dues other than micro enterprises and small enterprises .......................................................................................
- Trade payable...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
34,202.75
27,881.95
- Acceptances......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,694.74
2,046.63
Total............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
37,888.67
30,855.30

Ageing of trade payables
Rupees crores
Particulars
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Trade payable
MSME .....................................................................................
778.52
209.68
2.13
0.76
0.06
991.15
Others ...................................................................................
22,270.98
4,280.63
134.06
92.39
63.18
26,841.24
Disputed dues - MSME ............................................
-
0.03
-
0.03
Disputed dues - Others ..........................................
-
2.26
23,049.50
4,490.34
136.19
93.15
65.50
27,834.68
Accrued Expenses ........................................................
10,053.99
Total........................................................................................
23,049.50
4,490.34
136.19
93.15
65.50
37,888.67
Rupees crores
Particulars
Not Due
Total
Less than
More than
Trade payable
MSME .....................................................................................
821.97
100.14
4.56
0.03
0.02
926.72
Others ...................................................................................
18,772.70
4,146.34
219.63
67.24
42.20
23,248.11
Disputed dues - Others ..........................................
-
2.24
19,594.67
4,246.48
224.19
67.27
44.46
24,177.07
Accrued Expenses ........................................................
6,678.23
Total ........................................................................................
19,594.67
4,246.48
224.19
67.27
44.46
30,855.30

Supplier Financing Arrangements for trade payables

Some of our suppliers elect to factor some of their receivables from the Group with financial institutions. In such cases, the Group provides suppliers
and/or banks with visibility of invoices approved for payment, which helps them receive cash from the bank before the invoice due date, if they choose
to do so. Payment dates and terms for the Group do not vary based on whether the supplier chooses to factor their receivables.
Particulars
Current
The carrying amounts of the financial liabilities that are part of a supplier finance arrangement

Presented within trade payable as Acceptances (Rupees crores)
2,694.74
For which suppliers have already received payment from finance providers (Rupees crores)
2,694.74
Range of payment due dates
Trade payables that are part of a supplier finance arrangement
7 - 180 days
Trade payables that are not part of a supplier finance arrangement
7 - 180 days

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
22. Other financial liabilities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Unclaimed dividends #....................................................................................................................................
-
25.29
21.01
Unclaimed matured deposits and interest accrued thereon...............................................
-
3.47
3.83
Interest accrued...................................................................................................................................................
400.30
319.35
1,896.22
1,923.39
Others.........................................................................................................................................................................
538.46
607.51
4,139.88
3,212.56
Measured at fair value
Foreign currency forwards and options, Interest rate swaps & commodity
derivatives ..............................................................................................................................................................
7.48
114.79
225.22
381.84
Gross obligation to acquire non-controlling interest
88.52
86.11
-
Total............................................................................................................................................................................
1,034.76
1,127.76
6,290.08
5,542.63

Other liabilities majorly include salaries and wages payable and capital creditors.

# There are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to the Investor Education and Protection Fund.
23. Provisions
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Provision for employee benefits................................................................................................................
1,304.65
1,044.62
688.60
420.26
Provision for warranties...................................................................................................................................
1,104.25
865.81
815.03
673.38
Provision for service coupons......................................................................................................................
62.79
48.33
251.93
200.22
Provision for Extended Producer Responsibility............................................................................
56.84
-
Provision for others............................................................................................................................................
54.23
23.26
54.01
19.94
Total..............................................................................................................................................................................
2,582.76
1,982.02
1,809.57
1,313.80

Provision for warranties relates to provision made in respect of sale of certain products and components, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time
of sale. The products are generally covered under a free warranty period ranging from 1 to 15 years.

Provision for employee benefits includes gratuity, provident fund, post retirement benefits, compensated absence etc. (refer note 37).

The Company has made provision towards environmental compensation for batteries deployed in the market through the sale of electric vehicles. This provision
has been calculated in accordance with the Guidelines for Environment Compensation (EC) under the Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022, as amended.

The movement in provision for warranty, service coupon and Extended Producer Responsibility is as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Warranty
Service coupons
Extended Producer
Responsibility
Opening Balance........................................................
1,539.19
1,287.73
248.55
186.79
-
Additional net provisions recognised during
the year............................................................................
1,033.92
862.96
318.20
254.10
56.84
-
Amounts utilised during the year..................
(776.06)
(679.10)
(265.76)
(203.92)
-
Unwinding of discount............................................
77.52
67.68
13.73
11.58
-
Subsidiaries acquired/sold/disposed off
during the year...........................................................
21.48
-
Foreign exchange translation differences.
23.23
(0.08)
-
Closing Balance........................................................
1,919.28
1,539.19
314.72
248.55
56.84
-
24. Other non financial liabilities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Non Current
Current
Statutory dues (other than income taxes)........................................................................................
-
3,360.99
4,013.77
Contract liabilities.................................................................................................................................................
6,558.70
6,191.81
7,871.49
5,167.86
Others...........................................................................................................................................................................
-
1,054.57
636.99
Total..............................................................................................................................................................................
6,558.70
6,191.81
12,287.05
9,818.62

Others mainly include salary deductions and TDS payable.

Contract liabilities represent deferred revenue and advance received from customers.

Significant changes in Contract liabilities during the year are as follows: -

Rupees crores
Particulars
Recognition of revenue arising from opening balance of contract liabilities ............................................................................................
3,364.77
2,404.97
25. Revenue from Operations
Rupees crores
Particulars
From contract with customers (as defined under Ind AS 115)

Sale of products.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,59,315.17
1,26,555.23

Sale of services...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
13,756.26
11,835.70

Income from long term contracts.................................................................................................................................................................................
1,177.99
367.74

Other operating revenue^....................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,417.98
1,183.42
1,75,667.40
1,39,942.09
From financial services

Interest income of financial services business......................................................................................................................................................
18,848.53
16,886.59
18,848.53
16,886.59
From Others

Government grant and incentives..................................................................................................................................................................................
2,986.63
1,573.68

Other operating revenue......................................................................................................................................................................................................
290.22
347.39
3,276.85
1,921.07
Total ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,97,792.78
1,58,749.75

^ Other operating revenue mainly includes income from oil royalty and scrap sales.

The following table includes revenue expected to be recognised in future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied)
at the reporting date:
Rupees crores
Time Band
Less than 1 year.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,873.71
3,220.05
Greater than 1 year but less than 5 years..........................................................................................................................................................................
10,108.45
8,540.73
Greater than 5 years...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,276.12
3,582.71
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17,258.28
15,343.49

The Group applies the practical expedient of Ind AS 115 and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original
expected duration of one year or less. Revenue disclosed above does not include estimated amount of variable consideration that are constrained.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
25. Revenue from Operations (Continued)

Reconciliation of revenue recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss with contracted price
Rupees crores
Particulars
Revenue from contract with customer as per the contract price
1,82,287.68
1,44,902.27
Adjustments made to contract price
-
Trade discounts, volume rebates, return etc..........................................................................................................................................................
(8,671.87)
(6,318.80)
-
Deferment of revenue............................................................................................................................................................................................................
(1,313.18)
(1,046.35)
-
Recognition of revenue out of opening balance of contract liabilities...............................................................................................
3,364.77
2,404.97
Revenue from contract with customer as per the consolidated statement of profit and loss......................................
1,75,667.40
1,39,942.09

Revenue disaggregation as per nature of products and services and geography has been included in segment information. (Refer note 46)
26. Income from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
Rupees crores
Particulars
Interest income from associates and joint ventures ...................................................................................................................................................
34.95
18.61
Gain on change in ownership interests in subsidiaries (resulting in loss of control), associates and joint ventures and
change of relationships*....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
810.82
442.46
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
845.77
461.07

* includes gain on sale of investments Rs. 704.68 crores (2025: Rs. 312.46 crores).
27. Other Income
Rupees crores
Particulars
Interest Income

On financial assets measured at amortised cost................................................................................................................................................
1,650.50
1,093.42

On financial assets measured at FVTOCI..................................................................................................................................................................
111.95
139.53
Dividend income

Mutual funds.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
8.99
9.55
Net gains/(losses) arising on financial assets/ liabilities measured at FVTPL.............................................................................................
1,388.46
412.73
Other non-operating income (net of directly attributable expenses)*.............................................................................................................
285.89
525.82
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,445.79
2,181.05

* includes gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, rent income etc.
28. Cost of materials consumed
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening inventories..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,827.87
6,337.60
Purchases.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,14,202.49
88,593.17
Adjustment on account of business combination/(disposal) of subsidiary (net).......................................................................................
82.01
-
Hyperinflation adjustment................................................................................................................................................................................................................
61.78
39.19
Foreign currency translation difference.................................................................................................................................................................................
101.72
(31.04)
1,21,275.87
94,938.92
Less: Closing inventories....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
7,722.73
6,827.87
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,13,553.14
88,111.05
29. Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Rupees crores
Particulars
Opening inventories
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,837.50
6,060.46
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
448.29
527.11
Stock-in-trade............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,504.56
1,291.56
Manufactured components..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
734.61
540.92
8,524.96
8,420.05
Inventories on business combination/(disposal) of subsidiaries (net)
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
269.64
-
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
101.80
-
Stock-in-trade............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(18.74)
-
352.70
-
Hyperinflation adjustment
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
17.57
58.38
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
0.10
12.91
17.67
71.29
Foreign currency translation difference
256.77
21.44
Less: Closing Inventories
Finished goods produced...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,514.02
5,837.50
Work-in-progress......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
761.82
448.29
Stock-in-trade............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,472.32
1,504.56
Manufactured components..............................................................................................................................................................................................................
705.15
734.61
8,453.31
8,524.96
Net decrease/(increase) in inventories.............................................................................................................................................................................
698.79
(12.18)
30. Employee benefits expense
Rupees crores
Particulars
Salaries and wages, including bonus.........................................................................................................................................................................................
10,941.99
9,735.31
Contribution to provident and other funds.........................................................................................................................................................................
767.49
642.17
Share based payment expenses * (Refer note 38)........................................................................................................................................................
346.19
121.91
Staff welfare expenses.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
674.95
626.78
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
12,730.62
11,126.17

* Share based payment expenses include equity settled share based payments and cash settled share based payments

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
31.
Finance cost
Rupees crores
Particulars
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost...............................................................................................................
9,168.58
8,695.94
Less: Amounts included in the cost of qualifying assets...........................................................................................................................................
84.73
94.73
9,083.85
8,601.21
Interest on lease liabilities...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
270.01
252.58
Other borrowing costs........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
236.99
229.60
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
9,590.85
9,083.39
Out of the above, finance cost related to:
-
Financial services business..................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,919.26
8,401.88
-
Others................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
671.59
681.51
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
9,590.85
9,083.39

Other borrowing cost mainly includes discounting charges and unwinding of discount on financial liabilities other than lease liability.

The weighted average capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is 7.90% p.a. (2025: 7.24% p.a.)
32. Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense
Rupees crores
Particulars
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment................................................................................................................................................................
3,458.91
2,989.07
Depreciation of right-of-use assets...........................................................................................................................................................................................
751.91
700.90
Amortisation of intangible assets...............................................................................................................................................................................................
2,478.98
1,868.21
Impairment of property, plant and equipment, capital work-in-progress, goodwill, other intangible assets and
intangible assets under development......................................................................................................................................................................................
632.22
515.47
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
7,322.02
6,073.65
33. Loss from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
Rupees crores
Particulars
Loss/impairment on proposed disposal of subsidiary...................................................................................................................................................
400.64
-
Impairment of investments in associates..............................................................................................................................................................................
54.22
-
Loss on change in ownership interests in subsidiaries (resulting in loss of control), associates and joint ventures and
change of relationships......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
126.68
16.15
Loss on fair value of options related to subsidiaries and joint ventures.......................................................................................................
-
14.69
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
581.54
30.84
34. Other Expenses
Rupees crores
Particulars
Stores consumed....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
689.42
540.88
Tools consumed.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
106.48
94.47
Power and fuel.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
966.56
832.35
Rent including lease rentals...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
315.68
345.84
Insurance.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
219.00
213.76
Repairs and maintenance..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
841.87
963.91
Freight outward.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6,678.17
5,747.02
Advertisement...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,009.07
802.12
Commission on sales / contracts................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,553.18
1,379.15
Sales promotion expenses...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
643.80
624.98
Travelling and conveyance expenses........................................................................................................................................................................................
680.55
664.46
Cost of projects.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,282.97
548.00
Legal and professional charges....................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,329.26
1,034.07
Hire and service and subcontracting charges....................................................................................................................................................................
2,505.42
2,015.02
Provision for expected credit losses including write offs (net).............................................................................................................................
2,596.15
2,280.65
Miscellaneous expenses.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,006.56
3,706.22
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
25,424.14
21,792.90

Short term leases and low value leases recongised as expense for the year ended 31st March 2026 is aggregating to Rs. 296.98 crores (2025:
Rs 322.04 crores) and Rs. 18.70 crores (2025: Rs 23.10 crores) respectively.

Miscellaneous expenses include (gain)/loss on net monetary position related to entities under hyperinflationary economies for the year ended 31st
March 2026 aggregating to loss of Rs. 2.76 crores (2025: gain of Rs. 47.47 crores).

Includes Commodities derivatives gain recognised during the year - Rs. 589.47 crores (2025: gain of Rs. 2.17 crores).

d)
Break-up of expected credit loss recognised during the year is as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Expected credit loss on:
-
Trade receivables........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
81.03
108.87
-
Contract assets...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
0.10
-
Financial services receivable..............................................................................................................................................................................................
2,406.67
2,091.11
-
Other financial assets.............................................................................................................................................................................................................
108.45
80.57
Total................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,596.15
2,280.65
35. Exceptional items

On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the
Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively new Labour Codes )- consolidating
29 existing labour laws.

Accordingly, the Group has recognised the incremental impact on retiral benefits aggregating to Rs. 292.94 crores and presented the same under
Exceptional items in the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2026. The Group continues to monitor developments
on the Rules to be notified by regulatory authorities, including clarifications/ additional guidance from authorities and will continue to assess the
accounting implications, basis such developments/ guidance.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
36. Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Particulars
Profit for the year for basic EPS (Rupees crores)........................................................................................................................................................
17,098.85
12,929.10
Profit for the year for diluted EPS (Rupees crores)....................................................................................................................................................
17,055.52
12,883.49
Weighted average number of Ordinary (Equity) Shares used in computing basic EPS...................................................................
1,11,68,59,699
1,11,54,70,199
Effect of dilutive potential Ordinary (Equity) Shares..................................................................................................................................................
38,82,434
42,53,965
Weighted average number of Ordinary (Equity) Shares used in computing diluted EPS...............................................................
1,12,07,42,133
1,11,97,24,164
Basic Earnings per share (Rs.) (Face value of Rs. 5 per share)..........................................................................................................................
153.10
115.91
Diluted Earnings per share (Rs.)..................................................................................................................................................................................................
152.18
115.06
37. Employee Benefits

General description of defined benefit plans

Gratuity and pension plans

The Company and some of the group entities in India operates a gratuity plan covering qualifying employees. The benefit payable is the greater
of the amount calculated as per the Code on Social Security, 2020 or the Company scheme applicable to the employees. The benefit vests
upon completion of 5 years of continuous service except in case of Fixed term employment, where the benefit vests upon completion of
one year of continuous service. Once vested, gratuity IT is payable to employees on retirement or on termination of employment. In case of
death while in service, the gratuity is payable irrespective of vesting. Some entities makes annual contribution to the group gratuity scheme
administered by the Life Insurance Corporation of India through its Gratuity Trust Fund.

Certain overseas subsidiaries also provide for retirement benefits in the nature of pension plans in accordance with the local laws.

Few entities in the Group provide post retirement medical cover to select grade of employees to cover the retiring employee and their spouse
upto a specified age through mediclaim policy on which the premiums are paid. The eligibility of the employee for the benefit as well as the
amount of medical cover purchased is determined by the grade of the employee at the time of retirement.

(iii) Post retirement housing allowance

The Company operates a post retirement benefit scheme for a certain grade of employees in which a monthly allowance determined on the
basis of the last drawn basic salary at the time of retirement, is paid to the retiring employee in lieu of housing.

Risk exposure

Through its defined benefit plans the Company is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which are detailed below:

Asset volatility

The plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with references to government bond yields; if plan assets underperform compared
to this yield, this will create or increase a deficit. The defined benefit plans may hold equity type assets, which may carry volatility and
associated risk.

Changes in bond yields

A decrease in government bond yields will increase plan liabilities, although this is expected to be partially offset by an increase in the value
of the plan s investment in debt instruments.

(iii) Inflation risk

The present value of some of the defined benefit plan obligations are calculated with reference to the future salaries of plan participants.
As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan s liability. The post retirement medical benefit obligation is
sensitive to medical inflation and accordingly, an increase in medical inflation rate would increase the plan s liability.

(iv) Life expectancy

The present value of defined benefit plan obligation is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants, both
during and after the employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan s liability.
37. Employee Benefits (Continued)

Details of defined benefit plans as per actuarial valuation are as below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Funded Plan
Unfunded Plans
Post retirement
medical benefits
Post retirement
Amounts recognised in profit
or loss
Current service cost................................
138.47
116.70
49.20
13.53
0.93
0.56
3.13
2.51
Past service cost........................................
241.26
1.43
-
5.25
-
Net interest expense/(income).........
4.68
(3.79)
29.41
5.84
2.37
2.00
8.31
8.06
Total amount included in
employee benefits expense ..............
384.41
114.34
78.61
19.37
3.30
7.81
11.44
10.57
(ii) Amounts recognised in other
comprehensive income
Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
a) Actuarial (gains)/losses
arising from changes in:

- demographic assumptions.......
2.88
(4.65)
4.70
7.24
(1.54)
(0.05)
-

- financial assumptions.................
(6.14)
21.87
(9.86)
(3.10)
(0.24)
0.52
1.82
3.30

- experience adjustments...........
44.22
(7.16)
(2.94)
2.56
(3.78)
0.21
4.21
3.18
b) Return on plan assets,
excluding amount included in
net interest expense/(income)....
(23.95)
(14.67)
-
Total amount recognised in other
comprehensive income..........................
17.01
(4.61)
(8.10)
6.70
(5.56)
0.68
6.03
6.48
(iii) Changes in the defined benefit
obligation
Opening defined benefit
obligation.........................................................
1,431.93
1,360.23
259.65
272.32
35.66
29.04
124.71
116.29
Current service cost................................
138.47
116.70
49.20
13.53
0.93
0.56
3.13
2.51
Past service cost........................................
241.26
1.43
-
5.25
-
Interest expense.........................................
94.36
83.50
29.41
5.84
2.37
2.00
8.31
8.06
Remeasurements (gains)/ losses
arising from changes in:
- demographic assumptions...............
2.88
(4.65)
4.70
7.24
(1.54)
(0.05)
-
- financial assumptions..........................
(6.14)
21.87
(9.86)
(3.10)
(0.24)
0.52
1.82
3.30
- experience adjustments....................
44.22
(7.16)
(2.94)
2.56
(3.78)
0.21
4.21
3.18
Benefits paid.................................................
(160.79)
(151.35)
(44.61)
(38.21)
(1.89)
(1.87)
(8.63)
Liability transferred on account
of employees transferred....................
2.55
-
Business combination.............................
65.36
-
Foreign exchange translation
difference.........................................................
11.33
11.36
(17.84)
(0.53)
-
Closing defined benefit obligation.
1,865.43
1,431.93
267.71
259.65
31.51
35.66
133.55
124.71

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Particulars
Funded Plan
Unfunded Plans
Post retirement
medical benefits
Post retirement
(iv) Changes in fair value of plan
assets
Opening fair value of plan
assets..........................................................
1,444.82
1,389.85
-
Interest income....................................
89.68
87.29
-
Return on plan assets excluding
interest income....................................
23.95
14.67
-
Contributions by employer............
177.57
96.32
-
Benefits paid..........................................
(160.79)
(151.35)
-
Business combination......................
56.08
-
Foreign exchange translation
difference..................................................
4.57
8.04
-
Closing fair value of plan
assets..........................................................
1,635.88
1,444.82
-
(v) Net defined benefit obligation
Defined benefit obligation............
1,865.43
1,431.93
267.71
259.65
31.51
35.66
133.55
124.71
Fair value of plan assets .............
1,635.88
1,444.82
-
Surplus/(Deficit)...................................
(229.55)
12.89
(267.71)
(259.65)
(31.51)
(35.66)
(133.55)
(124.71)
Current portion of the above....
(33.12)
(40.95)
(142.72)
(24.35)
(2.92)
(2.81)
(8.63)
Non current portion of the
above...........................................................
(196.43)
53.84
(124.99)
(235.30)
(28.59)
(32.85)
(124.92)
(116.08)
Particulars
Actuarial assumptions
Discount rate (%).....................................................................................................................................................................................................
2.64-7.74
1.67-29.32
Attrition rate (%)......................................................................................................................................................................................................
1.54-56.00
1.45-83.05
Cost inflation (%)......................................................................................................................................................................................................
7.00-9.00
(vii) Quantitative sensitivity analysis for impact of significant assumptions
on defined benefit obligation are as below:
One percentage point increase in discount rate................................................................................................................................
(237.54)
(191.62)
One percentage point decrease in discount rate..............................................................................................................................
275.09
216.77
One percentage point increase in salary growth rate...................................................................................................................
237.16
177.91
One percentage point decrease in salary growth rate..................................................................................................................
(207.87)
(160.02)
One percentage point increase in attrition rate.................................................................................................................................
(96.01)
(76.99)
One percentage point decrease in attrition rate...............................................................................................................................
104.07
80.52
One percentage point increase in medical inflation rate.............................................................................................................
2.29
3.36
One percentage point decrease in medical inflation rate...........................................................................................................
(5.28)
(2.86)
37. Employee Benefits (Continued)

Details of defined benefit plans as per actuarial valuation are as below: (Continued)
Particulars
(viii) Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation
Time periods
Upto 1 year...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
355.15
275.12
1 - 5 years.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,008.94
786.65
6 - 9 years.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
806.35
668.87
10 years and above................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,794.93
1,441.74

Cost inflation includes an estimate of medical inflation and future salary increases taking in to account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other
relevant factors such as supply and demand in the employment market.

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 2.71 to 18.51 years (2025: 2.73 to 18.85 years)

The Group expects to contribute Rs. 194.22 crores to the Gratuity fund for the year ending 31st March, 2027

Trust-managed Provident fund
Rupees crores
Particulars
Net defined benefit obligation
Defined benefit obligation........................................................................................................................................................................................
4,022.03
3,766.63
Fair value of plan assets...........................................................................................................................................................................................
3,873.27
3,688.36
Surplus/(Deficit)...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
(148.76)
(78.27)
Actuarial assumptions
Discount rate.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
6.75%
6.90%
Average remaining tenure of investment portfolio (years)..............................................................................................................
5.88
5.66
Guaranteed rate of return.......................................................................................................................................................................................
8.25%

Notes

The Company has recognised an obligation of Rs. 148.76 crores (2025: Rs. 78.27 crores) on account of both, the interest rate guarantee
and remeasurment based on actuarial valuation.

The plan assets have been primarily invested in government securities and corporate bonds.

(iii) The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 8.61 years (2025: 8.76 years).

(iv) The Company expects to contribute Rs.147.04 crores to the Provident fund for the year ending 31st March, 2027.

Group s contribution (in respect of companies where applicable) for Provident Fund and Superannuation Fund aggregating Rs. 555.82 crores
(2025: Rs. 508.46 crores) has been recognised in the Profit or Loss under Employee Benefits Expense .
38. Employee Stock Option Plan

The Company has setup Mahindra & Mahindra Employees Stock Option Trust (M&M ESOP Trust) and allotted certain ordinary shares which IT holds for the
benefit of the employees and issues them to the eligible employees as per the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC).

Mahindra and Mahindra Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2010 ( 2010 Scheme )

The Company has granted options at an exercise price of Rs 5.00 which vests in 2 to 5 instalments ranging from 12 to 84 months from the date of
grant. The exercise period of the options ranges from 1 year to 6 years from the date of vesting. Number of vested options exercisable is subject to a
minimum of 50 or number of options vested, whichever is lower.

Summary of stock options
No. of stock
Weighted
average exercise
price (Rs.)
Options outstanding on 1st April, 2025.....................................................................................................................................................................
40,38,164
4.97
Options granted during the year ...................................................................................................................................................................................
23,79,508
5.00
Options forfeited/lapsed during the year ................................................................................................................................................................
1,23,569
4.82
Options exercised during the year ...............................................................................................................................................................................
12,56,215
4.95
Options outstanding on 31st March, 2026...............................................................................................................................................................
50,37,888
4.99
Options vested but not exercised on 31st March, 2026
11,56,180
4.98
37. Employee Benefits (Continued)

Details of defined benefit plans as per actuarial valuation are as below: (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
38. Employee stock option plan (Continued)
Average share price on the date of exercise of the options are as under
Date of exercise
Weighted
average share
price (Rs.)
1st April, 2025 to 24th March, 2026............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,438.88
Information in respect of options outstanding as at 31st March, 2026
Range of exercise price
Number of
Weighted
average
remaining life
Rs. 2.50*...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
10,093
0.68 years
Rs. 5.00.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
50,27,795
4.05 years
* adjusted for the effect of bonus
The fair values of options granted during the year are as follows:
Grant Date
No. of years
vesting
Fair value per
2nd May, 2025...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 2831.55
30th July, 2025............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3108.00
30th July, 2025............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3083.76
3rd November, 2025.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3395.59
10th February, 2026.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2 years
Rs. 3467.10
10th February, 2026.................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rs. 3517.93
The fair value has been calculated using the Black Scholes Options Pricing Model and the significant assumptions made in this regard are as
follows:
Grant date and vesting period
2nd May,
(5 years vesting)
30th July,
(5 years vesting)
3rd November,
10th February,
(2 years vesting)
10th February,
Risk free interest rate..........................
6.01%
5.85%
5.97%
6.00%
6.43%
6.08%
Expected life...............................................
4.5 years
5.6 years
Expected volatility..................................
30.02%
27.79%
29.56%
27.73%
30.74%
27.24%
Expected dividend yield......................
0.72%
0.79%
0.73%
0.70%
Exercise Price (Rs.).................................
5.00
Stock Price (Rs.).......................................
2,928.80
3,199.40
3,487.20
3,609.60
Stock options granted to employees are accounted in accordance with the requirements of IND AS 102 - Share based payments. Consequently,
share based payment expense recognised by the Company in profit or loss after adjusting for reversals on account of options forfeited amounted to
Rs. 297.91 crores for the year ended 31st March 2026 (2025: Rs.105.87 crores) and included in salaries, wages and bonus, etc.
39. Capital management

The Group s capital management strategy is to effectively determine, raise and deploy capital so as to create value for its shareholders. The same is done
through a mix of either equity and/or preference and/or convertible and/or combination of short term /long term debt as may be appropriate.

The Group determines the amount of capital required on the basis of its product, capital expenditure, operations and strategic investment plans.
The same is funded through a combination of capital sources be IT either equity and/or preference and/or convertible and/or combination of short term/
long term debt as may be appropriate.

The capital structure is monitored on the basis of net debt to equity and maturity profile of overall debt portfolio of the Group.

The retail loan finance business of the companies in financial service business is subject to the capital adequacy requirements of the Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) and National Housing Bank (NHB). Under capital adequacy guidelines, these companies are required to maintain a capital adequacy ratio
consisting of Tier I and Tier II Capital. The total of Tier II Capital at any point of time, shall not exceed 100 percent of Tier I Capital. The Group companies
in the financial services business have complied with all regulatory requirements related to regulatory capital and capital adequacy ratios as prescribed
by RBI and NHB.
39. Capital management (Continued)

Net Debt and Equity other than financial services segment is given in the table below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Total Equity..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
82,799.04
67,525.03
Net Debt
Short term debt......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,500.45
1,394.74
Long term debt........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,187.02
3,058.94
Gross Debt.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,687.47
4,453.68
Less
Current investments.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
18,452.22
16,431.95
Cash and Bank Balances...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
28,329.07
15,182.33
Net Debt......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(43,093.82)
(27,160.60)
Total Capital deployed....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
39,705.22
40,364.43
40. Financial instruments

Financial Risk Management Framework

In the course of its business, the Group is exposed to certain financial risks namely credit risk, interest risk, currency risk & liquidity risk. The Group s
primary focus is to achieve better predictability of financial markets and seek to minimize potential adverse effects on its financial performance.

The financial risks are managed in accordance with the risk management policy which has been approved by Board of Directors of the respective Group

Board of Directors of financial services businesses have established Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO), which is responsible for developing
and monitoring risk management policies for their businesses. The financial services businesses are exposed to high credit risk given the unbanked rural
customer base and diminishing value of collateral. The credit risk is managed through credit norms established based on historical experience.

Market Risk Management

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates etc. could affect the Group s income or the
value of its holdings of financial instruments including cash flow. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk
exposures within acceptable parameters, while maximising the return.

Currency Risk

The Group s exposure to currency risk relates primarily to the Group s operating activities including anticipated sales & purchase and borrowings
where the transactions are denominated in foreign currencies.

The Group s foreign currency exposures are managed within approved parameters. The Group hedges its foreign currency risk mainly by way
of Forward Covers. Other derivative instruments may also be used if deemed appropriate.

The carrying amounts of the Group s foreign currency exposure at the end of the reporting period are as follows :
Rupees crores
Particulars
US Dollar
Euro
JPY
AUD
Others
Total
As at 31st March, 2026
Financial Assets .............................................................................
2,566.85
114.46
16.11
608.78
399.69
3,705.89
Financial Liabilities ......................................................................
6,547.92
115.95
13.50
87.60
1,177.61
7,942.58
As at 31st March, 2025
Financial Assets .............................................................................
3,436.70
212.24
46.09
311.58
545.34
4,551.95
Financial Liabilities ......................................................................
6,854.95
288.54
1,013.17
81.13
176.01
8,413.81

Hedge Accounting - Forwards & Options

Contracts that meet the requirements for hedge accounting are accounted as per the hedge accounting requirements of Ind AS 109 -Financial
Instruments, while other contracts are accounted as derivatives measured through profit or loss.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts

Details of foreign currency forward contracts and options outstanding at the end of reporting period
Rupees crores
Outstanding Contracts
Notional
included in Other Financial
Assets / (Liabilities)
Notional
in Other Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)
Cash Flow Hedges
Buy currency

Maturing in 1+ year

-
USD/INR ..................................................
5,141.00
400.80
5,141.00
(90.31)

-
JPY/INR.......................................................
-
831.13
(221.16)

-
USD/INR......................................................
332.45
18.24
827.70
17.08
Sell currency

Maturing in 1+ year

-
USD/INR ..................................................
-
2,026.87
13.20

-
USD/INR ....................................................
888.93
(56.10)
-

-
GBP/INR ....................................................
13.82
*
-

-
ZAR/INR ....................................................
1,360.27
(16.84)
1,149.38
(3.40)

-
EUR/INR ....................................................
9.69
0.16
38.88
0.13

-
CAD/INR ....................................................
0.50
*
-

-
AUD/INR ....................................................
717.50
(28.39)
437.15
11.17

-
JPY/INR .....................................................
-
40.18
0.26

-
BRL/INR ....................................................
225.06
(10.79)
62.07
0.76
307.08
(272.27)
# Notional value of respective currency pair have been converted into presentation currency i.e. INR using year end closing exchange rate
* denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000
The Company also has outstanding forward exchange forward contracts and options that are not accounted as hedges. Details of the same
are as below:
Rupees crores
Outstanding Contracts
Notional
included in Other Financial
Assets / (Liabilities)
Notional
in Other Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)
Buy currency

-
JPY/INR.......................................................
-
545.47
(50.74)

-
EUR/INR.....................................................
825.40
6.98
67.64
(0.45)

-
USD/INR......................................................
2,508.25
103.34
3,414.90
(66.88)

-
GBP/INR......................................................
-
4.10
*

-
EURO/TRY.................................................
-
98.36
(4.81)

-
USD/CNH....................................................
13.78
(0.55)
-
Sell currency

-
USD/INR ....................................................
279.53
(16.93)
254.05
0.59

-
USD/JPY ...................................................
65.94
(3.41)
0.15
(0.08)
89.43
(122.37)
# Notional value of respective currency pair have been converted into presentation currency i.e. INR using year end closing exchange rate.
* denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Market Risk Management (Continued)

Interest Risk

The Group uses a mix of cash and borrowings to manage the liquidity and fund requirements of its day to day operations. Interest rate risk
on borrowings is managed by way of interest rate swaps.

Details of Interest Rate Swaps outstanding at the end of reporting period:
Rupees crores
Outstanding Contracts
Notional
included in Other Financial
Assets / (Liabilities)
Notional
in Other Financial Assets/
(Liabilities)
Cash Flow Hedges
Floating to fixed Interest Rate Swaps

Maturing in 1+ years

1,541.16
(5.06)
1,541.16
(17.66)
Not accounted as Hedges
Fixed to Floating Interest Rate Swaps

100.00
(0.63)
-

Maturing in 1+ years

-
100.00
(1.56)
(5.69)
(19.22)

(iii) The movements in cash flow hedge reserve for instruments designated in a cash flow hedge are as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Exchange
Rate Risk
Interest
Rate Risk
Total
Exchange
Rate Risk
Interest Rate
Risk hedges
Total
Balance at the beginning of the year.................
(74.47)
(57.28)
(131.75)
(66.88)
(7.21)
(74.09)
(Gains)/Losses transferred to Profit or Loss on
occurrence of the forecast transaction....................
(157.86)
-
(157.86)
0.65
-
0.65
Change in fair value of effective portion of
cash flow hedges...............................................................
704.06
(463.02)
241.04
(2.56)
(66.92)
(69.48)
Total...........................................................................................
471.73
(520.30)
(48.57)
(68.79)
(74.13)
(142.92)
Deferred tax on the above.........................................
(137.45)
116.53
(20.92)
(0.73)
16.85
16.12
Balance at the end of the year.........................
334.28
(403.77)
(69.49)
(69.52)
(57.28)
(126.80)
Add: Share of associates/joint ventures..............
(79.54)
-
(79.54)
(29.91)
-
(29.91)
Deferred tax on share of associates /joint
ventures...................................................................................
(0.41)
-
(0.41)
0.78
-
0.78
Add /(Less): Non-controlling interest.....................
(37.92)
-
(37.92)
24.18
-
24.18
Less: Disposal of partial stake in associate.......
65.77
-
65.77
-
Total...........................................................................................
282.18
(403.77)
(121.59)
(74.47)
(57.28)
(131.75)
Of the above:
Balance relating to continuing hedges..............
282.18
(403.77)
(121.59)
(74.47)
(57.28)
(131.75)
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Market Risk Management (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts

(iv) Sensitivity Analysis

Foreign Currency Sensitivity

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in major exchange rates, with all other variables held constant.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Currency
Change in rate
Effect on
Profit Before
Tax
Effect on pre-
tax equity*
Year ended 31st March, 2026.......................................................................................
USD/INR
+10%
(39.56)
-
EUR/INR
+10%
(92.61)
-
AUD/INR
+10%
5.45
25.31
Year ended 31st March, 2025...........................................................................................
USD/INR
+10%
72.27
-
EUR/INR
+10%
(2.81)
-
AUD/INR
+10%
6.93
29.38

* Related to items directly accounted in reserves only

The sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk because the exposure at the end of the reporting period does
not reflect the exposure during the year.

Interest Rate sensitivity

The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on exposure to interest rate for both derivative and non-derivative instruments
at the end of reporting period. For floating rate liabilities, analysis is prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the end of the
reporting period was outstanding for the whole year.

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans and borrowings
affected, after the impact of hedge accounting. With all other variables held constant, the Group s profit before tax is affected through the
impact on floating rate borrowings, as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Currency
Increase /
decrease in
basis points
Effect on
profit before
Effect on pre-
tax equity*
Year ended 31st March, 2026...................................................................................
INR
(67.11)
-
EUR
(3.07)
-
Year ended 31st March, 2025.......................................................................................
INR
(96.84)
-
EUR
(1.91)
-

* Related to items directly accounted in reserves only

Credit Risk Management

Credit Risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. The Group usually
deals with creditworthy counterparties and obtain sufficient collateral, where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from
defaults. The exposure is continuously monitored.

Financial Guarantees

In addition, the Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to financial guarantees given to banks. The Group s maximum exposure in this respect
is the maximum amount the Group could have to pay if the guarantee is called on. The amount recognised in Balance Sheet as liabilities and
maximum exposure details are as given below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Maximum exposure......................................................................................................................................................................................................
-
572.29
Amount recognised as liability ...........................................................................................................................................................................
-
6.58
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Credit Risk Management (Continued)

Trade Receivables

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by Ind AS 109, which permits the use of the lifetime
expected loss provision for all trade receivables. The Group has computed expected credit losses based on a provision matrix which uses
historical credit loss experience of the Group. Forward-looking information (including macroeconomic information) has been incorporated into
the determination of expected credit losses.

Reconciliation of loss allowance for Trade Receivables:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Balance as at beginning of the year........................................................................................................................................................
478.99
416.70
Additions during the year.......................................................................................................................................................................................
99.93
141.03
Amounts written off during the year.............................................................................................................................................................
(54.28)
(36.11)
Impairment losses reversed/written back...................................................................................................................................................
(33.56)
(42.46)
Foreign exchange translation difference......................................................................................................................................................
2.47
(0.17)
On account of disposal of subsidiaries.........................................................................................................................................................
(2.73)
-
Balance as at end of the year.......................................................................................................................................................................
490.82
478.99

The Group s maximum exposure to credit risk in respect of Financial Guarantee contracts are disclosed in note 40(b)(i).

In respect of other financial assets, the maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each
class of financial assets.

(iii) The Company has agreed to compensate a portion of potential losses arising from sale of repossession of certain products by the financers
of end consumers. The exposure of the Company to such losses is contractually capped at both an individual loan and portfolio level.
The gross loans by third party financiers associated with such arrangements as at 31 March 2026 was Rs. 1,767.74 crores (2025:
Rs. 1,795.65 crores). Based on historical experience and portfolio assessment, the Company has carried a provision of Rs. 33.41 crores
(2025: Rs. 35.39 crores) in respect of expected exposure on the portfolio.

(iv) Credit risk related to financial services business

Financial services business has a comprehensive framework for monitoring credit quality of its Retail and other loans based on days past due
monitoring. Repayment by individual customers and portfolio is tracked regularly and required steps for recovery is taken through follow ups
and legal recourse.

The following tables set out information about credit quality of loan assets measured at amortised cost:

Retail Loans
Rupees crores
Particulars
Gross carrying value of Retail and SME loan assets
Neither Past due nor impaired............................................................................................................................................................................
1,17,693.82
1,01,911.75
Past due but not impaired

30 days past due.............................................................................................................................................................................................
11,000.30
10,435.08

31-90 days past due.....................................................................................................................................................................................
6,757.40
6,981.83
Impaired (more than 90 days).............................................................................................................................................................................
4,789.90
5,059.32
Total Gross carrying value as at reporting date ..........................................................................................................................
1,40,241.42
1,24,387.98
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Credit Risk Management (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Credit Risk Management (Continued)

Trade Advances
Rupees crores
Particulars
Gross carrying amount of trade advances
Less than 60 days past due................................................................................................................................................................................
3,152.16
3,188.49
61-90 days past due.................................................................................................................................................................................................
2.93
2.32
Impaired (more than 90 days)............................................................................................................................................................................
6.00
8.38
Total Gross carrying value as at reporting date .........................................................................................................................
3,161.09
3,199.19

Inputs considered in the ECL model

In assessing the impairment of loans assets under Expected Credit Loss (ECL) Model, the loan assets have been segmented into three stages.
The three stages reflect the general pattern of credit deterioration of a financial instrument. The differences in accounting between stages,
relate to the recognition of expected credit losses and the calculation and presentation of interest revenue.

The financial services business categorises loan assets (except trade advances) into stages based on the days past due status:

- Stage 1: 0-30 days past due

- Stage 2: 31-90 days past due

- Stage 3: More than 90 days

The financial services business categorises trade advances into stages primarily based on the days past due status:

- Stage 1: 0-60 days past due

- Stage 2: 61-90 days past due

- Stage 3: More than 90 days

Assumptions considered in the ECL model

The financial services business has made the following assumptions in the ECL Model:

- Loss given default (LGD) is common for all three Stages and is based on loss in past portfolio. Actual cash flows are discounted at
loan EIR rate for arriving loss rate.

- Probability of Default (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD at 100%.

Estimation Technique

The financial services business has applied the following estimation technique in its ECL model:

Probability of Default (PD) is an estimate of likelihood or risk of default occurring over a particular time horizon. The measurement of risk of
defaults is computed on homogenous portfolios, generally by nature of loans, tenors, underlying collateral, geographies and borrower profiles.
The default risk is assessed using PD (probability of default) derived from past behavioural trends of default across the identified homogenous
portfolios. These past trends factor in the past customer behavioural trends, credit transition probabilities and macroeconomic conditions. The
assessed PDs are then aligned considering future economic conditions that are determined to have a bearing on ECL.

- Loss given default is calculated based on discounted actual cash flow on past portfolio in default along with reversals.

Forward Looking Information

In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the financial services business considers historical loss rates on portfolio over a period which
covers most external factors like drought, government and policy changes etc and these historical PDs are converted into forward looking
PDs considering macro-economic variables like agricultural, GDP/Government consumption related parameters.

Assessment of significant increase in credit risk

When determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, the financial services business considers
both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on the business s historical experience, including forward-looking information.
The financial services business considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost and effort.
The financial services business s accounting policy is not to use the practical expedient that the financial assets with low credit risk at the
reporting date are deemed not to have had a significant increase in credit risk. As a result the financial services business monitors all financial
assets and loan commitments that are subject to impairment for significant increase in credit risk.

Definition of default

The financial services business considers a financial asset to be in default and therefore Stage 3 (credit impaired) for ECL calculations when
the borrower becomes 90 days past due on its contractual payments.

Since financial services business portfolio predominantly includes retail loan portfolio with around 12 million loan accounts making IT difficult
to define default at an individual loan account, IT has considered 90 days past due as the event of default. The same is also in line with the
regulator s definition of default of 90 days past due.

Policy for write off of Loan Assets

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when there is no realistic prospect of further recovery. This is generally the case
when the financial services business determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash
flows to repay the amounts subject to the write- off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities
under the recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

Impairment loss

The expected credit loss allowance provision is determined as follows:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Stage-1
Stage-2
Stage-3
Total
Gross Balance as at 31st March, 2026 ...........................................................
1,28,694.12
6,757.40
4,789.90
1,40,241.42
Expected credit loss rate .........................................................................................
0.59%
8.03%
58.97%
Carrying amount as at 31st March, 2026 (net of impairment
provision)..............................................................................................................................
1,27,934.02
6,214.73
1,965.13
1,36,113.88
Gross Balance as at 31st March, 2025 ...........................................................
1,12,346.83
6,981.83
5,059.32
1,24,387.98
Expected credit loss rate .........................................................................................
0.52%
9.32%
55.53%
Carrying amount as at 31st March, 2025 (net of impairment
provision) .............................................................................................................................
1,11,757.23
6,331.27
2,249.74
1,20,338.24

Level of Assessment - Aggregation Criteria

The financial services business recognises the expected credit losses on a collective basis that takes into account comprehensive credit risk
information and considers the economic and risk characteristics, pricing range and sector concentration.

Reconciliation of loss allowance provision for Retail and SME loans
Rupees crores
Particulars
Stage-1
Stage-2
Stage-3
Total
Balance as at 1st April, 2025..............................................................................
589.60
650.56
2,809.58
4,049.74
- Transferred to Stage-1...........................................................................................
187.53
(114.54)
(72.99)
-
- Transferred to Stage-2...........................................................................................
(19.73)
70.02
(50.29)
-
- Transferred to Stage-3...........................................................................................
(7.53)
(103.43)
110.96
-
Loans that have been derecognised during the year.............................
(68.07)
(130.47)
(1,090.79)
(1,289.33)
New loans originated during the year...............................................................
356.41
38.96
87.50
482.87
Write-offs................................................................................................................................
(0.07)
(10.26)
(580.95)
(591.28)
Net remeasurement of loss allowance.............................................................
(278.04)
141.83
1,611.75
1,475.54
Balance as at 31st March, 2026.......................................................................
760.10
542.67
2,824.77
4,127.54
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Credit Risk Management (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Particulars
Stage-1
Stage-2
Stage-3
Total
Balance as at 1st April, 2024.............................................................................
608.74
645.92
2,407.85
3,662.51
- Transferred to Stage-1..........................................................................................
159.29
(104.02)
(55.27)
-
- Transferred to Stage-2..........................................................................................
(31.27)
79.83
(48.56)
-
- Transferred to Stage-3..........................................................................................
(10.80)
(122.40)
133.20
-
Loans that have been derecognised during the year............................
(67.01)
(128.76)
(720.48)
(916.25)
New loans originated during the year..............................................................
288.40
69.51
109.56
467.47
Write-offs ..............................................................................................................................
(0.06)
(4.15)
(530.36)
(534.57)
Net remeasurement of loss allowance............................................................
(357.69)
214.63
1,513.64
1,370.58
Balance as at 31st March, 2025......................................................................
589.60
650.56
2,809.58
4,049.74

Trade advances
Rupees crores
Particulars
Loss allowance provision.....................................................................................................................................................................................
12.77
25.11

Impairment loss on financial services receivable for the year ended 31st March, 2026 recognised in profit or loss of Rs. 2,406.67 crores (2025:
Rs. 2,091.11 crores) includes bad debts and write offs of Rs. 2,335.80 crores (2025: Rs. 1,698.07 crores), provision for expected credit loss
of Rs. 65.46 crores (2025: provision of Rs. 392.99 crores) and provision for loan commitments of Rs. 5.41 crores (2025: provision of Rs.
0.05 crores).

During the year ended 31st March, 2026, financial services business has created management overlay of Rs. 908.76 crores.

12 months ECL and lifetime ECL not credit impaired are collectively assessed. Lifetime ECL credit impaired are individually assessed.

Loan which are written off continue to be subject of enforcement activity.

Significant changes in the gross carrying value that contributed to change in loss allowance

The financial services business mostly provides loans to retail individual customers in Rural and Semi urban area which are of small ticket size.
Change in any single customer repayment will not impact significantly to provisioning. All customers are being monitored based on past due
status of outstanding loan and corrective actions are taken accordingly to limit the financial services businesses risk.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial services business s loan portfolio is predominantly to finance retail automobile and housing loans. The financial services business
manages concentration of risk primarily by geographical region in India. The following table shows the geographical concentrations of financial
loans as at year end:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Carrying Value ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,43,402.51
1,27,587.17
Concentration by Geographical region
North ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
47,476.91
41,709.20
East .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
24,305.96
22,789.93
West ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
43,463.12
37,449.66
South ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
28,156.52
25,638.38
Total Loans ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,43,402.51
1,27,587.17

Maximum Exposure to credit Risk

The maximum exposure to credit risk of loans is their carrying amount. The maximum exposure is before considering the effect of mitigation
through collateral.
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Credit Risk Management (Continued)

Narrative Description of Collateral

Collateral primarily include vehicles purchased by retail loan customers, residential property in case of housing loan and machinery &
property in case of SME customers. The financial investments are secured by way of a first ranking pari-passu and charge created by way of
hypothecation on the receivables of the other company.

Gross value of total secured loans to value of collateral
Rupees crores
Loan To Value (LTV)
Gross value of secured loans
Upto 50% coverage.........................................................................................................................................................................................
14,491.14
12,765.10
51 - 70% coverage..........................................................................................................................................................................................
22,594.74
19,684.85
71 - 100% coverage.......................................................................................................................................................................................
73,858.16
67,699.08
Above 100% coverage..................................................................................................................................................................................
24,714.97
21,285.88
1,35,659.01
1,21,434.91

Quantitative Information of Collateral - Credit Impaired assets

(Collateral Coverage - Value of collateral available to mitigate the credit exposure)
Rupees crores
Loan To Value (LTV)
Gross Value of loans in stage 3
Upto 50% coverage.........................................................................................................................................................................................
782.33
941.47
51 - 70% coverage..........................................................................................................................................................................................
847.14
970.57
71 - 100% coverage.......................................................................................................................................................................................
1,671.03
1,881.49
Above 100% coverage..................................................................................................................................................................................
1,489.40
1,265.79
4,789.90
5,059.32

Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety - Securitisation transactions

The financial services business has transferred certain pools of fixed rate loan receivables backed by underlying assets in the form of tractors,
vehicles, equipments etc. by entering in to securitisation transactions with the Special Purpose Vehicle Trusts ( SPV Trust ) sponsored by
Commercial banks for consideration received in cash at the inception of the transaction.

The financial services business, being Originator of these loan receivables, also acts as Servicer with a responsibility of collection of receivables
from its borrowers and depositing the same in Collection and Payout Account maintained by the SPV Trust for making scheduled payouts
to the investors in Pass Through Certificates (PTCs) issued by the SPV Trust. These securitisation transactions also requires the financial
services business to provide for first loss credit enhancement in various forms, such as corporate guarantee, cash collateral, subscription to
subordinated PTCs etc. as credit support in the event of shortfall in collections from underlying loan contracts. By virtue of existence of credit
enhancement, the financial services business is exposed to credit risk, being the expected losses that will be incurred on the transferred loan
receivables to the extent of the credit enhancement provided.

In view of the above, the financial services business has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset
and thereby does not meet the derecognition criteria as set out in Ind AS 109.

The following table provide a summary of financial assets that have been transferred in such a way that part or all of the transferred financial
assets do not qualify for derecognition, together with the associated liabilities:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Securitisations
Carrying amount of transferred assets measured at amortised cost......................................................................
12,731.04
8,623.56
Carrying amount of associated liabilities......................................................................................................................................
12,928.11
8,732.98
Fair value of assets (A)...............................................................................................................................................................................
13,325.56
8,482.49
Fair value of associated liabilities (B)...............................................................................................................................................
13,233.71
8,909.62
Net position (A-B)
91.86
(427.13)
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Credit Risk Management (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
40. Financial instruments (Continued)

Liquidity risk management

Maturity profile of non-derivative financial liabilities

The following table details the Group s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment periods.
The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can
be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Less than
1. Year
1-3 Years
3. Years to
5. Years
and above
As at 31st March, 2026
Borrowings - Principal .........................................................................................................
56,144.57
56,005.88
9,455.84
8,093.25
Borrowings - Interest ...........................................................................................................
7,314.51
7,034.30
2,082.91
3,108.60
Trade payables .........................................................................................................................
37,888.67
-
Lease Liabilities (including interest)............................................................................
789.82
1,139.31
1,035.54
2,415.98
Other Financial Liabilities...................................................................................................
4,168.64
397.87
10.79
129.80
Total.................................................................................................................................................
1,06,306.21
64,577.36
12,585.08
13,747.63
As at 31st March, 2025
Borrowings - Principal .........................................................................................................
41,465.76
56,776.23
15,067.65
8,211.62
Borrowings - Interest ...........................................................................................................
7,629.35
8,499.08
2,575.18
3,451.33
Trade payables...........................................................................................................................
30,855.30
-
Financial Guarantees ...........................................................................................................
572.29
-
Lease Liabilities (including interest)............................................................................
832.48
1,240.61
969.66
2,017.74
Other Financial Liabilities...................................................................................................
3,232.76
480.94
14.26
110.37
Total.................................................................................................................................................
84,587.94
66,996.86
18,626.75
13,791.06

The amounts included above for financial guarantee contracts are the maximum amounts the Group could be forced to settle under the
arrangement for the full guaranteed amount if that amount is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee. Based on expectations at
the end of the reporting period, the Group considers that IT is more likely than not that such an amount will not be payable under the
arrangement.

Maturity profile of derivative financial liabilities

The following table details the Group s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Less than
1. Year
1-3 Years
3. Years to
5. Years
As at 31st March, 2026
Interest rate & currency swaps...............................................................................................................................
-
7.23
0.87
Foreign exchange forward contracts...................................................................................................................
172.59
-
Commodity futures...........................................................................................................................................................
53.32
-
Gross obligation to acquire non-controlling interests.............................................................................
-
88.52
-
Total .........................................................................................................................................................................................
225.91
95.75
0.87
As at 31st March, 2025
Interest rate & currency swaps...............................................................................................................................
8.21
59.79
20.96
Foreign exchange forward contracts...................................................................................................................
365.71
49.81
-
Commodity futures...........................................................................................................................................................
20.24
-
Gross obligation to acquire non-controlling interests.............................................................................
-
86.11
-
Total ...........................................................................................................................................................................................
394.16
195.71
20.96
40. Financial Instruments (Continued)

Fair Value Disclosures

Financial Instruments regularly measured using fair value - recurring items
Rupees crores
Particulars
Financial
Fair Value
Category
Fair value
Fair value
Significant
Relationship of
1). Foreign currency
forwards, Interest rate
Financial
Assets
Financial
Instruments
FVTPL / FVTOCI
- Non-current
402.60
18.45. Level 2
Discounted Cash Flow
-
Financial
Instruments
FVTPL / FVTOCI
- Current
577.51
62.32. Level 2
2). Investment in
debentures / bonds -
Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Non-
302.41
308.18. Level 1
-
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
1,147.61
1,699.06 Level 1
3). Investment in
debentures / bonds -
Unquoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non-
106.16
90.75. Level 3
Income Approach -
Discounted Cash Flow
For Discounted Cash Flow approach - The discounted cash
in key assumptions will
result in increase or
decrease in valuation
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
-
149.61. Level 2
Discounted Cash Flow
4). Investment in
preference shares
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non-
0.55
0.08. Level 3
Income Approach -
Discounted Cash Flow
For Discounted Cash Flow approach - The discounted cash
in key assumptions will
result in increase or
decrease in valuation

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Particulars
Financial
Fair Value
Category
Fair value
Fair value
Significant
Relationship of
5) Investment in equity
instruments -Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Non-
1.77
162.26. Level 1
-
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
0.01
0.01. Level 1
Financial
FVTPL - Non-
0.10
622.43. Level 1
6). Investment in
equity instruments-
Unquoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Non-
33.83
39.26. Level 3
Discounted Cash Flow
/ Market Multiple
For Discounted Cash Flow approach - The discounted cash
term revenue growth rates, long term pre tax operating
profit margin, WACC, Discount for lack of market for
respective equity instrument
For Market Multiple approach - In this approach fair value
is derived based on market multiples like PE multiple,
Enterprise value (EV) multiple, Revenue Multiple etc.
Financial projections
operating margins,
etc and discount
rates to discount
future cash flows.
in key assumptions,
multiples will result in
increase or decrease in
valuation.
Financial
FVTPL - Non-
38.84
29.43. Level 3
Discounted Cash Flow
7). Investments in
Infrastructure
Investment Trust -
Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non-
490.27
366.06. Level 1
-
8). Investment in
government securities
- Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Non-
2,592.29
2,511.03 Level 1
-
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
764.19
1,752.53 Level 1
9) Investment in mutual
funds-Quoted
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Current
17,282.15
14,241.83 Level 1
-
10). Investment in
alternate investment
fund
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTPL - Non-
21.43
27.41. Level 1
-
40. Financial Instruments (Continued)

Fair Value Disclosures (Continued)

Rupees crores
40. Financial Instruments (Continued)

Fair Value Disclosures (Continued)

Rupees crores
Particulars
Financial
Fair Value
Category
Fair value
Fair value
Significant
Relationship of
11). Investment in
commercial paper
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
-
97.68. Level 2
Discounted Cash Flow
-
Financial
FVTPL - Current
124.03
618.63. Level 2
12). Investment in
certificate of deposits
Financial
Assets
Financial
FVTOCI - Current
170.16
325.95. Level 2
Discounted Cash Flow
-
Financial
FVTPL - Current
773.60
2,330.40 Level 2
13). Foreign currency
forwards and
options, Interest rate
Financial
Liabilities
Financial
Instruments
FVTPL - Non-
7.48
114.79. Level 2
Foreign currency
forwards, Interest rate
derivatives - Discounted
Cash Flow and Interest
Options - Black Scholes
valuation model
Strike rate, spot rate, time to maturity, volatility and risk
free interest rate.
-
Financial
Instruments
FVTPL - Current
225.22
381.84. Level 2
14). Gross obligation
to acquire non-
controlling interest
Financial
Liabilities
Financial
Instruments
FVTPL - Non-
88.52
86.11. Level 3
Comparable Companies
Method / Discounted
Cash-flow / Price of
recent transactions /
Comparable Companies
quoted multiples
For Comparable Companies Method / Comparable
Companies Quoted Multiples - compare the price for which
comparable companies are traded on the capital market.
For Discounted Cash Flow - Companies Financial
statement of profit and loss account along with underlying
cashflows, financial
Any change (increase
/ decrease) in the
discount factor, financial
projections etc. would
entail corresponding
change in the valuation
of gross obligation to
acquire non-controlling
interest.
15). Compulsory
convertible
preference shares
Financial
Liabilities
Financial
Instruments
FVTPL - Non-
2,972.76
4,075.27 Level 3
Income Approach
- Discounted Cash
Flow/ Market Multiple
For Discounted Cash Flow approach - The discounted cash
For Market Multiple approach - In this approach fair value
is derived based on market multiples like Revenue multiple,
etc.
cashflows, financial
Market multiples
used for
benchmarking.
in key assumptions,
multiples will result in
increase or decrease in
valuation.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
40. Financial Instruments (Continued)

Fair Value Disclosures (Continued)

Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial instruments measured at fair value
Rupees crores
Particulars
Unquoted
Equity
investment
Investment in
debentures /
bonds /
Preference
shares etc
Derivatives on
interest over
Subsidiaries
ventures (Net)
Compulsorily
convertible
preference
Gross
obligation to
acquire non-
Year Ended 31st March, 2026
Opening balance........................................................................
68.69
90.83
-
(4,075.27)
(86.11)
in profit/(loss).....................................................................
3.32
(2.28)
-
83.64
-
Purchases, issued, sale/redemption:
Purchases.............................................................................
1.05
3.96
-
Sale/Redemption/Conversion..................................
-
1,018.87
-
Impairment during the year ...............................................
(6.66)
-
Adjustment for share of losses of joint ventures .....
-
14.20
-
Exchange differences ..............................................................
6.27
-
(2.41)
Closing balance ........................................................................
72.67
106.71
-
(2,972.76)
(88.52)
Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Opening balance........................................................................
119.80
258.64
14.69
(2,021.73)
(82.64)
in profit/(loss).....................................................................
(49.95)
(0.28)
(14.69)
18.18
-
in other comprehensive income...........................
(3.24)
-
Purchases, issued, sale/redemption:
Purchases.............................................................................
-
48.88
-
Issued.......................................................................................
-
(2,050.00)
-
Sale/Redemption/Conversion..................................
-
(216.50)
-
Transfer of fair value loss from other liability on
issue of CCPS during the year...........................................
-
(21.72)
-
Adjustment for share of losses of joint ventures....
-
0.09
-
Exchange differences................................................................
2.08
-
(3.47)
Closing balance..........................................................................
68.69
90.83
-
(4,075.27)
(86.11)

Equity Investments designated at FVTOCI
Rupees crores
Particulars
Investment in quoted and unquoted equity instruments:
Fair value of investments.......................................................................................................................................................................................
35.61
201.53

Financial Instruments measured at amortised cost
Rupees crores
Particulars
Carrying Value
Fair value
Fair value
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
As at 31st March, 2026
Financial assets

a) Investments..............................................................
1,362.42
1,381.07
994.80
386.27
-

b) Financial Services Receivable......................
1,39,262.20
1,50,008.31
-
1,50,008.31
Financial liabilities

Non-Current Borrowings..........................................
73,469.93
76,927.81
23,677.78
53,250.03
-
As at 31st March, 2025
Financial assets

a) Investments..............................................................
1,759.30
1,793.03
1,268.53
524.50
-

b) Financial Services Receivable......................
1,23,512.32
1,25,309.28
-
1,25,309.28
Financial liabilities

Non-Current Borrowings..........................................
79,707.19
80,865.46
22,261.52
58,603.94
-

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year.

Valuation methodologies of financial instruments not measured at fair value

Below are the methodologies and assumptions used to determine fair values for the above financial instruments which are not recorded and
measured at fair value in the company s financial statements. These fair values were calculated for disclosure purposes only.

Investments

The fair value of government and other securities that are quoted is based on the quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.
For other unquoted investments, the fair value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates.

Financial Services Receivable

The fair values of financial services receivables are calculated using a portfolio-based approach, grouping loans as far as possible into
homogenous groups based on similar characteristics. The fair value is then extrapolated to the portfolio using discounted cash flow models
that incorporate interest rate estimates considering all significant characteristics of the loans. This fair value is then reduced by impairment
allowance which is already calculated incorporating probability of defaults and loss given defaults to arrive at fair value net of risk.

Non-Current Borrowings

The fair value of borrowings which have a quoted market price in an active market is based on its market price and for other borrowings the
fair value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows, using current interest rates.

Except for the above, the carrying value of financial assets/liabilities measured at amortised cost represent reasonable estimate of fair value.
41. Significant acquisitions and changes in ownership

SML Mahindra Limited (SML) (Formerly known as SML Isuzu Limited)

On 1st August, 2025, the Group acquired 58.96% in SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly known as SML Isuzu Limited). SML is a listed company in India primarily
in the business of manufacturing and sale of light commercial vehicles (LCVs) and medium commercial vehicles (MCVs) in the automobile industry and has
a product portfolio comprising buses, trucks, and specific application vehicles.

Consequent to gaining of control, the results of SML have been consolidated by the Group from 1st August, 2025 on a line-by-line basis.
40. Financial Instruments (Continued)

Fair Value Disclosures (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
41. Significant acquisitions and changes in ownership (Continued)

The consideration transferred and goodwill on acquisition is as below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Purchase consideration.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
554.65
Non Controlling interest...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
282.99
837.64
Less: Fair value of net assets/(liabilities) acquired.....................................................................................................................................................................................................
689.60
Goodwill on acquisition.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
148.04

On acquisition date, the non-controlling interest has been measured at its proportionate share of identifiable assets and liabilities acquired. The goodwill
has been allocated to Automotive segment.

The fair values of assets and liabilities acquired in respect of the above business combination are as under:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Property, Plant and Equipment (including capital work-in-progress and right-of-use assets)...................................................................................................
550.80
Intangible Assets (including intangibles assets under development)...........................................................................................................................................................
117.68
Cash and cash equivalents.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
34.23
Other current and non-current assets/ (liabilities), net.........................................................................................................................................................................................
175.78
Borrowings..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(97.94)
Deferred tax assets/ (liabilities), net....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(90.95)
Fair value of net asset/ (liabilities) acquired.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
689.60
42. Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) issued by Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited (MEAL) and Mahindra Last Mile Mobility
Limited (MLMML)

Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited (MEAL), a subsidiary of the Company is engaged in the business of four-wheel passenger electric vehicles.

In accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in the Securities Subscription Agreement and Shareholders Agreement
entered with British International Investment Plc (BII) and Jongsong Investments Pte Ltd ( Temasek ), BII and Temasek invested Rs. 1,850.00 crores
and Rs. 1,200.00 crores respectively in 0.001% Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) and 0.001% Series A Compulsory Convertible
Preference Shares (Series A CCPS) of MEAL respectively.

Since the CCPS and Series A CCPS are convertible into variable number of equity shares of MEAL, IT has been classified as financial liability at fair
value through profit or loss in the financial statements of MEAL and in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 31st March,
2026.

MEAL, in its Board meeting dated 28th April, 2026 has approved the conversion of CCPS and Series A CCPS into equity shares of MEAL as per the
pre-determined formula and on 1st May, 2026, issued the equity shares against the said CCPS.

In accordance with the shareholders agreement, the Company shall take best efforts to provide BII and Temasek with a complete exit between
1st November, 2027 and 1st November, 2030 through certain exit options (or a combination thereof), as may be determined by the Company in its
sole discretion.

In case exit has not been provided to BII prior to 1st November, 2030, BII shall have the right upto 31st October, 2031 to require full exit to be
provided by the Company or by its affiliates and / or a third party at the higher of fair market value and the amount invested by BII.

In case exit has not been provided to Temasek prior to 1st November, 2030, Temasek shall have the right up to 31st October, 2031 to require full
exit to be provided by the Company by way of share swap if the fair market value of the Temasek interest is higher than the amount invested by IT.
However, the Company shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to provide cash exit to Temasek at the higher of fair market value of the Temasek
interest and the amount invested by IT. Further, if the Fair market value of the Temasek interest is lower than its investment amount, neither the
Company nor Temasek shall be obligated to undertake their respective obligations with respect to the Share swap.

Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited (MLMML), a subsidiary of the Company is engaged in the business of last mile mobility through cargo and
passenger vehicles.

In accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in the Securities Subscription Agreement and Shareholders Agreement
entered with International Finance Corporation (IFC) and India-Japan Fund ( IJF ), IFC and IJF invested Rs. 600.00 crores and Rs. 400.00 crores
respectively in Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) of MLMML.

During the year ended 31st March, 2026, the CCPS issued to IFC and IJF have been converted into equity shares of MLMML as per the
pre-determined formula.
43. Disclosure of interest in Subsidiaries and interest of Non Controlling Interest

Details of the Group s subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
Name of the Subsidiary
Place of
Incorporation
Operation
NBS International Limited....................................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Automotive Australia Pty. Limited..........................................................................................................................................
Australia
100.00%
Mahindra Europe s.r.l. .............................................................................................................................................................................................
Italy
100.00%
Mahindra and Mahindra South Africa (Proprietary) Limited........................................................................................................
South Africa
100.00%
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH............................................................................................................................................................................
Germany
100.00%
Automobili Pininfarina Americas Inc.............................................................................................................................................................
100.00%
Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited **...................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Last Mile Mobility Limited $$....................................................................................................................................................
India
78.11%
100.00%
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly known as SML Isuzu Limited) (w.e.f. 1st August, 2025) ...................................
India
58.97%
-
Mahindra Racing UK Limited #.........................................................................................................................................................................
U.K.
100.00%
Gromax Agri Equipment Limited.....................................................................................................................................................................
India
60.00%
Mahindra USA Inc.......................................................................................................................................................................................................
100.00%
Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd $...................................................................................................................
Japan
66.67%
Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Sales Co., Ltd.................................................................................................................................
Japan
66.67%
Ryono Factory Co., Ltd...........................................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
66.67%
Ryono Engineering Co., Ltd.................................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
66.67%
Ryono Asset Management Co., Ltd................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
66.67%
Mahindra do Brasil Industrial Ltda.................................................................................................................................................................
Brazil
100.00%
Erkunt Traktor Sanayii Anonim Şirketi.......................................................................................................................................................
Turkey
100.00%
Erkunt Sanayi Anonim Şirketi...........................................................................................................................................................................
Turkey
99.06%
98.69%
Sampo Rosenlew Oy (upto 30th September, 2025)..........................................................................................................................
Finland
-
100.00%
Swaraj Engines Limited..........................................................................................................................................................................................
India
52.11%
52.12%
M.I.T.R.A Agro Equipments Private Limited...............................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Automotive North America Inc.................................................................................................................................................
100.00%
Mahindra Vehicle Sales and Service Inc.....................................................................................................................................................
100.00%
Mahindra Solarize Private Limited.................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Resurgence Solarize Urja Private Limited................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra South East Asia Limited.................................................................................................................................................................
Thailand
100.00%
Kota Farm Services Limited @.........................................................................................................................................................................
India
51.02%
47.81%
Mahindra Agri Solutions Limited.....................................................................................................................................................................
India
99.06%
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited......................................................................................................................................................................
India
54.20%
54.21%
Mahindra HZPC Private Limited......................................................................................................................................................................
India
59.39%
Mahindra Fruits Private Limited......................................................................................................................................................................
India
99.06%
Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited........................................................................................................................................................
India
56.46%
Mahindra First Choice Wheels Limited ESOP Trust...........................................................................................................................
India
56.46%
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited................................................................................................................................
India
52.51%
52.18%

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Name of the Subsidiary
Place of
Incorporation
Operation
Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited............................................................................................................................................................
India
52.51%
52.18%
Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited.................................................................................................................................................
India
51.79%
51.54%
Mahindra Finance CSR Foundation................................................................................................................................................................
India
52.51%
52.18%
Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited Employee Welfare Trust........................................................................................
India
51.86%
51.54%
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited Employees' Stock Option Trust......................................................
India
52.51%
52.18%
Mahindra Ideal Finance Limited.......................................................................................................................................................................
Sri Lanka
30.56%
30.37%
Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited....................................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Mahindra Infrastructure Developers Limited..........................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Mahindra World City (Maharashtra) Limited...........................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Knowledge Township Limited............................................................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Industrial Township (Maharashtra) Limited..............................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Anthurium Developers Limited.........................................................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Mahindra Water Utilities Limited.....................................................................................................................................................................
India
51.88%
50.63%
Rathna Bhoomi Enterprises Private Limited..........................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Deep Mangal Developers Private Limited................................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Moonshine Construction Private Limited..................................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Mahindra Bloomdale Developers Limited.................................................................................................................................................
India
52.41%
51.14%
Shreyas Stones Private Limited (w.e.f. 27th June, 2025)...............................................................................................................
India
52.41%
-
Mahindra Homes Private Limited (w.e.f. 28th November, 2025)................................................................................................
India
52.41%
-
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited............................................................................................................................................
India
66.87%
Mahindra Hotels & Residences India Limited.........................................................................................................................................
India
66.87%
Gables Promoters Private Limited.................................................................................................................................................................
India
66.87%
Heritage Bird (M) Sdn Bhd..................................................................................................................................................................................
Malaysia
66.87%
Infinity Hospitality Group Company Limited...........................................................................................................................................
Thailand
49.48%
MH Boutique Hospitality Limited @..............................................................................................................................................................
Thailand
32.77%
MHR Holdings (Mauritius) Limited.................................................................................................................................................................
Mauritius
66.87%
Covington S.a.r.l...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
Luxembourg
66.87%
Holiday Club Resorts Oy......................................................................................................................................................................................
Finland
66.87%
Kiinteistö Oy Rauhan Liikekiinteistöt 1......................................................................................................................................................
Finland
66.87%
Keskinäinen Kiinteistö Oy Salla Star (w.e.f. 3rd July, 2025)..........................................................................................................
Finland
66.87%
-
Ownership Services Sweden Ab......................................................................................................................................................................
Sweden
66.87%
Are Villa 3 Ab................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Sweden
66.87%
Holiday Club Sweden Ab Åre.............................................................................................................................................................................
Sweden
66.87%
Holiday Club Sport and Spa Hotels AB......................................................................................................................................................
Sweden
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Investments S.L......................................................................................................................................................
Spain
66.87%
Name of the Subsidiary
Place of
Incorporation
Operation
Holiday Club Canarias Sales & Marketing S.L........................................................................................................................................
Spain
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Resort Management S.L...................................................................................................................................
Spain
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Vacation Club SLU................................................................................................................................................
Spain
66.87%
Arabian Dreams Hotels Apartments LLC @............................................................................................................................................
U.A.E
32.77%
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited Employee Stock Option Trust......................................................................
India
66.87%
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts Harihareshwar Limited.....................................................................................................................
India
66.87%
Guestline Hospitality Management and Development Service Limited..............................................................................
India
66.51%
Mahindra Logistics Limited..................................................................................................................................................................................
India
59.58%
57.97%
Lords Freight (India) Private Limited............................................................................................................................................................
India
59.58%
57.42%
2 x 2 Logistics Private Limited........................................................................................................................................................................
India
32.77%
31.88%
MLL Express Services Private Limited........................................................................................................................................................
India
59.58%
57.97%
MLL Mobility Private Limited.............................................................................................................................................................................
India
59.58%
57.97%
V-Link Freight Services Private Limited.....................................................................................................................................................
India
59.58%
57.97%
ZipZap Logistics Private Limited.....................................................................................................................................................................
India
38.19%
37.16%
Mahindra Two Wheelers Europe Holdings S.a.r.l..................................................................................................................................
Luxembourg
100.00%
Bristlecone Worldwide, Inc .................................................................................................................................................................................
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone Consulting Limited........................................................................................................................................................................
Canada
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.......................................................................................................................................................................
Malaysia
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone International AG..............................................................................................................................................................................
Switzerland
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone UK Limited..........................................................................................................................................................................................
U.K.
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone Inc.............................................................................................................................................................................................................
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone Middle East DMCC.........................................................................................................................................................................
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone India Private Limited (formerly known as Bristlecone India Limited).......................................................
India
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone GmbH......................................................................................................................................................................................................
Germany
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone (Singapore) Pte. Limited............................................................................................................................................................
Singapore
94.72%
95.08%
Bristlecone Internacional Costa Rica Limited........................................................................................................................................
94.72%
95.08%
Marvel Solren Private Limited..........................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Accelo Limited.......................................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Steel Service Centre Limited......................................................................................................................................................
India
61.00%
Mahindra Electrical Steel Private Limited................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Auto Steel Private Limited...........................................................................................................................................................
India
75.50%
Mahindra MiddleEast Electrical Steel Service Centre (FZC)........................................................................................................
90.00%
Mahindra MSTC Recycling Private Limited..............................................................................................................................................
India
50.00%
PT Mahindra Accelo Steel Indonesia............................................................................................................................................................
Indonesia
99.99%
99.98%

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Name of the Subsidiary
Place of
Incorporation
Operation
Mahindra Defence Systems Limited.............................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Emirates Vehicle Armouring FZ-LLC......................................................................................................................................
88.00%
Mahindra Armored Vehicles Jordan, LLC...................................................................................................................................................
Jordan
88.00%
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated Systems Limited............................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited (w.e.f. 7th April, 2025)............................................................................................
India
100.00%
-
Mahindra Aerospace Private Limited............................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Aerostructures Private Limited.................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Airways Limited....................................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Holdings Limited..................................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Automotive Mauritius Limited....................................................................................................................................................
Mauritius
100.00%
Mahindra Overseas Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited..................................................................................................
Mauritius
100.00%
Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited
(Formerly known as Mahindra-BT Investment Company (Mauritius) Limited ) (w.e.f. 19th December, 2025) ....
Mauritius
100.00%
-
Mahindra Integrated Business Solutions Private Limited..............................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra eMarket Limited...................................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
83.47%
Mahindra Construction Company Limited.................................................................................................................................................
India
65.88%
65.19%
Officemartindia.com Limited...............................................................................................................................................................................
India
50.00%
Mahindra and Mahindra Contech Limited @...........................................................................................................................................
India
99.99%
46.66%
Mahindra Sustainable Energy Private Limited.......................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
PSL Media & Communications Limited (w.e.f. 16th September, 2025)..................................................................................
India
71.99%
-
New Democratic Electoral Trust @...............................................................................................................................................................
India
58.27%
33.35%
Sunrise Initiatives Trust.........................................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mumbai Mantra Media Limited.........................................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra & Mahindra Benefit Trust..............................................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra & Mahindra Employees Stock Option Trust....................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
*
excluding shares issued to ESOP Trusts of the respective entities / their holding companies but not allotted to employees.
@
entities have been treated as subsidiaries even though the Group holds less than half of the voting power in these entities as IT has unilateral
control over the investees due to other factors that give power like control over composition of board, management control etc.
$
In addition to JPY750 million Common Stock (which represents 33.33% of the Common stock), the Company owns the entire JPY2250 million
Class A shares (shares with no voting rights); Class A shares have rights over dividend and liquidation on an equal basis with Common Stock.
$$
Voting power in the company is different from the ownership interests.
**
200 shares are held by investors.
#
Entity ceased to be a subsidiary of the Group with effect from 9th June 2025. Subsequently, the Group repurchased its stake on 17th November
2025.

Details of Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries that have material Non Controlling Interest
Rupees crores
Name of the Subsidiary
Place of
Incorporation
Operation
Proportion of Ownership
Interest and voting rights
held by non controlling
Profit/(Loss) allocated to
non controlling interest
Accumulated non
Controlling Interest
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Limited....................................................
India
47.49%
47.82%
1,358.53
1,080.40 12,737.30
10,372.27
Individually Immaterial
Non Controlling Interest.................................
164.33
63.67
3,657.35
1,686.87
Total.............................................................................
1,522.86
1,144.07 16,394.65
12,059.14

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited s Principal Activity - Financing and leasing of automobiles, tractors, commercial vehicles, SMEs and
housing finance.

Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out
below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts based on their consolidated financial statements.
Rupees crores
Particulars
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Limited-Consolidated
Current Assets.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
61,267.67
56,858.78
Non Current Assets..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
97,376.27
87,246.50
Current Liabilities.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
58,605.84
44,755.37
Non Current Liabilities............................................................................................................................................................................................................................
73,346.13
77,776.92
Equity Interest Attributable to the owners............................................................................................................................................................................
26,638.64
21,529.45
Non Controlling Interest.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
53.33
43.52
Total income..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
21,086.73
18,530.46
Expenses..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
18,295.26
16,334.82
Share of profit of associates and joint ventures, (net)...................................................................................................................................................
69.64
65.23
Profit / (Loss) for the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
2,861.11
2,260.87
Profit / (Loss) attributable to the owners of the company........................................................................................................................................
2,854.53
2,261.87
Profit / (Loss) attributable to the Non-Controlling Interest........................................................................................................................................
6.58
(1.00)
Opening Cash & Cash Equivalents.................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,827.85
903.54
Closing Cash & Cash Equivalents...................................................................................................................................................................................................
465.41
1,827.85
Net Cash inflow / (outflow)................................................................................................................................................................................................................
(1,362.44)
924.31
Dividends paid to non controlling interest..............................................................................................................................................................................
428.84
371.80

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
44. Investment in Joint Arrangements and Associates

Interests in Joint Ventures

The Group s interests in jointly controlled entities of the Group are:
Name of the Entity
Place of
Incorporation and
Place of Operation
Proportion of ownership
interest*$
Mahindra Ideal Lanka (Private) Limited (upto 14th August, 2025).................................................................................
Sri Lanka
-
35.00%
Carnot Technologies Private Limited #..............................................................................................................................................
India
73.00%
Sampo Algeria SpA (upto 30th September, 2025)......................................................................................................................
Algeria
-
38.00%
Mahindra Top Greenhouses Private Limited #..............................................................................................................................
India
60.00%
Mahindra Summit Agriscience Limited #...........................................................................................................................................
India
59.44%
60.00%
Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited #.......................................................................................
India
51.00%
Mahindra Manulife Trustee Private Limited #...............................................................................................................................
India
51.00%
Mahindra World City (Jaipur) Limited #.............................................................................................................................................
India
74.00%
Mahindra World City Developers Limited #.....................................................................................................................................
India
89.00%
Mahindra Industrial Park Chennai Limited #..................................................................................................................................
India
60.00%
Mahindra Homes Private Limited # (Upto 27th November, 2025)..................................................................................
India
-
74.35%
Mahindra Inframan Water Utilities Private Limited....................................................................................................................
India
50.00%
Mahindra Industrial Park Private Limited **....................................................................................................................................
India
100.00%
Mahindra Happinest Developers Limited #......................................................................................................................................
India
51.00%
Mahindra Blossom Developers Limited (w.e.f. 24th March, 2026) @..............................................................................
India
51.00%
-
Tropiikin Rantasauna Oy...............................................................................................................................................................................
Finland
50.00%
Classic Legends Private Limited #.........................................................................................................................................................
India
58.37%
60.00%
Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited (Formerly known as Mahindra-BT Investment
Company (Mauritius) Limited ) (upto 18th December, 2025) #.........................................................................................
Mauritius
-
57.00%
Mahindra Susten Private Limited #......................................................................................................................................................
India
60.01%
Mahindra Teqo Private Limited #............................................................................................................................................................
India
80.00%
Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private Limited.............................................................................................................................
India
22.84%
25.93%
Aquasail Distribution Company Private Limited...........................................................................................................................
India
17.65%
Seino MLL Logistics Private Limited.....................................................................................................................................................
India
50.00%
Tech Mahindra Foundation (w.e.f. 9th January 2026) ##.......................................................................................................
India
-

*
excluding shares issued to ESOP Trusts of the respective entities / their holding companies but not allotted to employees.

#
Entities have been treated as Joint Ventures even though the Group holds more than half of the voting power in these entities as IT does not have
unilateral control over the investee, primarily due to existence of agreements that give substantive rights to other investors.

$
Proportion of ownership interest held by the Company or any of its subsidiary directly

**
As per agreement with other shareholders, the economic interest of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited (MLDL) is 50%.

@
The entity was incorporated on 2nd January 2026 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited (MLDL). On 24th March,
2026, the stake was sold to an investor post which IT is classified as joint venture of the company.

##
Classified as Joint Venture in accordance with the provisions of the shareholders agreement
44. Investment in Joint Arrangements and Associates (Continued)

Interests in Associates

The Group s interests in associates are:
Name of the Entity
Place of
Incorporation and
Place of Operation
Proportion of ownership
interest*$
Tech Mahindra Limited...................................................................................................................................................................................
India
28.06%
PF Holdings B.V....................................................................................................................................................................................................
Netherlands
40.00%
Shiga Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Sales Co., Ltd...........................................................................................................
Japan
22.40%
Kagawa Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Sales Co., Ltd.....................................................................................................
Japan
33.33%
Okanetsu Industry Co., Ltd..........................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
33.77%
Kitaiwate Ryono Co., Ltd...............................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
25.00%
Aizu Ryono Co., Ltd. (under liquidation)..............................................................................................................................................
Japan
21.25%
Joban Ryono Co., Ltd.......................................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
20.00%
Fukuryo Kiki Hanbai Co., Ltd.......................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
20.00%
Ibaraki Ryono Co., Ltd......................................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
21.64%
Kotobuki Noki Co, Ltd. ...................................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
33.33%
Honda Seisakusyo, Inc....................................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
25.00%
Yamaichi Honten Co., Ltd. ...........................................................................................................................................................................
Japan
42.85%
Kumsan Dokum Mazelmeri A.S................................................................................................................................................................
Turkey
25.10%
Mahindra Finance USA, LLC........................................................................................................................................................................
49.00%
CIE Automotive S.A. #.....................................................................................................................................................................................
Spain
3.58%
8.01%
Mahindra Knowledge Park (Mohali) Limited...................................................................................................................................
India
46.15%
Ample Parks And Logistics Private Limited....................................................................................................................................
India
26.00%
Ample Parks Project 1 Private Limited.............................................................................................................................................
India
33.00%
Ample Parks Project 2 Private Limited...............................................................................................................................................
India
33.00%
Ample Parks MMR Private Limited........................................................................................................................................................
India
26.00%
Kiinteistö Oy Seniori-Saimaa.......................................................................................................................................................................
Finland
31.15%
Great Rocksport Private Limited............................................................................................................................................................
India
23.42%
Renew Sunlight Energy Private Limited ..........................................................................................................................................
India
37.21%
Sustainable Energy Infra Investment Managers Private Limited.....................................................................................
India
40.00%
Green Energy Infra Project Managers Private Limited............................................................................................................
India
40.00%
Brainbees Solutions Limited #..................................................................................................................................................................
India
9.32%
10.49%
PSL Media & Communications Limited (upto 15th September, 2025).........................................................................
India
-
40.00%
The East India Company Group Limited BVI #..............................................................................................................................
Singapore
18.62%
Blue Planet Integrated Waste Solutions Limited (upto 2nd March, 2026).................................................................
India
-
20.00%
Gelos Solren Private Limited (w.e.f. 15th December, 2025)..................................................................................................
India
26.00%
-

The financial statements of the Associates are drawn upto 31st March, 2026 other than for CIE Automotive S.A. & The East India Company Group Limited
BVI where IT is upto 31st December, 2025.

*
excluding shares issued to ESOP Trusts of the respective entities / their holding companies but not allotted to employees

#
Entities have been treated as Associate even though the Group holds less than 20% of the voting power in these entities as IT has influence over
the entity due to the board representation.

$
Proportion of ownership interest held by the Company or any of its subsidiary directly

All of the above associates/Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in consolidated financial statements.

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts

Summarised financial information in respect of the Group s material associate is set out below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Tech Mahindra Limited -
Consolidated
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents................................................................................................................................................................................................................
5,046.10
4,318.50
Other assets.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
22,528.60
19,360.70
Total current assets................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
27,574.70
23,679.20
Total Non-current assets.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................
21,794.70
20,815.30
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,630.30
7,573.30
Other Liabilities..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
7,097.60
6,331.10
Total current liabilities..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
15,727.90
13,904.40
Total Non-current liabilities...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,564.50
2,798.40
Non-controlling interest.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
461.60
430.20
Revenue from Operations...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
56,815.40
52,988.30
Interest Income..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
98.00
196.60
Depreciation and amortisation........................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,881.60
1,852.90
Impairment of Goodwill and non-current assets...............................................................................................................................................................
-
27.30
Interest Cost.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
337.40
321.70
Income tax expense................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,767.60
1,400.20
Profit /(Loss) for the year..................................................................................................................................................................................................................
4,805.50
4,253.00
Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year............................................................................................................................................................
1,393.60
246.10
Total Other Comprehensive Income for the year..............................................................................................................................................................
6,199.10
4,499.10

Tech Mahindra Limited s Principal Activity - Information Technology (IT) and IT Enabled Services

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the associate recognised in the consolidated
financial statements:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Tech Mahindra Limited -
Consolidated
Closing Net assets.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 29,615.40
27,361.50
Group s share in %..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
28.06%
Group share (Rs)......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,310.08
7,677.64
Goodwill..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
570.77
539.64
Carrying amount......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
8,880.85
8,217.28
Market Value...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
34,387.38
35,203.91
44. Investment in Joint Arrangements and Associates (Continued)
45. Related party disclosures

Names of related parties where transactions have taken place during the year:

Associates
CIE Automotive India Limited
Tech Mahindra ICT Services (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd
Tech Mahindra (Beijing) IT Services Limited
Tech Mahindra Mexico Cloud Services, S.De R.L. De C.V
Tech Mahindra (Nigeria) Limited
Tech Mahindra (Nanjing) Co. Limited
Tech Mahindra Vietnam Company Limited
Satyam Venture Engineering Services Private Limited
Tech Mahindra France
Tech Mahindra Holdco Pty Limited (upto 18th November, 2025)
Tech Mahindra South Africa (Pty) Limited
Tech Mahindra Servicos De Informatica S.A
Tech Mahindra Servicos Ltda
Tech Mahindra (Shanghai) Co. Limited
Tech Mahindra Cerium Systems Sdn. Bhd.
Tech Mahindra Costa Rica Sociedad Anonima
Tech Mahindra Colombia S.A.S
Tech Mahindra Egypt Technologies Tech
(upto 15th September, 2025)
Mahindra University (upto 26th December, 2025)
CIE Automotive S.A.
Pininfarina S.P.A.
Pininfarina Deutschland Gmbh
Golde Wuhan Co., Limited
Kiinteistö Oy Seniori-Saimaa
Shiga Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Sales Co., Ltd.
Okanetsu Industry Co., Ltd
Kitaiwate Ryono Co., Ltd.
Joban Ryono Co., Ltd.
Fukuryo Kiki Hanbai Co., Ltd.
Honda Seisakusyo, Inc.
Ibaraki Ryono Co., Ltd.
Yamaichi Honten Co., Ltd.
Kagawa Mitsubishi Agricultural Machinery Sales Co., Ltd.
Sustainable Energy Infra Investment Managers Private Limited
Green Energy Infra Project Managers Private Limited
Golde Pune Automotive India Private Limited
Mahindra Finance USA LLC
Tech Mahindra Digital Pty Ltd (upto 9th March, 2026)

Tech Mahindra Technology Services LLC (upto 20th June, 2025)
Mahindra Educational Institutions (upto 26th December, 2025)
Tech-Mahindra S.A
Tech-Mahindra Panama, S.A.
Tech Mahindra (Americas) Inc.
Tech Mahindra Technologies Inc.
Tech Mahindra Sweden Ab
Tech Mahindra (Singapore) Pte Limited
Tech-Mahindra Guatemala S.A
Tech Mahindra (Switzerland) SA
Tech Mahindra (Thailand) Limited
Tech-Mahindra Ecuador S.A
Tech Mahindra Arabia Limited
Tech Mahindra Bahrain Ltd W.L.L
Tech Mahindra Communications Japan Co., Limited
Tech Mahindra Consulting Group Inc.
Tech Mahindra De Mexico S.De R.L.De C.V
Tech Mahindra Defence Technologies Limited
Tech Mahindra Fintech Holdings Limited
Tech Mahindra Gmbh
Tech Mahindra IT Services NL B.V.
Tech Mahindra Limited SPC
Tech Mahindra LLC
Tech Mahindra London Limited
Tech Mahindra Luxembourg S.A R.L.
Tech Mahindra Network Services International Inc.
Tech Mahindra Norway AS
Tech Mahindra Global Chess League Ag
Tech Mahindra Spain S.L.
Tech-Mahindra De Peru S.A.C.
Kumsan Dokum Mazelmeri A.S.
Great Rocksport Private Limited
Ample Parks Project 1 Private Limited
Ample Parks And Logistics Private Limited
Ample Parks Project 2 Private Limited
Ample Parks MMR Private Limited
CIE Aluminium Casting India Limited
PT Tech Mahindra Indonesia
Tech Mahindra Foundation (upto 8th January, 2026)
Comviva Technologies Limited
(w.e.f 10th June, 2025 upto 16th November, 2025)
Gelos Solren Private Limited (w.e.f. 15th December, 2025)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts

(iii) Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Name of KMP
Designation
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman
Dr. Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
Late Mr. T. N. Manoharan (upto 30th July, 2025)
Independent Director
Ms. Shikha Sharma
Independent Director
Ms. Nisaba Godrej
Independent Director
Mr. Muthiah Murugappan
Independent Director
Ms. Padmasree Warrior
Independent Director
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Nominee Director
Mr. M. P. Vijay Kumar (w.e.f. 7th October, 2025)
Independent Director
Ms. Samina Hamied (w.e.f. 7th October, 2025)
Independent Director

(iv) Close member of KMP and entities controlled/jointly controlled by KMP:
Close member of KMP
Ms. Anuradha Mahindra
Ms. Radhika Nath
Dr. T. N. Gajendran (upto 30th July, 2025)
Ms. Veena Jejurikar
Ms. Snehal Shah
Mr. Niraj Shah
Mr. Murugappan Muthiah Murugappan
The Indian & Eastern Engineer Company Private Limited
Goolestan Investments Private Limited
Gotham Park Projects LLP
Naandi Community Water Services Private Limited
45. Related party disclosures (Continued)

Names of related parties where transactions have taken place during the year: (Continued)

Joint Ventures
Mahindra Homes Private Limited (upto 27th November, 2025)
Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited
Mahindra Inframan Water Utilities Private Limited
Tropiikin Rantasauna Oy
Mahindra Ideal Lanka (Private) Limited (upto 14th August, 2025)
Mahindra Investment Company Mauritius Limited
(Formerly known as Mahindra-BT Investment Company (Mauritius)
Limited) (upto 18th December, 2025)
Sampo Algeria SpA (upto 30th September, 2025)
Gelos Solren Private Limited (upto 14th December, 2025)
Seino MLL Logistics Private Limited
Mahindra Blossom Developers Limited (w.e.f. 24th March, 2026)
Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private Limited
Tech Mahindra Foundation (w.e.f. 9th January, 2026)

Entity belonging to Promoter/Promoter Group holding 10% or more in the company:
Prudential Management & Services Private Limited

(vi) Welfare Funds/Post-employment benefit plans:
Name of the Funds
M&M Employees' Welfare Fund No. 1
M&M Employees' Welfare Fund No. 2
M&M Employees' Welfare Fund No. 3
Mahindra World School Education Trust
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Staff Provident Fund
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Superannuation Scheme
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Staff & Workmen's Superannuation Scheme
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Gratuity Scheme

The related party transactions are as under:
Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the Year
Ended
31st March
Associates/
Associates of
Subsidiaries/
Subsidiaries
of Associate
Joint
Ventures/
Joint
Ventures of
Subsidiaries
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/Post-
Purchases
2,707.32
1.15
-
2,346.64
7.61
-
485.23
19.86
-
0.02
-
363.06
18.32
-
Property, plant & equipment
0.55
0.02
-
0.74
-
Sales
237.70
263.99
-
165.37
607.07
-
190.32
107.06
0.54
0.02
-
124.77
40.35
0.17
-
Property, plant and equipment...
0.60
0.02
-
0.01
0.21
-
45. Related party disclosures (Continued)

Names of related parties where transactions have taken place during the year: (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the Year
Ended
31st March
Associates/
Associates of
Subsidiaries/
Subsidiaries
of Associate
Joint
Ventures/
Joint
Ventures of
Subsidiaries
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/Post-
Investments
Purchased/subscribed/
conversion/ bonus................................
45.21
753.55
-
13.38
-
15.61
228.00
-
Proceeds from liquidation / sale
of shares.....................................................
14.41
-
Proceeds from capital
reduction/buyback of shares........
-
59.71
-
Deputation of personnel:
From parties.............................................
-
0.86
-
0.79
-
To parties....................................................
-
0.90
0.03
-
Managerial remuneration................
-
46.33
-
37.02
-
Stock options..................................................
-
74.67
-
54.08
-
Commission and other benefits
to non-executive/independent
directors (including nominee
directors) **.......................................................
-
7.84
-
7.25
-
Others (sitting fees) #.......................
-
0.13
-
0.12
-
Finance
given...............................................................
20.02
464.36
-
10.03
149.01
-
refunded by parties.............................
-
296.30
-
1.50
-
152.00
-
1.50
45. Related party disclosures (Continued)

Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the Year
Ended
31st March
Associates/
Associates of
Subsidiaries/
Subsidiaries
of Associate
Joint
Ventures/
Joint
Ventures of
Subsidiaries
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/Post-
Provision/(Reversal) of expected
credit loss on inter corporate
deposit..........................................................
-
(1.50)
-
(1.50)
taken..............................................................
-
0.10
-
0.21
-
2.35
-
refunded to parties.............................
23.70
-
0.10
-
0.21
-
2.29
-
Debenture redeemed by related
-
120.25
-
Debenture/preference shares
issued by parties...................................
3.96
166.26
-
42.46
-
Invoice Discounting..............................
3,093.51
-
2,932.96
-
Interest income......................................
1.66
40.61
-
0.44
29.55
-
Interest expense....................................
0.13
4.10
-
0.05
-
0.07
4.09
-
0.11
-
Dividend received....................................
1,177.71
100.77
-
1,146.75
217.90
-
Dividend distributed..............................
-
4.58
1.90
334.52
3.23
-
3.50
1.68
278.99
2.70
Other Transactions
18.61
5.21
-
0.91
0.04
-
12.67
15.32
-
0.91
0.04
-
Other expenses.......................................
559.30
0.30
-
0.09
-
368.23
659.38
0.01
0.62
0.57
-
317.76
Reimbursements received from
11.05
53.38
-
0.02
-
17.96
27.76
-
0.02
-
45. Related party disclosures (Continued)

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Nature of Transactions
For the Year
Ended
31st March
Associates/
Associates of
Subsidiaries/
Subsidiaries
of Associate
Joint
Ventures/
Joint
Ventures of
Subsidiaries
KMP
Close
Entities
by KMP
Entity
Promoter/
Promoter
Group
Welfare
Funds/Post-
Reimbursements made to
0.78
6.45
-
2.33
0.32
5.03
-
1.41
Sale of assets/business under
assets/business transfer
agreement..................................................
-
558.80
-
Outstandings
Trade and other payable.................
794.97
8.10
-
0.04
-
677.53
6.79
0.32
*
-
Trade and other receivables............
180.71
76.08
-
147.44
139.09
-
Debentures/preference shares
issued by parties...................................
46.42
252.12
-
42.46
206.11
-
Debentures issued to parties............
-
47.00
-
47.00
-
Inter corporate deposits given....
0.06
392.16
-
10.04
224.10
-
1.50
Inter corporate deposits /loan
taken..............................................................
-
0.61
-
0.86
-
0.61
-
Security deposit paid.........................
0.34
0.08
-
0.29
0.08
-
572.29
-
*
denotes amounts less than Rs.50,000.
**
includes sitting fees and commission paid to Khaitan & Co., in which Mr. Haigreve Khaitan is a partner. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan was a director in the company
upto 7th August 2024.
#
In addition, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra is entitled to the Benefits under the Special Post Retirement Benefit Scheme
Note: Transactions with related parties are at arm s length.
45. Related party disclosures (Continued)

46. Segment information

Operating Segments

The Company is both an operating company, primarily having operations in the Automotive and Farm Equipment segments and a holding company with a
portfolio of investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures that operate in segments, like Financial Services, IT services, Real Estate, Hospitality,
Logistics, Defence, Renewables, etc. The operational revenue and results of these investments get reflected in the consolidated results of the Company.

As part of the group strategy and vision, the Company is focused on operational efficiencies and synergies and driving value creation through partnerships,
mergers and acquisitions in order to generate periodic returns from these portfolio of investments/businesses. The CODM (Chief Operating Decision
Maker) of the Company therefore manages investments/businesses, allocates capital and measures performance under three key verticals, namely
Automotive, Farm Equipment and Services.

Pursuant to this, the Group has reported four segments, namely Automotive, Farm Equipment, Financial Services and Industrial Businesses and Consumer
Services. Financial Services is part of the Services vertical but reported separately as IT meets the required quantitative threshold for separate reporting.
Industrial Businesses and Consumer Services segment comprises all other segments that individually do not meet the threshold for separate reporting.
Further, the share of profit or loss and investments in associates and joint ventures are reported in their respective segments. Description of the each
of the reportable segments is as under:

Automotive: This segment comprises of sale of automobiles, two wheelers, spares, construction equipments and related services.

Farm Equipment: This segment comprises of sale of tractors, implements, spares, powerol and related services.

Financial Services: This segment comprises of offering financial products ranging from retail and other loans, SME finance, housing finance, mutual
funds and life and non-life insurance broking services.

Industrial Businesses and Consumer Services segment: This segment comprises of all other segments like IT services, Real Estate, Hospitality,
Logistics, Steel trading and processing, Renewables, After-market, Defence, Agri, etc. that individually do not meet the reporting thresholds.

The measurement of each segment s revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities is consistent with the accounting policies that are used in preparation of
the consolidated financial statements. Segment result represents the profit before interest and tax without allocation of corporate income and expenses.

Information regarding the Group s reportable segments is presented below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Services
Total Eliminations Consolidated
Total
Financial
Services
Industrial
Businesses
Consumer
Services
Revenue
External Revenue...................................................................................................... 1,17,363.87 42,397.44 20,817.69 18,059.55 1,98,638.55
- 1,98,638.55
90,424.08
35,315.81
18,295.83
15,175.10
1,59,210.82
-
1,59,210.82
Inter segment revenue..........................................................................................
470.26
170.95
131.63
4,689.38
5,462.22
(5,462.22)
-
400.50
59.49
-
3,796.33
4,256.32
(4,256.32)
-
Total Income from operations..................................................................... 1,17,834.13 42,568.39 20,949.32 22,748.93 2,04,100.77
(5,462.22) 1,98,638.55
90,824.58
35,375.30
18,295.83
18,971.43
1,63,467.14
(4,256.32)
1,59,210.82
Result
Segment result before Share of profit of associates and joint
ventures, (net)..............................................................................................................
10,478.54
5,505.59
3,708.89
1,725.61
21,418.63
7,930.96
4,933.56
2,936.80
1,124.85
16,926.17
Segment result after Share of profit of associates and joint
ventures, (net)..............................................................................................................
10,383.47
5,516.90
3,778.53
3,704.64
23,383.54
7,797.40
4,946.65
3,002.02
2,717.52
18,463.59
Reconciliation to Profit/(Loss) after tax
(a) Unallocable income, net of expenses...............................................
710.36
64.59
(b) Interest expenses not allocable to segments............................
(671.59)
(681.51)
(c) Interest income not allocable to segments.................................
1,762.45
1,232.95
Profit before tax.........................................................................................................
25,184.76
19,079.62
Tax expense...................................................................................................................
(6,563.05)
(5,006.45)
Profit after tax.............................................................................................................
18,621.71
14,073.17

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Particulars
Out of total external revenue above:-
- From contract with customers (as defined under Ind AS 115)...................................................................................................................................................
1,75,667.40
1,39,942.09
- From financial services..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
18,848.53
16,886.59
- Others....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,276.85
1,921.07
- Income from investments related to subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures...........................................................................................................
845.77
461.07
Total...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
1,98,638.55
1,59,210.82
Rupees crores
Particulars

Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Services
Total
Financial
Services
Industrial
Businesses
Consumer
Services
Other information
Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment expense....................................................................................
4,588.02
1,409.80
386.07
909.17
7,293.06
3,804.40
1,125.36
321.20
789.31
6,040.27
Investment in associates and joint venture accounted using equity method..............................
51.89
146.86
1,271.05 13,642.22 15,112.02
93.27
208.51
1,106.20 12,768.70 14,176.68
Additions to non-current assets...................................................................................................................................
7,259.90
983.99
415.50
884.08
9,543.47
8,058.57
984.42
441.42
873.88 10,358.29
Notes

Additions to non-current assets comprises of capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets including those under
development and capital advances.

Figures in the above table for the current financial year have been presented in bold. Comparatives for each item have been presented below the
respective current year figures.
Segment assets and liabilities
Rupees crores
Particulars
Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Services
Total
Financial
Services
Industrial
Businesses
Consumer
Services
Segment Assets..................................................................................................................................................
54,612.25
18,755.50 1,55,756.75
41,763.13 2,70,887.63
47,136.13
18,309.67 1,39,101.47
37,376.19 2,41,923.46
Segment Liabilities...........................................................................................................................................
37,270.73
11,057.77 1,31,591.34
17,931.66 1,97,851.50
29,223.19
9,308.13 1,22,259.51
15,976.86 1,76,767.69
Reconciliation of segment assets to total assets:
Segment Assets.....................................................................................................................................................
2,70,887.63
2,41,923.46
Unallocable Assets...............................................................................................................................................
46,747.01
35,662.81
Total Assets.............................................................................................................................................................
3,17,634.64
2,77,586.27
Unallocable Assets primarily comprise of investments other than investments related to associates and joint ventures, income tax assets and deferred
tax assets.
46. Segment Information (Continued)
Particulars
Automotive
Farm
Equipment
Services
Total
Financial
Services
Industrial
Businesses
Consumer
Services
Reconciliation of segment liabilities to total liabilities:
Segment Liabilities...............................................................................................................................................
1,97,851.50
1,76,767.69
Unallocable Liabilities........................................................................................................................................
10,292.14
11,720.58
Total Liabilities....................................................................................................................................................
2,08,143.64
1,88,488.27
Unallocable Liabilities primarily comprise of borrowings (excluding related to Financial Services Segment) and deferred tax liability.
Revenue from type of products and services
The operating segments are primarily based on nature of products and services and hence the Revenue from external customers of each segment is
representative of revenue based on products and services.
Geographical information
The Group operates in principal geographical areas - India (country of domicile), and Overseas. The Group s income from operations and information about its
non-current assets are detailed below:
Rupees crores
Particulars
Revenue
contract with
Other
revenue
Income from
Total
Revenue
contract with
Other
revenue
Income from
Total
Domestic..........................................
1,59,129.10 21,908.84
280.58 1,81,318.52
1,25,223.56 18,615.63
461.07 1,44,300.26
Overseas..........................................
16,538.30
216.54
565.19
17,320.03
14,718.53
192.03
-
14,910.56
1,75,667.40 22,125.38
845.77 1,98,638.55
1,39,942.09 18,807.66
461.07 1,59,210.82
(ii) Non-Current assets
Rupees crores
Particulars
Domestic ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
48,196.44
44,386.77
Overseas....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
3,266.16
3,545.38
51,462.60
47,932.15

The revenue information above is based on the location of the customer. The non-current assets in the above table represent Property, plant and
equipment, Capital work-in-progress, Goodwill, Other intangible assets, Intangibles under development, Income tax assets (Net) and Other non-current
assets (Non-financial).
46. Segment Information (Continued)
Rupees crores

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Information about major customers
During the year ended 31st March 2026 and 2025 respectively, revenues from transactions with a single external customer did not amount
to 10% or more of the Group s revenues from external customers.
47. Contingent Liability & Commitments

Contingent Liability

Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts comprise of :

Excise Duty, Sales Tax, and Service Tax claims disputed by the Group relating to issues of applicability and classification (before tax)
aggregating Rs. 4,318.35 crores (2025 : Rs. 4,117.33 crores).

Other matters (before tax) (excluding claims where amounts are not ascertainable) : Rs. 818.27 crores (2025 : Rs. 761.11 crores).

Taxation matters

Demands against the Group not acknowledged as debts and not provided for, relating to issues of deductibility and taxability in respect
of which the Group is in appeal and exclusive of the effect of similar matters in respect of assessments remaining to be completed :

-
Income-tax : Rs. 3,114.99 crores (2025 : Rs. 3,305.84 crores) net off MAT credit.

Items in respect of which the Group has succeeded in appeal, but the Income-tax Department is pursuing/likely to pursue in appeal/
reference and exclusive of the effect of similar matters in respect of assessments remaining to be completed :

-
Income-tax matters : Rs. 837.99 crores (2025 : Rs. 836.28 crores).

In respect of (a) & (b) above, IT is not practicable for the Group to estimate the closure of these issues and the consequential timings of cash
flows, if any.

Financial guarantee given on behalf of associates/joint ventures companies (Refer Note 40 (b)(i))

Share of contingent liabilities of joint venture/associates relating to claims not acknowledged as debts and taxation matters : Rs. 2,510.71 crores
(2025: Rs. 2,285.05 crores).

Commitments

The estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for is Rs. 7,035.26 crores (2025 :
Rs. 3,833.12 crores) and other commitment is Rs. 1,678.84 crores (2025 : Rs. 770.58 crores).

The Group has contractual obligations towards long-term material purchase commitments for Rs. 10,527.89 crores (2025 : Rs. 7,500.00 crores).

Share of capital commitment of joint venture/associates: Rs. 70.91 crores (2025 : Rs. 98.48 crores).
48. Other information

Research and Development expenditure

Expensed to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, including certain expenditure based on allocations made, aggregate Rs. 1,071.56 crores
(2025 : Rs. 1,028.51 crores).
46. Segment Information (Continued)
49. Statement of net assets and profit and loss and other comprehensive income attributable to owners and non-controlling interest
Rupees crores
Share of Other
Comprehensive Income
(OCI)
Share of Total
Comprehensive Income
(TCI)
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
OCI
Amount
As % of
TCI
Amount
PARENT
79.84%
74,325.16
91.46%
15,638.93
-10.84%
(77.94)
87.33%
15,560.99
SUBSIDIARIES
Indian
0.04%
35.47
0.06%
10.15
0.02%
0.15
0.06%
10.30
0.05%
45.50
0.06%
10.08
-0.02%
(0.15)
0.06%
9.93
0.07%
62.08
0.12%
21.03
-0.03%
(0.21)
0.12%
20.82
0.00%
0.13
0.00%
0.01
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.01
0.03%
27.00
0.04%
6.55
0.00%
0.02
0.04%
6.57
(Consolidated)
0.20%
185.00
0.07%
12.68
-0.04%
(0.28)
0.07%
12.40
0.00%
(0.31)
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Limited (Consolidated)
28.61%
26,638.64
16.69%
2,854.53
21.82%
156.88
16.90%
3,011.41
(Consolidated)
1.39%
1,297.36
1.32%
225.50
1.09%
7.84
1.31%
233.34
Mahindra Lifespace Developers
Limited (Consolidated)
3.90%
3,626.88
1.74%
298.13
-0.11%
(0.79)
1.67%
297.34
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited (Consolidated)
-0.30%
(279.08)
-0.06%
(9.42)
0.54%
3.86
-0.03%
(5.56)
3.83%
3,562.19
0.33%
56.83
-0.01%
(0.08)
0.32%
56.75
Mahindra Integrated Business
Solutions Private Limited
0.24%
220.03
0.14%
24.20
0.11%
0.76
0.14%
24.96
0.71%
665.53
0.21%
35.96
0.00%
-
0.20%
35.96
(Consolidated)
0.10%
88.79
-0.02%
(3.87)
-0.11%
(0.78)
-0.03%
(4.65)
0.00%
(1.17)
0.00%
(0.03)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.03)
M & M Benefit Trust
1.28%
1,189.43
1.12%
192.33
0.00%
-
1.08%
192.33
Mahindra & Mahindra ESOP Trust
0.92%
859.72
0.54%
92.20
0.00%
-
0.52%
92.20
Sunrise Initiatives Trust
0.00%
0.75
0.00%
(0.08)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.08)
Mahindra Construction Company
-0.02%
(22.06)
0.00%
(0.43)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.43)
0.00%
(0.26)
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Share of Other
Comprehensive Income
(OCI)
Share of Total
Comprehensive Income
(TCI)
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
OCI
Amount
As % of
TCI
Amount
0.02%
22.40
0.01%
1.46
0.00%
0.02
0.01%
1.48
0.19%
172.35
-0.01%
(1.87)
0.00%
-
-0.01%
(1.87)
(Consolidated)
1.29%
1,200.62
-0.02%
(4.21)
0.25%
1.80
-0.01%
(2.41)
Mahindra Sustainable Energy Private
0.14%
128.03
0.00%
(0.10)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.10)
0.05%
43.53
0.00%
0.80
0.03%
0.22
0.01%
1.02
0.64%
599.24
1.14%
195.74
0.01%
0.09
1.10%
195.83
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated
0.01%
10.71
0.04%
6.20
0.00%
-
0.03%
6.20
M.I.T.R.A Agro Equipments Private
0.08%
73.88
0.07%
12.49
0.01%
0.06
0.07%
12.55
7.66%
7,134.68
2.26%
386.94
0.00%
0.01
2.17%
386.95
Resurgence Solarize Urja Private
0.02%
16.42
0.00%
0.24
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.24
(Consolidated)
0.39%
362.21
-0.06%
(11.01)
0.96%
6.92
-0.02%
(4.09)
2.38%
2,213.32
1.08%
185.45
0.05%
0.38
1.04%
185.83
0.06%
56.21
0.01%
1.16
0.00%
-
0.01%
1.16
Mahindra Advanced Technologies
Limited (w.e.f. 7th April, 2025)
0.73%
681.24
-0.02%
(2.89)
0.00%
-
-0.02%
(2.89)
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly
known as SML Isuzu Limited)
(w.e.f. 1st August, 2025)
0.77%
718.15
0.30%
51.16
0.54%
3.89
0.31%
55.05
(w.e.f. 16th September, 2025)
0.00%
2.84
0.00%
0.07
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.07
New Democratic Electoral Trust
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.03)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.03)
Foreign
Mahindra Automotive Australia Pty.
0.06%
53.54
0.02%
3.25
1.21%
8.71
0.07%
11.96
0.01%
11.09
-0.05%
(8.02)
0.33%
2.34
-0.03%
(5.68)
Mahindra & Mahindra South Africa
(Proprietary) Limited
0.17%
162.90
0.15%
26.36
1.91%
13.70
0.22%
40.06
-0.39%
(367.31)
-1.29%
(219.77)
-3.85%
(27.65)
-1.39%
(247.42)
Bristlecone Worldwide, Inc
(Consolidated)
0.57%
526.29
0.90%
153.65
4.09%
29.39
1.03%
183.04
Mahindra Overseas Investment
0.52%
484.35
3.41%
583.85
12.36%
88.89
3.78%
672.74
49. Statement of net assets and profit and loss and other comprehensive income attributable to owners and non-controlling
interest (Continued)
Rupees crores
Share of Other
Comprehensive Income
(OCI)
Share of Total
Comprehensive Income
(TCI)
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
OCI
Amount
As % of
TCI
Amount
Mahindra Emirates Vehicle Armouring
FZ-LLC (Consolidated)
0.06%
51.40
0.05%
8.71
0.62%
4.45
0.07%
13.16
Mahindra Racing UK Limited #
-0.01%
(12.87)
-0.14%
(24.20)
-0.10%
(0.73)
-0.14%
(24.93)
Mahindra Two Wheelers Europe
Holdings S.a r.l
0.00%
(0.03)
0.00%
0.11
0.00%
(0.01)
0.00%
0.10
Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural
Machinery Co. Ltd (Consolidated)
0.11%
100.21
-2.58%
(440.84)
3.14%
22.61
-2.35%
(418.23)
0.01%
9.01
-0.09%
(15.70)
0.32%
2.31
-0.08%
(13.39)
Mahindra do Brasil Industrial Ltda
0.30%
281.33
0.12%
19.85
6.48%
46.58
0.37%
66.43
Mahindra Automotive North America
Inc. (Consolidated)
0.13%
125.22
-0.02%
(4.22)
0.97%
6.95
0.02%
2.73
Erkunt Sanayi A.S.
-0.02%
(21.29)
-3.67%
(628.01)
15.13%
108.78
-2.91%
(519.23)
Erkunt Traktor Sanayii A.S
0.59%
545.28
-2.80%
(479.06)
15.77%
113.42
-2.05%
(365.64)
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
(Consolidated)
-0.14%
(133.37)
-1.57%
(268.16)
-1.95%
(14.04)
-1.58%
(282.20)
Mahindra Automotive Mauritius
0.17%
153.96
-1.15%
(197.03)
0.00%
-
-1.11%
(197.03)
Sampo Rosenlew Oy
(upto 30th September, 2025)
0.21%
195.67
-0.05%
(8.21)
3.04%
21.85
0.08%
13.64
Mauritius Limited (Formerly known
as Mahindra-BT Investment Company
(Mauritius) Limited )
(w.e.f. 19th December, 2025)
0.19%
174.65
0.01%
1.31
0.92%
6.58
0.04%
7.89
Associates (Investment as per the
equity method)
Indian
Tech Mahindra Limited (Consolidated)
8.93%
8,310.08
7.89%
1,349.94
53.31%
383.28
9.73%
1,733.22
(upto 15th September, 2025)
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.02
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.02
(Consolidated)
0.47%
440.23
-0.11%
(18.24)
0.05%
0.34
-0.10%
(17.90)
ReNew Sunlight Energy Private
0.02%
14.28
0.00%
0.14
0.00%
-
0.00%
0.14
Gelos Solren Private Limited (w.e.f.
15th December, 2025)
0.03%
24.66
0.00%
(0.01)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.01)
Blue Planet Integrated Waste Solutions
Limited (upto 02nd March 2026)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.49)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.49)
49. Statement of net assets and profit and loss and other comprehensive income attributable to owners and non-controlling
interest (Continued)
Rupees crores

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
49. Statement of net assets and profit and loss and other comprehensive income attributable to owners and non-controlling
interest (Continued)
Rupees crores
Share of Other
Comprehensive Income
(OCI)
Share of Total
Comprehensive Income
(TCI)
As % of
Amount
As % of
Amount
As % of
OCI
Amount
As % of
TCI
Amount
Foreign
CIE Automotive S.A. (Consolidated)
0.60%
560.76
1.34%
228.63
-5.94%
(42.72)
1.04%
185.91
PF Holdings B.V. (Consolidated)
0.09%
82.87
-0.12%
(20.70)
1.86%
13.37
-0.04%
(7.33)
The East India Company Group Ltd
BVI (Consolidated)
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Joint Ventures (Investment as per
the equity method)
Indian
(Consolidated)
1.85%
1,724.38
0.21%
35.15
0.00%
-
0.20%
35.15
(Consolidated)
0.03%
31.94
-0.55%
(94.79)
0.48%
3.42
-0.51%
(91.37)
0.00%
4.38
0.00%
0.85
0.00%
0.03
0.00%
0.88
Smartshift Logistics Solution Private
Limited (Consolidated)
0.28%
263.74
0.31%
52.29
-0.05%
(0.35)
0.29%
51.94
0.02%
21.62
-0.03%
(4.75)
-0.02%
(0.13)
-0.03%
(4.88)
Aquasail Distribution Company
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.11%
101.33
0.01%
2.19
0.01%
0.07
0.01%
2.26
Tech Mahindra Foundation
(w.e.f. 9th January 2026) ##
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Foreign
Mauritius Limited (Formerly
known as Mahindra-BT Investment
Company (Mauritius) Limited ) (upto
18th December, 2025)
0.00%
-
0.03%
5.87
0.29%
2.11
0.04%
7.98
Mahindra Ideal Lanka (Private)
Limited (upto 14th August 2025)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.43)
0.00%
-
0.00%
(0.43)
Non controlling Interest
-17.61%
(16,394.65)
-8.91%
(1,522.86)
-11.69%
(84.02)
-9.02%
(1,606.88)
Consolidation adjustments and
Inter Company Eliminations
-32.65%
(30,391.91)
-9.97%
(1,704.71)
-10.85%
(78.03)
-10.01%
(1,782.74)
Total
100.00%
93,096.35
100.00%
17,098.85
100.00%
719.03
100.00%
17,817.88
#
Entity ceased to be a subsidiary of the Group with effect from 9th June 2026. Subsequently, the Group repurchased its stake on 17th November 2025.
##
Classified as Joint Venture in accordance with the provisions of the shareholders agreement
50. Additional Regulatory Information
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has notified the Environment Protection (End-of-Life Vehicles) Rules, 2025 ( ELV Rules ), which are
effective from April 1, 2025. As per these rules, Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) obligations are imposed on producers ( vehicle manufacturers )
for the scrapping of End-of-Life Vehicles and such obligations are to be fulfilled through the purchase of EPR certificates from registered Vehicle
Scrapping Facilities via a Centralised Online Portal. The implementation details and operational procedures of the ELV rules including the modalities of
the pricing mechanism for the EPR certificates are yet to be developed.

Consequently, the Group is currently unable to reliably estimate a range of possible outcomes and the potential impact of these rules. The Group will continue
to assess the ability to measure its obligations pursuant to the ELV Rules, as and when the aforesaid details of implementation framework are available.
Transaction with Struck off Companies
Rupees crores
Receivables
Payables Other Outstanding
Balances-Assets
Other
Outstanding
Balances-
Liabilities
Number of
Shares held
Companies
Badri Sarraf Finance And Mutual Benefit Company Limited
-
Cherrytin Online Private Limited
*
-
Dreams Comtrade Private Limited
-
Elegant Finvest Private Limited
-
Frontline Corporate Finance Limited
-
1,944
HBN Homes Colonisers Private Limited
0.02
-
Hudson Engineering Industries Private Limited
-
1,200
J. Atul Investments Private Limited
-
*
-
Jaipal Consultancy Private Limited
-
Knowledge Beans Training Management & Consulting Private
0.01
-
Libra Agencies Private Limited
-
M. N S Logistics Private Limited
*
-
Magnate Leasing And Finance Private Limited
-
Maptronicz Technologies Private Limited
*
-
Midwest Mutual Fund Limited
-
Padmini Diesel Emission Control Private Limited
-
*
-
Rajpal Control Systems Private Limited
-
Rapidform Technologies Private Limited
*
-
Sahil Genset Sales Private Limited
*
-
Sartaj Mega Project India Private Limited
*
-
The India Sugar Agencies Private Limited
-

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Receivables
Payables
Other Outstanding
Balances-Assets
Other
Outstanding
Balances-
Liabilities
Number of
Shares held
Companies
Versatile Options And Solutions Private Limited
-
0.02
-
Gansai Martech Private Limited
-
*
-
M.G.B.Mobiles Limited
-
*
-
Shruti Motors Private Limited
1.28
-
Balaji Infrastructure Private Limited
0.80
-
Akshara Residential Public School Private Limited
0.41
-
Raj and Raj Private Limited
0.12
-
Sakthi Travels Private Limited
0.23
-
Probus Infratech Private Limited
0.07
-
DRRC Infra Projects Private Limited
0.07
-
VH Square Healthcare Private Limited
0.04
-
Pramila Hospitality Private Limited
0.03
-
Console Cargo Logistics Services (I) Private Limited
0.02
-
SKS Automobiles India Private Limited
*
-
Shriram Autowheels Private Limited
*
-
Retona Motors Private Limited
*
-
East Africa Mobiles Limited
*
-
Fairdeal Motors & Workshop Private Limited
-
0.50
-
Chowdhary Motors Private Limited
-
0.05
-
Platinum Hotels Private Limited
-
0.00
-
Sameodhi Tech Solutions Private Limited
-
0.00
-
VMS Consultants Private Limited
-
0.70
-
Optimistic Trading Company Private Limited
-
4,451
Salasar Securities Private Limited
-
2,834
50. Additional Regulatory Information (Continued)
50. Additional Regulatory Information (Continued)
Rupees crores
Receivables
Payables
Other Outstanding
Balances-Assets
Other
Outstanding
Balances-
Liabilities
Number of
Shares held
Companies
Unicon Fincap Private Limited
-
Dreams Broking Private Limited
-
*
denotes amounts less than Rs. 50,000.
Note: The above information is provided on basis of reasonable diligence done to ascertain relevant companies that have been struck off on the website of
the Ministry of Company Affairs.
Signatures to Notes 1 to 50
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M. P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No. : 101248W/W-100022
Venkataramanan Vishwanath
Partner
Membership No. : 113156
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director
(DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4146)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
FORM AOC-1
Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
Statement Containing salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures as included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited £
25/10/2022
INR
1.0000 4,308.31
2,826.38 13,184.58
6,049.89
1,752.54 14,423.49
489.14 102.20
386.94
-
100.00%
05/02/2001
INR
1.0000
44.55
(9.08)
128.97
93.50
-
970.31
10.09
-
10.09
-
100.00%
Mahindra Automotive Australia Pty.
23/09/2008
AUD 64.5235
29.52
24.02
775.97
722.43
-
995.83
5.12
1.54
3.58
-
100.00%
31/05/2005
EUR 108.0560
15.35
(4.20)
20.70
9.55
-
27.23
(8.46)
-
(8.46)
-
100.00%
Mahindra and Mahindra South Africa
(Proprietary) Limited
20/10/2004
ZAR
5.4852
28.52
132.84
959.38
798.02
- 3,139.98
37.23
8.99
28.24
-
100.00%
Automobili Pininfarina GmbH
07/05/2018
EUR 108.0560 2,701.40 (2,834.56)
50.55
183.71
0.40
62.39
(280.06)
3.08
(283.14)
-
100.00%
Automobili Pininfarina Americas Inc.
15/01/2019
USD 94.1950
0.38
(0.27)
5.11
5.00
-
0.29
0.01
*
0.01
-
100.00%
04/03/2011
GBP 124.3515
0.25
(13.11)
88.59
101.45
-
316.54
(17.41)
-
(17.41)
-
100.00%
29/05/2023
INR
1.0000 1,153.57
1,059.76
3,789.12
1,575.79
386.31
4,798.29
250.06
64.61
185.45
-
78.11%
Mahindra Two Wheelers Europe
Holdings S.a.r.l. $
02/12/2014
EUR 108.0560 1,554.93 (1,554.95)
1.04
1.06
*
-
0.12
*
0.12
-
100.00%
18/10/2016
INR
1.0000
815.99
(695.39)
844.07
723.47
138.59 1,046.01
(138.22)
(0.04)
(138.18)
-
58.37%
BSA Company Limited
21/10/2016
GBP

124.3515
4.59
(2.97)
116.24
114.62
*
116.42
(16.53)
0.38
(16.91)
-
58.37%
The Birmingham Small Arms
Company Limited **
11/09/2020
GBP 124.3515
*
-
*
-
58.37%
BSA Corporation Limited **
11/09/2020
GBP 124.3515
*
-
*
-
58.37%
B.S.A. Motor Cycles Limited **
11/09/2020
GBP 124.3515
*
-
*
-
58.37%
SML Mahindra Limited
(Formerly known as SML Isuzu Limited)
01/08/2025
INR
1.0000
14.48
504.86
1,396.78
877.44
-
2,837.92
213.95
54.20
159.75
34.01
58.97%
18/12/1999
INR
1.0000
54.30
(8.79)
176.85
131.34
-
397.73
7.63
(2.45)
10.08
-
60.00%
08/10/2024
THB
2.8609
28.61
(19.58)
19.38
10.35
-
14.28
(16.41)
-
(16.41)
-
100.00%
08/06/1994
USD 94.1950 2,087.36 (2,202.66)
2,040.71
2,156.01
-
2,666.79
(229.67)
6.26
(235.93)
-
100.00%
Mahindra Automotive North America Inc.
25/04/2017
USD 94.1950 1,881.48
(895.81)
1,061.69
76.02
858.64
199.14
(4.47)
0.01
(4.48)
-
100.00%
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
Mahindra Vehicle Sales and Service Inc.
06/06/2017
USD 94.1950
849.70
(860.43)
0.49
11.22
-
*
0.01
(0.01)
-
100.00%
Mahindra do Brasil Industrial Ltda
14/10/2016
BRL
17.9330
109.35
171.81
463.58
182.42
-
616.43
31.26
9.51
21.75
-
100.00%
Erkunt Traktor Sanayii A.S. #
01/12/2017
TRY
2.1179
368.51
166.75
864.27
329.01
79.69
891.23
(443.32)
(14.03)
(429.29)
-
100.00%
Erkunt Sanayi A.S. #
01/12/2017
TRY
2.1179
335.86
(111.63)
711.32
487.09
64.54
824.02
(484.36)
(1.87)
(482.49)
-
99.06%
28/09/2022
INR
1.0000
12.15
476.77
778.82
289.90
19.26
2,007.13
263.57
67.27
196.30
133.65
52.11%
17/03/2022
INR
1.0000
0.17
5.82
11.58
5.59
2.15
19.80
1.11
(0.06)
1.17
-
73.00%
M.I.T.R.A Agro Equipments Private
17/03/2023
INR
1.0000
0.26
50.86
82.17
31.05
-
110.02
20.41
4.68
15.73
-
100.00%
06/04/2020
INR
1.0000
40.21
3.34
128.99
85.44
33.70
359.05
0.92
0.12
0.80
-
100.00%
29/08/2022
INR
1.0000
16.50
(0.08)
19.22
2.80
-
3.51
0.32
0.08
0.24
-
100.00%
16/09/2025
INR
1.0000
0.61
(0.91)
*
0.31
-
*
-
*
-
51.02%
16/08/2000
INR
1.0000
128.65
(66.41)
321.40
259.16
57.17
371.13
21.03
-
21.03
-
99.06%
09/10/2018
INR
1.0000
188.11
(152.18)
198.12
162.19
-
236.08
(8.02)
-
(8.02)
-
59.44%
08/09/2011
INR
1.0000
27.94
157.11
351.67
166.62
-
312.09
16.99
4.30
12.69
-
54.20%
Mahindra Top Greenhouses Private
16/11/2018
INR
1.0000
3.00
(2.97)
0.03
*
-
(0.02)
-
(0.02)
-
32.52%
25/04/2013
INR
1.0000
49.64
(22.64)
118.36
91.36
-
93.68
6.59
0.04
6.55
-
59.39%
09/07/2014
INR
1.0000
12.33
(12.19)
0.62
0.48
-
0.90
0.02
-
0.02
-
99.06%
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Limited
30/09/1998
INR
1.0000
277.91 24,480.79

1,47,905.27

1,23,146.57
6,820.37

18,445.59
3,672.63 890.40
2,782.23

1,042.48
52.51%
07/04/2004
INR
1.0000
10.31
653.07
1,016.73
353.35
448.96
1,455.69
157.03
43.44
113.59
79.90
52.51%
09/04/2007
INR
1.0000
122.63
1,190.58
9,312.60
7,999.39
512.02 1,154.03
77.68
19.67
58.01
-
51.79%
Mahindra Manulife Investment
Management Private Limited
20/06/2013
INR
1.0000
382.94
(200.82)
244.79
62.67
171.47
101.86
6.50
2.32
4.18
-
26.41%
25/04/2013
INR
1.0000
0.98
1.47
2.78
0.33
2.42
0.64
0.23
0.04
0.19
-
26.41%
Mahindra Ideal Finance Limited
08/07/2021
LKR
0.2993
57.11
49.47
927.22
820.64
68.67
127.56
24.50
10.19
14.31
-
30.56%
Mahindra Finance CSR foundation
02/04/2019
INR
1.0000
*
(0.01)
*
0.01
-
0.02
*
(0.01)
-
52.51%

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
30/03/2007
INR
1.0000
213.34
2,847.56
6,921.20
3,860.30
1,082.39
860.32
88.01
15.91
72.10
74.67
52.41%
Mahindra Infrastructure Developers
14/12/2001
INR
1.0000
18.00
3.15
21.55
0.40
16.88
-
11.90
0.51
11.39
-
52.41%
Mahindra World City (Maharashtra) Limited 21/09/2005
INR
1.0000
25.42
(10.17)
17.07
1.82
17.07
-
(0.03)
-
(0.03)
-
52.41%
Knowledge Township Limited
16/08/2007
INR
1.0000
49.07
5.82
144.89
90.00
1.27
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
52.41%
Industrial Township (Maharashtra)
02/07/2008
INR
1.0000
5.00
(2.16)
2.84
*
-
0.04
-
0.04
-
52.41%
Anthurium Developers Limited
02/06/2010
INR
1.0000
0.05
(2.64)
914.64
917.23
-
(3.71)
(0.94)
(2.77)
-
52.41%
29/03/2013
INR
1.0000
0.05
15.83
166.60
150.72
-
52.15
12.72
39.43
-
52.41%
Mahindra Water Utilities Limited
27/07/2015
INR
1.0000
0.10
10.24
15.77
5.43
4.59
22.54
5.10
1.30
3.80
-
51.88%
22/09/2004
INR
1.0000
20.00
435.81
693.38
237.57
291.58
532.48
249.83
76.73
173.10
40.00
46.64%
Mahindra World City Jaipur Limited
26/08/2005
INR
1.0000
150.00
335.80
644.43
158.63
80.86
327.30
268.52
68.79
199.73
-
38.78%
Mahindra Bloomdale Developers Limited
03/06/2008
INR
1.0000
0.05
11.02
192.23
181.16
7.12
295.46
50.23
12.99
37.24
-
52.41%
22/12/2014
INR
1.0000
395.00
71.07
569.19
103.12
250.53
265.58
74.90
18.50
56.40
49.77
31.44%
Mahindra Homes Private Limited
30/03/2017
INR
1.0000
0.84
113.13
715.52
601.55
-
9.05
0.53
8.52
-
52.41%
06/09/2017
INR
1.0000
0.10
(19.87)
124.07
143.84
-
109.42
1.02
-
1.02
-
26.73%
07/05/2018
INR
1.0000
*
(1.18)
0.01
1.19
-
0.03
-
0.03
-
24.19%
Deep Mangal Developers Private Limited
28/11/2017
INR
1.0000
6.42
(1.02)
5.48
0.08
*
-
0.09
0.02
0.07
-
52.41%
Moonshine Construction Private Limited
28/11/2017
INR
1.0000
*
(0.32)
*
0.32
*
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
52.41%
Shreyas Stones Private Limited **
27/06/2025
INR
1.0000
0.01
134.90
218.65
83.74
-
(3.09)
(0.75)
(2.34)
-
52.41%
Mahindra Blossom Developers Limited $$ 02/01/2026
INR
1.0000
232.80
(1.72)
706.51
475.43
-
(2.30)
(0.58)
(1.72)
-
26.73%
28/03/2000
INR
1.0000
201.68
1,016.12
8,323.38
7,105.58
826.56 1,469.23
89.22
84.67
4.55
-
66.87%
Mahindra Hotels & Residences India
26/04/2007
INR
1.0000
45.00
(25.54)
188.95
169.49
-
16.82
(10.19)
-
(10.19)
-
66.87%
Gables Promoters Private Limited
24/08/2012
INR
1.0000
65.00
8.83
143.13
69.30
-
24.62
(0.91)
-
(0.91)
-
66.87%
Heritage Bird (M) Sdn Bhd
03/03/2008
MYR 23.3125
0.69
1.99
7.42
4.74
-
1.68
0.79
0.25
0.54
-
66.87%
Infinity Hospitality Group Company
05/11/2012
THB
2.8609
42.91
(38.09)
57.24
52.42
-
13.37
0.18
-
0.18
-
49.48%
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
MH Boutique Hospitality Limited
02/11/2012
THB
2.8609
2.86
(6.93)
11.03
15.10
10.87
-
(0.52)
-
(0.52)
-
32.77%
MHR Holdings (Mauritius) Limited
11/07/2014
EUR 108.0560
274.40
(122.27)
1,072.30
920.17
250.50
-
(3.40)
-
(3.40)
-
66.87%
Covington S.a.r.l
17/07/2014
EUR 108.0560
0.13
147.78
970.92
823.01
733.53
-
(20.61)
-
(20.61)
-
66.87%
Guestline Hospitality Management
and Development Service Limited
02/12/2022
INR
1.0000
0.02
5.80
6.09
0.27
-
0.34
0.08
0.26
-
66.51%
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts
Harihareshwar Limited
23/08/2022
INR
1.0000
0.05
(0.26)
1.45
1.66
-
(0.13)
-
(0.13)
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Resorts Oy
02/09/2015
EUR 108.0560
129.23
94.01
1,186.58
963.34
67.98 1,161.16
(94.40)
-
(94.40)
-
66.87%
Kiinteistö Oy Rauhan Liikekiinteistöt 1
02/09/2015
EUR 108.0560
1.08
19.28
69.66
49.30
-
6.22
(2.07)
-
(2.07)
-
66.87%
Ownership Services Sweden Ab
02/09/2015
SEK
9.8679
0.10
1.80
8.24
6.34
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
66.87%
Are Villa 3 Ab
26/01/2018
SEK
9.8679
0.04
*
0.04
-
*
-
*
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Sweden Ab Åre
02/09/2015
SEK
9.8679
0.10
116.97
168.67
51.60
59.97
12.15
3.07
-
3.07
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Sport and Spa Hotels AB
01/12/2015
SEK
9.8679
0.99
5.89
70.78
63.90
-
146.46
(8.10)
0.02
(8.12)
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Investments S.L. 02/09/2015
EUR 108.0560
0.03
53.42
88.08
34.63
88.02
54.02
54.00
0.67
53.33
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Sales &
Marketing S.L.
02/09/2015
EUR 108.0560
54.06
(26.00)
152.93
124.87
37.17
50.59
(6.80)
(0.80)
(6.00)
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Resort
Management S.L.
02/09/2015
EUR 108.0560
0.03
44.04
137.75
93.68
76.89
74.14
10.07
2.68
7.39
-
66.87%
Holiday Club Canarias Vacation Club SLU
18/12/2018
EUR 108.0560
0.03
35.28
52.54
17.23
3.86
65.40
10.49
2.62
7.87
-
66.87%
Keskinäinen Kiinteistö Oy Salla Star **
03/07/2025
EUR 108.0560
0.03
*
1.57
1.54
-
*
-
*
-
66.87%
Bristlecone Worldwide, Inc.
17/05/2004
USD 94.1950
0.19
74.78
136.82
61.85
114.20
10.71
15.19
(0.18)
15.37
-
94.72%
Bristlecone India Private Limited
(Formerly known as Bristlecone
India Limited)
25/09/1995
INR
1.0000
19.05
244.28
456.88
193.55
145.27
738.32
79.30
20.33
58.97
-
94.72%
Bristlecone Consulting Limited
01/06/2010
CAD
67.6276
*
4.62
6.09
1.47
-
9.60
0.71
0.19
0.52
-
94.72%
Bristlecone (Malaysia) Sdn.Bhd
30/05/2007
MYR 23.3125
1.17
0.08
1.48
0.23
-
0.78
0.03
-
0.03
-
94.72%
Bristlecone International AG
21/06/2011
CHF 117.9355
1.18
29.74
35.55
4.63
-
30.42
(0.66)
-
(0.66)
-
94.72%
Bristlecone (UK) Limited
31/05/1999
GBP 124.3515
22.01
(21.54)
0.47
-
0.19
*
-
*
-
94.72%
Bristlecone Inc.
17/05/2004
USD 94.1950
64.53
87.59
447.19
295.07
-
1,176.06
134.17
37.62
96.55
-
94.72%

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
Bristlecone Middle East DMCC
18/07/2016
AED 25.6485
0.13
3.76
5.69
1.80
-
14.54
0.91
-
0.91
-
94.72%
Bristlecone GmbH
09/12/2003
EUR 108.0560
0.54
79.23
98.50
18.73
-
106.80
14.41
5.63
8.78
-
94.72%
Bristlecone (Singapore) Pte. Limited
21/02/2003
SGD 72.9545
12.18
(0.20)
12.15
0.17
-
(0.46)
-
(0.46)
-
94.72%
Bristlecone Internacional Costa Rica
Limited **
04/01/2022
USD 94.1950
2.92
(3.41)
0.42
0.91
-
(1.27)
-
(1.27)
-
94.72%
Mauritius Limited (Formerly known
as Mahindra-BT Investment Company
(Mauritius) Limited)
24/12/2004
USD 94.1950
111.90
55.82
167.93
0.21
33.62
-
3.81
(8.79)
12.60
-
100.00%
28/04/1983
INR
1.0000
27.10
1,089.03
2,038.86
922.73
187.33
4,378.62
237.54
58.66
178.88
143.12
100.00%
29/12/1993
INR
1.0000
16.54
154.03
545.80
375.23
-
652.48
36.88
9.41
27.47
8.24
61.00%
Mahindra Electrical Steel Private
Limited **
11/07/2009
INR
1.0000
2.50
(2.47)
0.05
0.02
-
(0.03)
-
(0.03)
-
100.00%
12/12/2013
INR
1.0000
68.50
205.14
574.30
300.66
- 1,161.82
82.43
18.02
64.41
9.66
75.50%
Mahindra Middleeast Electrical Steel
Service Centre (FZC)
08/08/2004
AED 25.6485
1.41
11.81
25.01
11.79
-
20.10
(0.60)
-
(0.60)
-
90.00%
PT Mahindra Accelo Steel Indonesia
19/12/2018
IDR
0.0055
40.87
(30.79)
86.29
76.21
-
93.93
(3.09)
-
(3.09)
-
99.99%
Mahindra MSTC Recycling Private
16/12/2016
INR
1.0000
80.00
(56.26)
49.16
25.42
-
51.32
(9.40)
(0.01)
(9.39)
-
50.00%
02/11/2007
INR
1.0000 2,705.37
856.84
3,573.91
11.70
2,972.11
86.65
76.59
19.76
56.83
-
100.00%
Mahindra Overseas Investment
24/12/2004
USD 94.1950 4,453.62 (3,969.27)
1,380.40
896.05
1,141.03
1,263.02
632.89
11.52
621.37
-
100.00%
06/11/2018
EUR 108.0560 3,081.81 (2,927.87)
154.04
0.10
*
0.18
(208.14)
-
(208.14)
-
100.00%
04/03/2011
INR
1.0000
556.49
2,531.48
3,325.20
237.23
1,150.16
733.50
265.39
57.76
207.63
-
60.01%
Migos Hybren Private Limited **
15/12/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(0.32)
10.65
10.77
-
(0.03)
-
(0.03)
-
60.01%
Layer Hybren Private Limited **
02/12/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(1.95)
68.70
70.45
-
(0.07)
-
(0.07)
-
60.01%
Kyros Hybren Private Limited **
30/11/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(0.07)
0.22
0.09
-
(0.02)
-
(0.02)
-
60.01%
Jade Hybren Private Limited **
30/11/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(5.13)
40.03
44.96
-
(5.03)
-
(5.03)
-
60.01%
Furies Solren Private Limited **
14/06/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(1.08)
189.57
190.45
-
(0.05)
-
(0.05)
-
60.01%
Gelos Solren Private Limited **
14/06/2023
INR
1.0000
2.99
91.85
553.77
458.93
-
(0.14)
-
(0.14)
-
70.41%
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
Hazel Hybren Private Limited **
02/06/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(0.59)
431.10
431.49
-
(0.06)
-
(0.06)
-
60.01%
Illuminate Hybren Private Limited **
30/05/2023
INR
1.0000
0.20
(1.13)
44.70
45.63
-
(0.04)
-
(0.04)
-
60.01%
Neon Hybren Private Limited **
03/05/2024
INR
1.0000
5.19
22.81
162.77
134.77
-
(0.13)
-
(0.13)
-
60.01%
Orion Hybren Private Limited **
03/05/2024
INR
1.0000
0.20
(5.07)
23.51
28.38
-
(5.04)
-
(5.04)
-
60.01%
Pulse Hybren Private Limited **
03/05/2024
INR
1.0000
0.20
(0.05)
19.25
19.10
-
(0.02)
-
(0.02)
-
60.01%
Quest Hybren Private Limited **
03/05/2024
INR
1.0000
0.20
(0.05)
18.74
18.59
-
(0.02)
-
(0.02)
-
60.01%
Rhyme Hybren Private Limited **
13/12/2024
INR
1.0000
0.15
(0.02)
0.14
0.01
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
60.01%
Steer Hybren Private Limited **
29/11/2024
INR
1.0000
0.15
(0.02)
0.14
0.01
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
60.01%
Target Hybren Private Limited **
06/12/2024
INR
1.0000
0.15
(0.02)
0.14
0.01
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
60.01%
Ultrogen Hybren Private Limited **
29/12/2024
INR
1.0000
0.15
(0.02)
0.14
0.01
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
60.01%
Velos Hybren Private Limited **
09/12/2024
INR
1.0000
0.15
(0.02)
0.14
0.01
-
(0.01)
-
(0.01)
-
60.01%
Martial Solren Private Limited
27/08/2020
INR
1.0000
6.91
126.43
2,065.08
1,931.74
-
117.76
(25.29)
(8.17)
(17.12)
-
60.01%
05/01/2016
INR
1.0000
0.13
88.25
200.91
112.53
-
260.77
9.11
1.27
7.84
-
80.00%
10/10/2015
INR
1.0000
27.82
28.39
107.28
51.07
-
19.18
1.68
0.53
1.15
-
100.00%
Mahindra Advanced Technologies Limited 07/04/2025
INR
1.0000 1,361.16
(679.92)
681.34
0.10
680.31
-
(2.89)
-
(2.89)
-
100.00%
30/07/2012
INR
1.0000
18.11
647.42
1,607.47
941.94
85.94
805.59
44.29
8.33
35.96
28.98
100.00%
Mahindra Telephonics Integrated
22/04/2013
INR
1.0000
50.78
(40.07)
106.80
96.09
1.23
45.04
6.20
-
6.20
-
100.00%
Mahindra Emirates Vehicle
Armouring FZ-LLC
05/08/2010
AED 25.6485
25.65
23.37
110.86
61.84
0.07
123.44
10.34
1.18
9.16
-
88.00%
Mahindra Armored Vehicles Jordan,
31/03/2019
JOD 132.8565
0.06
2.09
3.60
1.45
-
21.35
0.09
-
0.09
-
88.00%
24/03/2008
INR
1.0000
91.11
(2.32)
250.78
161.99
35.24
353.27
(3.87)
-
(3.87)
-
56.46%
Mahindra Integrated Business
Solutions Private Limited
18/01/2011
INR
1.0000
9.78
210.25
317.70
97.67
36.74
672.55
32.34
8.14
24.20
9.78
100.00%
11/08/2014
INR
1.0000
0.80
(1.97)
0.74
1.91
-
(0.03)
-
(0.03)
-
100.00%
27/07/2016
INR
1.0000
183.00
(10.65)
212.86
40.51
0.23
26.93
(1.87)
-
(1.87)
-
100.00%

Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Rupees crores
Name of Subsidiary
Reporting
Exchange
Share
Capital
Reserves &
Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
Investments
Gross
Turnover^
Profit/(Loss)
before Tax
Provision
for Tax
Profit/ (Loss)
after Tax
Proposed
Dividend
Proportion
@ ##
12/12/2007
INR
1.0000
99.22
1,377.17
3,034.45
1,558.06
855.19 5,671.98
58.20
15.18
43.02
24.80
59.58%
2 x 2 Logistics Private Limited
22/10/2012
INR
1.0000
9.01
17.89
86.81
59.91
-
111.21
19.30
4.89
14.41
-
32.77%
Lords Freight (India) Private Limited
07/08/2014
INR
1.0000
2.36
57.22
102.51
42.93
-
343.46
9.88
2.53
7.35
-
59.58%
05/12/2019
INR
1.0000
596.83
(369.12)
402.84
175.13
-
459.16
(68.27)
-
(68.27)
-
59.58%
MLL Mobility Private Limited
05/12/2019
INR
1.0000
0.64
48.29
150.89
101.96
3.00
400.16
9.82
-
9.82
-
59.58%
V - Link Freight Services Private Limited
09/09/2022
INR
1.0000
3.02
(3.18)
0.05
0.21
-
4.55
(0.49)
-
(0.49)
-
59.58%
Zipzap Logistics Private Limited
22/12/2023
INR
1.0000
0.64
33.84
51.64
17.16
-
219.71
4.91
-
4.91
-
38.19%
28/02/2008
INR
1.0000 1,010.93
(522.39)
488.76
0.22
485.34
0.25
16.40
-
16.40
-
100.00%
27/01/2011
INR
1.0000
577.84
(303.03)
470.98
196.17
1.05
321.19
1.59
-
1.59
-
100.00%
Mahindra Sustainable Energy Private
25/06/2017
INR
1.0000
128.26
(0.23)
128.09
0.06
127.01
0.15
(0.10)
-
(0.10)
-
100.00%
16/09/2025
INR
1.0000
0.15
22.27
23.36
0.94
7.88
3.89
1.94
0.48
1.46
-
99.99%
New Democratic Electoral Trust
16/09/2025
INR
1.0000
0.10
(0.10)
*
-
(0.03)
*
(0.03)
-
58.27%
16/09/2025
INR
1.0000
0.05
2.75
2.83
0.03
0.88
-
0.11
0.03
0.07
-
71.99%
28/11/2017
INR
1.0000
2.40
(24.46)
0.91
22.97
-
0.01
0.44
(0.43)
-
65.88%
Notes
* denotes amounts less than Rs. 50,000.
^ Gross turnover means revenue from operations of respective entities.
** denotes companies yet to commence operations
# denotes companies where reporting period is different from 1st April, 2025 to 31st March, 2026. The financial year for all other subsidiaries is 1st April, 2025 to 31st March, 2026.
$ Based on unaudited financial statements as audit is not required as per their local laws
$$ incorporated in current financial year and will prepare its first statutory accounts in next financial year
@ excluding shares issued to ESOP Trusts of the respective entities/their holding companies but not allotted to employees
## There are no companies where voting power is different from ownership interests.
£ 200 shares are held by investors
List of subsidiaries which have ceased to exist during the year on account of Liquidation/Sale/Merger through scheme of arrangement are as under:
(a) Sampo Rosenlew Oy
(b) MLL Global Logistics Limited
(c) Mahindra Aerospace Australia Pty Limited
Part B Details of Associates / Joint Ventures [as per Section 2(6) of the Companies Act, 2013]
Rupees crores
Name of Associates /Joint Ventures
Audited
Balance
Sheet Date
Date of
Acquisition
No. of
Equity
shares held

Proportion
ownership
Cost of
Investments
Networth
attributable to
Shareholding
as per latest
audited
Balance Sheet
Profit/(Loss) for the year
Considered in
Consolidation
Not
considered in
31/03/2026
31/08/2012

24,84,63,703
28.06%
1,010.42
8,310.08
1,349.94
3,460.96
31/03/2026
31/03/2002
7,49,997
50.00%
-
(0.13)
*
Mitsubishi Mahindra Agricultural
Machinery co., Ltd.
01/10/2015
66.67%
549.05
66.81
(293.89)
(146.95)
P.F. holding BV $
27/05/2016
2,63,36,050
40.00%
254.05
82.87
(20.70)
(31.05)
Smartshift Logistics Solutions Private
31/03/2026
28/03/2018
8,32,11,840
22.84%
218.51
263.74
52.29
176.68
06/07/2021
1,60,74,000
37.21%
16.07
14.28
0.14
0.24
29/04/2022
4,50,41,821
9.29%
351.13
440.23
(18.24)
(91.67)
Tech Mahindra Foundation **
09/01/2026
-
0.00%
-
Notes
There are no associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations.
*
denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000
Including equity/preferred shares to be issued on conversion of participating Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares
$
Based on unaudited financial statements as audit is not required as per their local laws

In addition to JPY750 million Common Stock (which represents 33.33% of the Common stock), the Company owns the entire JPY 2,250 million Class A shares (shares
with no voting rights); Class A shares have rights over dividend and liquidation on an equal basis with Common Stock.
** Classified as Joint Venture in accordance with the provisions of the shareholders agreement
List of associates/joint ventures which ceased to exist during the year on account of sale or status change to subsidiary :
(a) Mahindra & Mahindra Contech Limited
(b) Kota Farm Services Limited
(c) Mahindra Ideal Lanka Private Limited
(d) Blue Planet Integrated Waste Solutions Limited
Directors
Shikha Sharma
Nisaba Godrej
Muthiah Murugappan
Ranjan Pant
Sat Pal Bhanoo
M. P. Vijay Kumar
Samina Hamied
(DIN - 00043265)
(DIN - 00591503)
(DIN - 07858587)
(DIN - 00005410)
(DIN - 10482731)
(DIN - 05170323)
(DIN - 00027923)
Anand G. Mahindra
Chairman (DIN - 00004695)
Anish Shah
Group CEO and Managing Director
(DIN - 02719429)
Rajesh Jejurikar
Executive Director and CEO (Auto and Farm Sectors)
(DIN - 00046823)
Amarjyoti Barua
Group Chief Financial Officer
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary (FCS No.4146)
Mumbai, 5th May, 2026

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | Consolidated Accounts
Notes

Registered Office
MAHINDRA &
Mumbai - 400 001.
Scan QR code to download
Notice
THE EIGHTIETH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MAHINDRA &
MAHINDRA LIMITED will be held on Thursday, the 30th day of
July 2026 at 03.00 p.m., Indian Standard Time (IST), through
Video Conferencing ( VC )/Other Audio Visual Means ( OAVM )
facility to transact the following businesses:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1.
Consideration and Adoption of the Audited Standalone
Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial
Year ended 31st March 2026 and the Reports of the
Board of Directors and Auditors thereon

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

RESOLVED that the Audited Standalone Financial Statements
of the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March
2026 and the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors
thereon, as circulated to the Members, be considered and
adopted.
2.
Consideration and Adoption of the Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial
Year ended 31st March 2026 and the Report of the
Auditors thereon

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

RESOLVED that the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
of the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026
and the Report of the Auditors thereon, as circulated to the
Members, be considered and adopted.
3.
Declaration of Dividend on Ordinary (Equity) Shares

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

"RESOLVED that a Dividend of Rs. 33/- (660%) (Rupees
Thirty three Only) per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face
value of Rs. 5/- (Rupees Five only) each for the Financial Year
ended 31st March 2026, on 124,35,28,831 Ordinary (Equity)
Shares of the Company, aggregating to Rs. 4,103.65 crore
as recommended by the Board of Directors be declared and
that the said Dividend be distributed out of the Profits for the
Financial Year ended on 31st March 2026."
4.
Re-appointment of Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo as a Director
liable to retire by rotation

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

RESOLVED that in accordance with the provisions of
section 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 and the Articles of Association of the Company,
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo (DIN: 10482731), who retires by
rotation at this Annual General Meeting and being eligible
for re-appointment, be re-appointed as a Director of the
Company, liable to retire by rotation.
5.
Re-appointment of Mr. Ranjan Pant as a Director liable
to retire by rotation

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

RESOLVED
accordance
of section 152 and other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the Articles of Association of the
Company, Mr. Ranjan Pant (DIN: 00005410), who retires by
rotation at this Annual General Meeting and being eligible
for re-appointment, be re-appointed as a Director of the
Company, liable to retire by rotation.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
6.
Ratification of Remuneration to Cost Auditors

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of section 148
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies
Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014 [including any statutory modification(s) or
amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the
time being in force] and based on the recommendation
of the Audit Committee and approval of the Board of
Directors, the remuneration payable to M/s. D. C. Dave &
Co., Cost Accountants having Firm Registration Number
000611, appointed by the Board of Directors of the
Company as Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the
Cost Records of the Company for the Financial Year
ending 31st March 2027, amounting to Rs. 10,75,000/-
(Rupees Ten Lakh Seventy-Five Thousand only) (plus
Goods and Services Tax and reimbursement of out-of-
pocket expenses) be ratified.

FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of the
Company (including any committee thereof) be authorised
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to take all
such steps as may be required in this connection including
seeking all necessary approvals to give effect to this
Resolution and to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts
that may arise in this regard.
7.
Payment of Remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra as
a Non-Executive Chairman of the Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Resolution as a Special Resolution

RESOLVED that in partial modification of the Resolution
No. 10 passed by the Members at the Seventy Fifth Annual
General Meeting held on 6th August 2021 ( 75th AGM ) and
the Resolution No. 6 passed by the Members at the Seventy
Ninth Annual General Meeting held on 31st July 2025
( 79th AGM ) and based on the recommendation of the Board
of Directors and Governance, Nomination and Remuneration
Committee of the Company and pursuant to the provisions
of sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V and all other
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the
Act ), the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, Regulation 17(6)(ca)
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ) [including any statutory
modification(s) or amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s)
thereof for the time being in force], and such other approvals,
permissions and sanctions, as may be required and subject
to such conditions and modifications, as may be prescribed
or imposed by any of the authorities while granting such
approvals, permissions and sanctions, the approval of the
Company be accorded for payment of Total Remuneration
to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN: 00004695) as Chairman of
the Company ("Non-Executive - Non Independent Director")
with effect from 1st April 2026 till 31st July 2027, as detailed
hereunder:

1)
Total Remuneration of Rs. 6,65,50,000 per annum
split as under:

Remuneration of Rs. 3,32,75,000 per annum by
way of monthly payment and

(b) Commission of Rs. 3,32,75,000 per annum.

9.
Approval of Material Related Party Transactions
between Mahindra USA Inc. (MUSA), a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company and Mahindra Finance USA
LLC (MFUSA), an associate of Mahindra & Mahindra
Financial Services Limited, a subsidiary of the Company

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

"RESOLVED
pursuant
Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ), the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made
thereunder and other applicable provisions, if any, (including
any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s) thereto
or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),
the Company s Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with
Related Party Transactions and subject to such approval(s),
consent(s), permission(s) as may be necessary from time
to time and based on the approval of the Audit Committee
and the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the
Company, approval of the Members be accorded to the
Company to enter into/ continue with the existing, Material
Related Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s)/ Arrangement(s)/
Agreement(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction
or transactions taken together or series of transactions
or otherwise) falling within the definition of Related Party
Transaction under Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI LODR
Regulations, to be entered into between Mahindra USA,
Inc. (MUSA), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
and Mahindra Finance USA LLC (MFUSA), an Associate
of Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services Limited, a
subsidiary of the Company, as detailed in the explanatory
statement to this Resolution on such material terms and
conditions as mentioned therein and as may be mutually
agreed between the parties, for a period commencing from
the Eightieth Annual General Meeting up to the date of the
Eighty First Annual General Meeting of the Company to be
held in the year 2027, provided that the said contract(s)/
arrangement(s)/ agreement(s) / transaction(s) shall be
carried out in the ordinary course of business of the
Company and at an arm s length basis.

FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of the
Company (including any committee thereof) be authorised
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as IT may
deem fit at its absolute discretion and to take all such steps
as may be required in this connection including finalising and
executing necessary contract(s), scheme(s), agreement(s)
and such other documents as may be required, seeking all
necessary approvals to give effect to this Resolution, for
and on behalf of the Company and settling all such issues,
questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever that may arise
and to take all such decisions with regard to the powers
herein conferred to, without being required to seek further
consent or approval of the Members or otherwise to the
end and intent that the Members shall be deemed to have
given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of
this Resolution.

FURTHER RESOLVED that all actions taken by the Board of
Directors of the Company (including any Committee thereof)
in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated
in this Resolution, be approved, ratified and confirmed in all
respects.
Notes
1.
Pursuant to General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May
2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA )
read together with MCA General Circular Nos. 14 &
17/2020 dated 8th April 2020 and 13th April 2020
respectively, MCA General Circular No. 09/2023 dated
25th September 2023, MCA General Circular No. 09/2024
dated 19th September 2024 and MCA General Circular
No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September 2025 ("MCA
Circulars"), the Company will be conducting this Annual
General Meeting ( AGM or Meeting ) through Video
Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means ( VC / OAVM ).

KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar to an Issue and Share
Transfer Agent of the Company ( KFintech ) shall be providing
facility for voting through remote E-voting, for participation
in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and E-voting during the
AGM. The procedure for participating in the meeting through
VC/OAVM is explained at Note No. 25 below.
2.
In accordance with the Secretarial Standard-2 on General
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries
of India ("ICSI") ( Secretarial Standard-2 ) as amended, the
proceedings of the AGM shall be deemed to be conducted
at the Registered Office of the Company which shall be the
deemed venue of the AGM. Accordingly, this AGM shall be
deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office of the
Company at Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai -
400 001. Since the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM, the
Route Map is not annexed to this Notice.
3.
Pursuant to the said MCA Circulars, physical attendance of
the Members is not required at the AGM and attendance
of the Members through VC/OAVM will be counted for the
purpose of reckoning the quorum under section 103 of the
Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act").
4.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a Member entitled
to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint a
Proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the Proxy
need not be a Member of the Company. Since this AGM is
being held through VC/OAVM, pursuant to the applicable
MCA Circulars physical attendance of Members has been
dispensed with. Further, in accordance with Regulation
44(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ),
the requirement to send proxy forms shall not be applicable
to general meetings held only through electronic mode.
Accordingly, the facility for appointment of Proxies by the
Members will not be available for the AGM and hence the
Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this
Notice.
5.
Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than Individuals,
HUFs, NRIs etc.) are entitled to appoint authorised
representatives to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on
their behalf and cast their votes through remote E-voting
or E-voting facility at the AGM. Corporate/Institutional
Members intending to authorise their representatives to
participate and vote at the Meeting are requested to send
a certified copy of the Board resolution/authorisation letter
to the Scrutiniser at e-mail ID dilipbcs@gmail.com with a
copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to the Company
at investors@mahindra.com authorising its representative(s)
to attend through VC/OAVM and vote on their behalf at the
Meeting, pursuant to section 113 of the Act.

2)
Sitting fees

entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees
for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors or
any Committee thereof, as approved by the Board of
Directors for Non-Executive Directors of the Company
from time to time.

3)
Reimbursement and Benefits

entitled to:

Reimbursement of expenses actually and properly
incurred in the course of business including travel,
stay and entertainment, telephone and mobile,
connectivity charges as per the Company s policy

Such other benefits and facilities in accordance
with the Company s policy not exceeding 100%
of the Total Remuneration per annum mentioned
at point 1 above.

Provided that the above remuneration be paid to
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra even if IT exceeds one percent
of the net profits of the Company in accordance
with sections 197 and 198 of the Act, including any
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.

Provided further that the above remuneration be paid
to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra notwithstanding the limits
approved by the Members of the Company for payment
of remuneration to other Non-Executive Directors of
the Company from time to time.

FURTHER RESOLVED that where the Company has no
profits or its profits are inadequate, during the aforesaid
period, the Company may pay the above remuneration
to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, as Chairman of the Company
as the minimum remuneration for such period as
statutorily permitted subject to receipt of the requisite
approvals, if any.

FURTHER RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions
of Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
approval of the Company be accorded for payment
of the above remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
(DIN: 00004695), as Chairman of the Company for the
Financial Year 2026-27, being an amount exceeding
fifty percent of the total annual remuneration payable
to all the Non Executive Directors of the Company for
the Financial Year 2026-27.

FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of
the Company (including any committee thereof) be
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things
and to take all such steps as may be required in this
connection including seeking all necessary approvals
to give effect to this Resolution and to settle any
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this
regard and further to execute all necessary documents,
applications, returns and writings as may be necessary,
proper, desirable or expedient.
8.
Approval of Material Related Party Transactions
between the Company and Mahindra Electric Automobile
Limited, a Subsidiary of the Company

To consider, and if thought fit, to pass, the following
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution

RESOLVED
pursuant
Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ), the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made
thereunder and other applicable provisions, if any, (including
any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s) thereto
or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),
the Company s Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with
Related Party Transactions and subject to such approval(s),
consent(s), permission(s) as may be necessary from time
to time and based on the approval of the Audit Committee
and the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the
Company, approval of the Members be accorded to the
Company to enter into/ continue with the existing, Material
Related Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s)/ Arrangement(s)/
Agreement(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction
or transactions taken together or series of transactions
or otherwise) falling within the definition of Related Party
Transaction under Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI LODR
Regulations read with the definition of Related Party
under Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
with Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited ( MEAL ), a
Subsidiary and a Related Party of the Company, as detailed
in the explanatory statement to this Resolution, on such
material terms and conditions as mentioned therein and
as may be mutually agreed between the Company and
MEAL, for a period commencing from the Eightieth Annual
General Meeting up to the date of the Eighty First Annual
General Meeting of the Company to be held in the year
2027, provided that the said contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/
agreement(s)/transaction(s) shall be carried out in the
ordinary course of business of the Company and at an arm s
length basis.

FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of the
Company (including any committee thereof) be authorised to
do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as IT may deem fit
at its absolute discretion and to take all such steps as may be
required in this connection including finalising and executing
necessary contract(s), scheme(s), agreement(s) and such other
documents as may be required, seeking all necessary approvals
to give effect to this Resolution, for and on behalf of the
Company and settling all such issues, questions, difficulties or
doubts whatsoever that may arise and to take all such decisions
with regard to the powers herein conferred to, without being
required to seek further consent or approval of the Members
or otherwise to the end and intent that the Members shall be
deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the
authority of this Resolution.

FURTHER RESOLVED that all actions taken by the Board of
Directors of the Company (including any Committee thereof) in
connection with any matter referred to or contemplated in this
Resolution, be approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.

Finance Act, 2026 and amendments thereof. Shareholders
are requested to update their Permanent Account Number
(PAN) with the Company/KFintech (in case of shares held in
physical mode) and Depositories (in case of shares held in
demat mode).

For Resident Shareholders: Tax shall be deducted at source
under section 393(1) [Table Sl. No. 7] of the IT Act at the rate
of 10% on the amount of Dividend declared and paid by the
Company during the Financial Year ( FY ) 2026-27 provided a
valid PAN is provided by the shareholder. In case shareholders
do not have PAN or have invalid PAN or have not registered
their valid PAN details with their DP/ KFintech or shareholder's
PAN is not linked with Aadhaar, TDS at the rate of 20% shall
be deducted under section 397(2) of the IT Act.

For Resident Individual: No TDS shall be deducted
on the Dividend payable to a resident Individual if
the total dividend to be received during FY 2026-27
does not exceed Rs. 10,000 as per section 393(4)
[Table SI. No.10]. Please note that this includes the
future dividends, if any, which may be declared by the
Board in the FY 2026-27.

Separately, in cases where the shareholder provides
Form 121 (applicable to resident individuals/ including
individuals above the age of 60 years), no tax at source
shall be deducted provided that the eligibility conditions
are being met. IT is implicit that, PAN is mandatory.
Members are requested to note that in case their PAN
is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a higher
rate of 20%.

For Resident Non-Individual: No tax shall be deducted
on the dividend payable to the following resident
non-individuals where they provide relevant details
and documents as per format of Declaration regarding
Category and Beneficial Ownership of shares:

Insurance
Companies
Self-declaration
IT qualifies as 'Insurer' as per section 2(7A) of
the Insurance Act, 1938 and has full beneficial
interest with respect to the ordinary shares
owned by IT along with self-attested copy of
PAN card and certificate of registration with
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India (IRDAI)/LIC/GIC.

Mutual Funds: Self-declaration that IT is registered
with SEBI and is notified under Schedule VII
[Table: SI. No. 20 or 21] of the IT Act along with
self-attested copy of PAN card and certificate of
registration with SEBI.

Alternative
Investment
Fund
(AIF)
Self
declaration that its income is exempt under
Schedule V [Table SI. No. 1] of the Act and
they are registered with SEBI as Category I or
Category II AIF along with self-attested copy of
the PAN card and certificate of AIF registration
with SEBI.

New
Pension
System
(NPS)
Trust
Self
declaration that IT qualifies as NPS trust
and income is eligible for exemption under
Schedule VII [Table SI. No. 41] of the IT Act and
is being regulated by the provisions of the Indian
Trusts Act, 1882 along with self-attested copy of
the PAN card.

Recognized
Provident
Fund
Self-attested
copy of a valid order from Commissioner under
Rule 3 of Part A of Eleventh Schedule to the IT
Act or self-attested valid documentary evidence
(e.g. relevant copy of registration, notification,
order, etc.) in support of the provident fund being
established under a scheme framed under the
Employees' Provident Funds Act, 1952.

vi.
Approved Superannuation Fund: Self-attested
copy of valid approval granted by Commissioner
under Rule 2 of Part B of Eleventh Schedule to
the IT Act.

vii.
Approved Gratuity Fund: Self-attested copy of
valid approval granted by Commissioner under Rule
2 of Part B of Eleventh Schedule to the IT Act.

viii. National Pension Scheme: A declaration that
the NPS is exempt under section 393(9) of the
IT Act and registration taken under Pension Fund
Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 2013.

ix.
Other
non-individual
shareholders:
Self-
attested
copy
documentary
evidence
supporting the exemption along with self-attested
copy of PAN card.

x.
In case a shareholder is Government (Central/
State), no TDS is required to be deducted as per
section 393 of the IT Act.

In case shareholders (both individuals and non-individuals)
provide certificate under section 197 / 395(1) of the
Income-tax Act, 1961 / Income Tax Act, 2025 for
lower/Nil withholding of taxes, rate specified in the said
certificate shall be considered on submission of self-
attested copy to the Company.

For Non-resident Shareholders: Taxes are required to be
withheld in accordance with the provisions of section 393(2)
[Table SI. No. 17] read with section 207 of the IT Act at
the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) on
the amount of Dividend payable to them. In case of GDRs
and Foreign Portfolio Investors ( FPI )/ Foreign Institutional
Investors ( FII ), the withholding tax shall be as per the rates
specified in sections 393(2) [Table SI. No. 15] of the IT Act
respectively (plus applicable surcharge and cess) on the
amount of Dividend payable to them.

For non-resident shareholders who are tax residents of
Notified Jurisdictional Area as defined under section 176 of
the IT Act, tax will be required to be deducted at the rate 30%.
For Sovereign Wealth Fund, Pension Funds, Other bodies
notified under Schedule V (7) of the IT Act, self-declaration is
required to be provided substantiating fulfilment of conditions
prescribed under the aforesaid section of the IT Act.

In case non-resident shareholders provide a certificate issued
under section 395(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961/ Income-
tax Act, 2025 for lower/Nil withholding of taxes, rate specified
in the said certificate shall be considered on submission of
self-attested copy of the same.

However, as per section 159 of the IT Act, the non-resident
shareholder has the option to be governed by the provisions
of the Double Tax Avoidance Agreement ( DTAA ) between
India and the country of tax residence of the shareholder,
if they are more beneficial to them. For this purpose, i.e. to
avail the Tax Treaty benefits, the non-resident shareholder
will have to provide the following:
6.
Members of the Company under the category of Institutional
Shareholders are encouraged to attend and participate
in the AGM through VC/OAVM and vote through remote
E-voting facility provided by the Company.
7.
The Explanatory Statement as required under section 102
of the Act is annexed hereto. Further, additional information
relating to Directors in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the
SEBI LODR Regulations and Clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial
Standard-2 issued by the ICSI with respect to Item
Nos. 4,5 & 7 and the details as required under the Industry
Standards on Minimum information to be provided to the
Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related
Party Transactions ( Industry Standards ) in respect of Item
Nos. 8 & 9, are also annexed hereto.

The Board of Directors has considered and decided to
include the Item Nos. 6 to 9 given above as Special Business
in the AGM in view of the business requirements.
8.
The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
and their shareholding maintained under section 170
of the Act and Register of Contracts or arrangements in
which directors are interested maintained under section
189 of the Act, the Compliance Certificate from the
Secretarial Auditor of the Company under Regulation 13 of
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and
relevant documents referred to in this Notice of AGM and
explanatory statement, will be available electronically for
inspection by the Members during the AGM. All documents
referred to in the Notice will also be available for electronic
inspection without any fee by the Members from the date of
circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e. till 30th
July 2026.

Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an
email to agm.inspection@mahindra.com.
9.
The Company s Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer
Agent for its Share Registry Work (Physical and Electronic)
is KFintech, having their office at Selenium Building,
Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally,
Hyderabad,
Rangareddy,
Telangana
-
500 032, India.
10. BOOK CLOSURE: The Register of Members and Transfer
Books of the Company will be closed from Saturday, 4th July
2026 to Thursday, 30th July 2026 (both days inclusive) for
the purpose of Dividend and the AGM.
11. DIVIDEND: The dividend, as recommended by the Board of
Directors, if approved at the AGM, would be paid subject
to deduction of tax at source, as may be applicable, after
30th July 2026 in line with the statutory timelines, through
electronic mode to those members or their mandates:

whose names appear as Beneficial Owners as at the
end of the business hours on Friday, 3rd July 2026 in
the list of Beneficial Owners to be furnished by National
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository
Services (India) Limited in respect of the shares held in
electronic form; and

whose names appear as Members in the Register of
Members of the Company as at the end of the business
hours on Friday, 3rd July 2026 after giving effect to
valid request(s) received for transmission/ transposition
of shares lodged with the Company/KFintech.
12. ELECTRONIC CREDIT OF DIVIDEND: SEBI has made IT
mandatory for all companies to use the bank account details
furnished by the Depositories and the bank account details
maintained by the Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer
Agent for payment of dividend to Members electronically.
The Company has extended the facility of electronic credit
of dividend directly to the respective bank accounts of the
Member(s) through the National Electronic Clearing Service
(NECS)/ National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT)/Real Time
Gross Settlement (RTGS)/Direct Credit, etc.

Further, the Shareholders holding shares in physical
form may kindly note that SEBI, vide its various circulars
has mandated that dividend shall be paid only through
electronic mode with effect from 1st April 2024. Hence
the Shareholders are requested to update their details
Company/KFintech
submitting
ISR
forms
available under section Information for holders of
Physical Securities on the website of the Company viz.
https://www.mahindra.com/investorrelations/reports/ to avoid
delay in receipt of dividend.

Details of the relevant forms are provided herein below:
Form
Particulars
ISR-1
Request for registering PAN, KYC or changes/
updating thereof
ISR-2
Confirmation of signature of the securities
holder by the banker
ISR-3
Declaration
form
holders
physical
securities in listed companies to opt out of
nomination
ISR-4
Request for issue of Duplicate Certificate and
other service requests
ISR-5
Request for Transmission of Securities by
Nominee or Legal Heir
SH-13
Nomination form
SH-14
Cancellation or variation of Nomination

As directed by SEBI, the Members holding shares in physical
form are requested to submit particulars of their bank
account in Form ISR-1 along with the original cancelled
cheque bearing the name of the Member to the Company/
KFintech to update their bank account details.

Members holding shares in demat form are requested to
update their bank account details with their respective
Depository Participants ( DPs ). The Company or KFintech
cannot act on any request received directly from the Members
holding shares in dematerialised form for any change of bank
particulars. Such changes are to be intimated only to the DPs
of the Members. Further, instructions, if any, already given by
them in respect of shares held in physical form will not be
automatically applicable to shares held in the electronic mode.

Shareholders are requested to ensure that their bank
account details in their respective demat accounts are
updated to enable the Company to provide timely credit of
dividend in their bank accounts.
13. TDS ON DIVIDEND: Pursuant to the Income-Tax Act, 2025
( the IT Act ), as amended by the Finance Act, 2026, dividends
paid or distributed by a Company on or after 1st April 2020
has become taxable in the hands of the shareholders and
therefore, the Company shall be required to deduct tax
at source ( TDS ) from dividend paid to shareholders at
the prescribed rates. For the prescribed rates for various
categories, shareholders are requested to refer to the

Members who have not encashed the dividend so far in
respect of the unclaimed and unpaid dividends declared by
the Company for the Financial Year 2018-19 and thereafter,
are requested to make their claim to KFintech well in
advance of the last dates for claiming such unclaimed and
unpaid dividends as specified hereunder:
Financial Year
ended
Date of
Declaration of
Dividend
Last Date for
claiming unpaid/
unclaimed dividend
31st March 2019
7th August 2019
5th September 2026
31st March 2020
7th August 2020
6th September 2027
31st March 2021
6th August 2021
6th September 2028
31st March 2022
5th August 2022
5th September 2029
31st March 2023
4th August 2023
3rd September 2030
31st March 2024
31st July 2024
29th August 2031
31st March 2025
31st July 2025
29th August 2032

Pursuant to the provisions of Investor Education and
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer
and Refund) Rules, 2016 ( IEPF Rules ), the Company has
uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed amounts lying
with the Company as on 31st March 2025 on the website of
the Company at https://www.mahindra.com and also available
on the website of the MCA at http://www.iepf.gov.in/.

Shareholders are requested to note that, pursuant to the
provisions of section 124 of the Act read with IEPF Rules,
all shares on which dividend has not been paid or claimed
for seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred
to IEPF Authority as notified by the MCA. Accordingly, the
Company during the Financial year 2025-26 has transferred
7,08,661 equity shares in respect of which dividend has
remained unpaid/ unclaimed for the financial year ended
31st March 2018, to the IEPF.

In accordance with the aforesaid IEPF Rules, an individual
communication is being sent to all Members whose shares
are due for transfer to the IEPF Authority and whose email
IDs are available, informing them to claim their unclaimed/
unpaid dividend before due date to avoid such transfer
of shares to IEPF Authority and notice in this regard is
published in Newspapers.

Members whose unclaimed dividends/shares are/will be
transferred to the IEPF Authority can claim the same by
making an online application in the prescribed IEPF-5 web
form by login on www.mca.gov.in. After login, click on MCA
services , then click on IEPF related services and select
IEPF-5 web form for claiming unpaid amounts and shares.
16. NOMINATION: Members can avail nomination facility in
respect of shares held by them in physical form pursuant to
the provisions of section 72 of the Act. Members desiring to
avail this facility may send their nomination in the prescribed
Form No. SH-13 duly filled in to KFintech. Members holding
shares in electronic form may contact their respective DPs
for availing this facility.
17. TRANSFER OF SHARES PERMITTED IN DEMAT FORM
ONLY: As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI LODR Regulations,
securities of listed companies can be transferred only in
dematerialised form with effect from 1st April 2019, except
in case of transmission or transposition of securities. Further,
SEBI vide its Master Circular No. HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-
POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6th February 2026 for Registrar to
an Issue and Share Transfer Agent ("RTA Master Circular"),
has mandated that securities shall be issued only in
dematerialised mode while processing duplicate/ unclaimed
suspense/ renewal/ exchange/ endorsement/ sub-division/
consolidation/ transmission/ transposition service requests
received from physical securities holders. In view of the
above and to eliminate risk associated with physical shares
and to avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Members
are advised to dematerialise their shares held in physical
form.

SEBI vide the RTA Master Circular, has dispensed with the
requirements of issuance of a Letter of Confirmation (LOC)
with effect from 2nd April 2026, by the Company/RTA while
processing the above investor service requests. Accordingly,
the securities will be credited directly to the shareholder s
demat account upon submission of valid demat accounts
details along with the demat conversion request form and
Client Master List not older than two months duly attested
by the Depository Participant.

Members are accordingly requested to get in touch with any
DP having registration with SEBI to open a Demat account or
alternatively, contact the nearest branch of KFintech to seek
guidance in the demat procedure. Members may also visit
website of depositories viz. National Securities Depository
Limited ("NSDL") at https://nsdl.co.in/faqs/faq.php or Central
Depository Services (India) Limited ("CDSL") at https://
www.cdslindia.com/Investors/open-demat.html for further
understanding the demat procedure. Members may also refer
to Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQs ) on Company s website
a https://www.mahindra.com/investor relations/ reports/
18. Special Window for lodgement of physical share transfer
requests: Pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6th February 2026,
a special window is opened till 4th February 2027, to
facilitate lodgement of transfer requests executed before
1st April 2019 but were either not lodged for transfer or
were lodged and subsequently rejected, returned or not
attended due to deficiency in the documents.

Eligible shareholders are requested to submit the requisite
documents before 4th February 2027 to Company/KFintech.
Securities transferred through this mechanism shall be
credited only in dematerialized form and will remain under
a one-year lock-in, during which they cannot be transferred,
lien marked or pledged.

The Company has communicated the opening of this special
window through newspaper advertisements which are
available on the website at https://www.mahindra.com/
investor-relations/regulatory-filings
19. ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF NOTICE OF AGM AND
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT: Pursuant to General
Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May 2020 issued by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) read together with
MCA General Circular Nos. 14 & 17/2020 dated 8th April
2020 and 13th April 2020 respectively, MCA General Circular
No. 09/2023 dated 25th September 2023, MCA General
Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19th September 2024 and
MCA General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September
2025 ("MCA Circulars"), the Company will be conducting this
Annual General Meeting ( AGM or Meeting ) through Video
Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means ( VC / OAVM ). The
Integrated Annual Report for Financial Year 2025-26, which
inter-alia comprises of the Audited Financial Statements
along with the Reports of the Board of Directors and
Auditors thereon and Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements along with the Reports of the Auditors thereon
for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026 pursuant to
section 136 of the Act and Notice calling the AGM pursuant

Self-attested copy of the PAN card allotted by the
Indian Income Tax authorities.

Self-attested copy of Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) for
Financial Year 2026-27 obtained from the tax authorities
of the country of which the shareholder is a resident.

Shareholders who have PAN and propose to claim treaty
benefit need to mandatorily file the Form 41 online at
the link https://eportal.incometax.gov.in/ to avail the
benefit of DTAA. Accordingly, furnishing of Form 41 in
any other format will not be considered valid.

Self-declaration by shareholder of satisfying treaty
eligibility
requirement
beneficial
ownership
requirement for Financial Year 2026-27.

Self-declaration
non-resident
shareholder
of having no Permanent Establishment in India in
accordance with the applicable Tax Treaty.

In case of FIIs and FPIs, copy of SEBI registration
certificate.

In case of shareholder being tax resident of Singapore,
a letter issued by the competent authority or any
other evidence demonstrating the non-applicability
Article
-
Limitation
Relief
India-Singapore DTAA.

IT is recommended that shareholders should independently
satisfy their eligibility to claim DTAA benefit including meeting
of all conditions laid down by DTAA.

Please note that the Company is not obligated to apply
the beneficial DTAA rates at the time of tax deduction/
withholding on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial
DTAA rate for the purpose of withholding taxes shall depend
upon the completeness and satisfactory review by the
Company, of the documents submitted by the non-resident
shareholder.

Shareholders who are exempted from TDS provisions
through any circular or notification may provide documentary
evidence in relation to the same to enable the Company in
applying the appropriate TDS on Dividend payment to such
shareholder.

TDS to be deducted at higher rate, in case of Aadhaar is
not linked with PAN:

As per section 262 of the IT Act, every person who has
been allotted a PAN and who is eligible to obtain Aadhaar
is required to link the PAN with Aadhaar. In case of failure
to comply with this, the PAN allotted shall be deemed to
be invalid/inoperative and tax shall be deducted at the rate
of 20% as per the provisions of section 397(2) of the Act.
The Company will be using functionality of the Income-tax
Department for determination of status of PAN (operative/
inoperative) for the purpose of section 397(2) of the Act.

Declaration Under Rule 203 of the Income Tax Rules,
2026:

In case the dividend income is assessable to tax in the hands
of a person other than the registered shareholder as on
Friday, 3rd July 2026, in terms of Rule 203 of the Income
Tax Rules, 2026, the registered shareholder is required to
furnish a declaration containing the name, address, PAN of
the person to whom TDS credit is to be given and reasons
for giving credit to such person on or before Saturday,
4th July 2026. No request in this regard would be accepted
by the Company/KFintech after the said date.

For shareholders having multiple accounts under
different status/category:

Shareholders holding Ordinary (Equity) shares under multiple
accounts under different status/ category and single PAN,
may note that, higher of the tax as applicable to the status
in which shares are held under a PAN will be considered on
their entire holding in different accounts.
14. Members may submit the aforementioned documents at
einward.ris@kfintech.com in order to enable the Company
to determine and deduct appropriate tax. IT may be further
noted that in case the tax on said dividend is deducted at a
higher rate in the absence of receipt of the aforementioned
details/ documents from the shareholders, there would still
be an option available with the shareholders to file the
return of income and claim an appropriate refund, if eligible.
No claim shall lie against the Company for such higher taxes
deducted.

The tax credit can also be viewed in Form 26AS by
logging in with your credentials (with valid PAN) at
TRACES https://www.tdscpc.gov.in/app/login.xhtml or the
e-filing website of the Income Tax department of India
https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/

For all self-attested documents, shareholders must mention
"certified true copy of the original" on the document. For
all documents being submitted by the shareholder, the
shareholder undertakes to send the original documents on
the request by the Company.

In the event of any income tax demand (including interest,
penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy
or omission of information provided by the shareholder, such
shareholder will be responsible to indemnify the Company
and also provide the Company with all information/
documents and co-operation in any appellate proceedings.

The Company shall arrange to email the soft copy of TDS
certificate to the shareholders at the registered email ID in
due course, post payment of the said Dividend.

An email communication informing the shareholders regarding
TDS as well as the relevant procedure to be adopted by them
to avail the applicable tax rate is being sent by the Company
at the registered email IDs of the Shareholders.
15. IEPF: Under section 124 of the Act, dividends that are
unclaimed/unpaid for a period of seven years are required to
be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
( IEPF ) administered by the Central Government. An amount
of Rs. 2,43,08,137.50/- being unclaimed/unpaid dividend of
the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2018
was transferred in September 2025 to IEPF.

The Company paid to IEPF on 5th August 2025, an amount of
Rs. 6,01,94,304.20/- (net of taxes) towards dividend for the
financial year ended 31st March 2025 on the shares which
were transferred to IEPF.

Please note that Members who do not have User ID
and Password for E-voting or have forgotten User ID
and Password may retrieve the same by following the
instructions provided in Note No. 26 and 27.

Members may join the Meeting through Laptops,
Smartphones, Tablets or iPads for better experience.
Further, Members will be required to use Internet
with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during
the Meeting. Members will need the latest version of
Chrome, Safari, MS Edge or Firefox. Please note that
participants connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets
or through Laptops connecting via mobile hotspot may
experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their
respective network. IT is therefore recommended to
use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any
glitches. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting
through Laptops with latest version of Google Chrome
for better experience.

Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode
30 minutes before the scheduled time of the
commencement of the Meeting or any time thereafter
till the conclusion of the Meeting by following the
procedure mentioned at Point No. a above and this
to section 101 of the Act read with the Rules framed
thereunder, are being sent only in electronic mode to those
Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the
Company/KFintech or the DP(s). The physical copies of such
statements and Notice of AGM will be dispatched only to
those shareholders who request for the same.

In compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the SEBI LODR
Regulations, a letter containing a weblink and QR code for
accessing the Notice of 80th AGM and Integrated Annual
Report for the financial year 2025-26 will be sent to those
shareholders whose email address is not registered with the
Company/KFintech/Depository Participants/Depositories.

Members are requested to register/update their email
addresses, in respect of electronic holdings with the
Depository through the concerned Depository Participants
and in respect of physical holdings with the Company /
KFintech by following due procedure. A copy of the Notice
of this AGM along with Integrated Annual Report for the
FY 2025-26 is available on the website of the Company at
https://www.mahindra.com, website of the Stock Exchanges
where the shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively and
on the website of KFintech at https://evoting.kfintech.com.
20. Dispute Resolution: In pursuance of SEBI Master Circular
SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195
dated
28th December 2023 and Master Circular No. HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026
dated
February
2026, the facility of online dispute resolution mechanism is
available through the SMART ODR Portal for the investors
to raise disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market. After
exhausting the options to resolve their grievances directly
with the Company/KFintech and through the SCORES
platform, investors can initiate dispute resolution through
the SMART ODR Portal. The link to access the SMART
ODR Portal is available on the website of the Company at
https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/reports.
21.
Request to Members
intimate to KFintech/the Company, changes, if any,
pertaining to their postal address, e-mail address,
telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, nominations, in
Form ISR- 1 and other forms prescribed by SEBI;
intimate to the respective DP, changes, if any, in
their registered addresses at an early date, in case of
shares held in dematerialised form;
quote their folio numbers/DP ID & Client ID in all
correspondence;
consolidate their holdings into one folio in case they
hold shares under multiple folios in the identical
order of names;
register their PAN with their DPs, in case of shares
held in dematerialised form; and
refer to Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQs ) section
on Company s website https://www.mahindra.com/
investor relations/reports/ for all requisite formats
and procedures.
22. SCRUTINISER FOR E-VOTING: Mr. Dilip Bharadiya, Practicing
Company Secretary (Membership No. FCS 7956) and failing
him, Ms. Shivangini Gohel, Practicing Company Secretary
(Membership No. ACS 25740) of M/s. Dilip Bharadiya &
Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, have been
appointed as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the E-voting
process in a fair and transparent manner and they have
communicated their willingness to be appointed and will be
available for the said purpose. The Scrutinizer s decision on
the validity of the votes cast through remote E-voting and
E-voting at the Meeting shall be final.
23. SUBMISSION OF QUESTIONS/QUERIES PRIOR TO AGM

For ease of conduct of AGM, Members who wish
to ask questions/express their views on the items
of the businesses to be transacted at the meeting
are requested to write to the Company s investor
email-ID investors@mahindra.com, at least 48 hours
before the time fixed for the AGM i.e. by 3.00 p.m.
(IST) on Tuesday, 28th July, 2026, mentioning their
name, demat account number/folio number, registered
email ID, mobile number, etc. The queries may be raised
precisely and in brief to enable the Company to answer
the same suitably depending on the availability of time
at the AGM.

Alternatively, Members holding shares as on the
cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 23rd July 2026, may also
visit http://emeetings.kfintech.com and click on the tab
Post Your Queries and post their queries/ views in
the window provided, by mentioning their name, demat
account number/ folio number, email ID and mobile
number. The window shall be closed 48 hours before
the time fixed for the AGM i.e. at 03.00 p.m. (IST) on
Tuesday, 28th July 2026.

Members can also post their questions during AGM
through the Ask A Question tab, which is available
in the VC/OAVM Facility as well as in the one-way live
webcast facility.

The Company will, at the AGM, endeavour to address
the queries received till 03.00 p.m. (IST) on Tuesday,
28th July 2026 from those Members who have sent
queries from their registered email IDs. Please note
that Members questions will be answered only if they
continue to hold shares as on the cut-off date.
24. SPEAKER REGISTRATION BEFORE AGM: Members of the
Company who would like to speak or express their views
or ask questions during the AGM may register themselves
as speakers by visiting http://emeetings.kfintech.com and
clicking on Speaker Registration during the period from
Wednesday, 22nd July 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) upto Friday,
24th July 2026 (5:00 p.m. IST). Those Members who have
registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to
speak/express their views/ask questions during the AGM.
The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of
speakers depending on the availability of time at the AGM.
25. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS ATTENDING THE AGM
THROUGH VC/OAVM

ATTENDING THE AGM: Members will be provided
with a facility to attend the AGM through video
conferencing platform provided by KFintech. Members
are requested to login at http://emeetings.kfintech.com
with your remote E-voting credentials and click on the
Video Conference tab to join the Meeting.
mode will be available throughout the proceedings
of the AGM. The facility of participation at the AGM
through VC will be made available for 1,000 members
on a first-come-first-serve basis. This will not include
large shareholders (holding 2% or more shareholding),
promoters,
institutional
investors,
key
managerial personnel and auditors, among others, who
are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction
on account of a first-come-first-serve basis and can
contact the Company at investors@mahindra.com

In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only
such joint holders who is higher in the order of names
will be entitled to vote at the Meeting.

In case of any query and/or help, in respect of attending
AGM through VC/OAVM mode, Members may refer to the
"How IT Works" section of http://emeetings.kfintech.com
or contact at investors@mahindra.com or Ms. Surabhi
Gangatirkar, Manager - Corporate Registry, KFintech
at Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31-32, Financial
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad,
Rangareddy, Telangana - 500 032, India or at the
email ID evoting@kfintech.com or call KFintech s toll
free No.: 1800-309-4001 for any further clarifications.
26. PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING

In compliance with the provisions of section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)
Rules, 2014, as amended and the provisions of Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No.
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January 2026 (as amended), Members are provided with the facility to
cast their vote electronically through the E-voting services provided by KFintech on all resolutions set forth in this Notice, through
remote e-voting. Members are requested to note that the Company is providing facility for remote e-voting and the business may
be transacted through electronic voting system. IT is hereby clarified that IT is not mandatory for a Member to vote using the
remote e-voting facility. A Member may avail of the facility at his/her/its discretion, as per the instructions provided herein:

Information and instructions for Remote e-voting by Individual Shareholders holding shares of the Company in demat
mode:

Pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January, 2026 (as amended) on
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies , e-Voting process has been enabled to all the individual demat account holders,
by way of single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ DPs in order to increase the efficiency
of the voting process.

Individual demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the E-voting service
provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication but also ease and convenience of participating in e-Voting
process. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with their DPs to access e-Voting facility.

For ease of understanding, the Members may also refer the "Information at a glance" section of this Notice.

The procedure to login and access remote E-voting, as devised by the Depositories/ DP(s), is given below:

A)
Login method for remote E-voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
Type of shareholders
Login Method
Individual Shareholders
demat mode with NSDL
1.
User already registered for IDeAS facility:

Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com

Click on the Beneficial Owner icon under Login under IDeAS section.

On the new page, enter User ID and Password.

Post successful authentication, click on Access to e-Voting

You will see Company Name: Mahindra & Mahindra Limited on the next screen. Click on the E-voting
2.
User not registered for IDeAS e-Services

To register click on link: https://eservices.nsdl.com

Select Register Online for IDeAS or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp

Proceed with completing the required fields.

Follow steps given in point 1.

B)
Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other
than Individual shareholders holding securities
in demat mode and for all shareholders holding
securities in physical mode.

Member will receive an e-mail from KFintech
[for Members whose e-mail IDs are registered
Company/Depository
Participant(s)]
which includes details of e-Voting Event Number
( EVEN ), USER ID and password

Launch internet browser by typing the
URL: https://evoting.Kfintech.com.

Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and
password). In case of physical folio, User
ID will be EVEN followed by folio number.
In case of Demat account, User ID will be
your DP ID and Client ID. However, if you
are already registered with KFintech for
e-voting, you can login by using your existing
User ID and password for casting your vote.

(iii) After entering these details appropriately,
click on LOGIN .

(iv) You will now reach password change Menu
wherein you are required to mandatorily
change your password. The new password
shall comprise of minimum 8 characters
with at least one upper case (A-Z), one lower
case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a
special character (@, #, $, etc.). The system
will prompt you to change your password
and update your contact details like mobile
number, email ID etc. on first login. You may
also enter a secret question and answer of
your choice to retrieve your password in case
you forget IT. IT is strongly recommended
that you do not share your password with
any other person and that you take utmost
care to keep your password confidential.

You need to login again with the new
credentials.

(vi) On successful login, the system will prompt
you to select the EVENT i.e. Mahindra &
Mahindra Limited.

(vii) On the voting page, enter the number
of shares (which represents the number
of votes) as on the cut-off date under
FOR/AGAINST or alternatively, you may
partially enter any number in FOR and
partially AGAINST but the total number
in FOR/AGAINST taken together shall not
exceed your total shareholding as on the
cut-off date. You may also choose the option
ABSTAIN. If the Member does not indicate
either FOR or AGAINST IT will be treated
as ABSTAIN and the shares held will not be
counted under either head.

(viii) Voting has to be done for each item of the
notice separately. In case you do not desire
to cast your vote on any specific item, IT will
be treated as abstained.

(ix) Members
holding
multiple
folios/demat
accounts shall vote separately for each
folio/demat account.

(x)
You may then cast your vote by selecting an
appropriate option and click on Submit .

(xi) A confirmation box will be displayed. Click
OK to confirm else CANCEL to modify.
Once you have voted on the resolution(s),
you will not be allowed to modify your
vote. During the voting period, you can login
multiple times till you have confirmed that
you have voted on the resolution(s).

(xii) Corporate/ Institutional Members (i.e. other
than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required
to send scanned certified true copy (PDF
Format) of the Board Resolution/ Authority
Letter etc., duly authorising their authorised
representative(s) to attend the AGM through
VC/OAVM on its behalf and to vote through
remote e-voting to the Scrutiniser at his e-mail
ID dilipbcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to
evoting@kfintech.com and to the Company
at investors@mahindra.com. IT should reach
the Scrutiniser & the Company by email
not later than Wednesday, 29th July 2026
(5:00 p.m. IST). In case if the authorised
representative attends the Meeting, the above-
mentioned documents shall be submitted
before the commencement of AGM.

b.
In case e-mail ID of a Member is not registered
with the Company/ DPs then such Member
is requested to register/update their e-mail
addresses with the DP (in case of Shares held in
dematerialised form) and inform KFintech at the
email ID evoting@kfintech.com (in case of Shares
held in physical form) by submitting ISR forms.
Please follow all steps from Note No. 26 above
to cast your vote by electronic means.
27. OTHER INSTRUCTIONS

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect
of voting by electronic means, Members may refer
to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
and E-voting user manual available at the download
section of http://evoting.kfintech.com or contact at
investors@mahindra.com, or Ms. Surabhi Gangatirkar,
Manager-Corporate Registry, KFintech at Selenium
Building, Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad,
Rangareddy, Telangana - 500 032, India or at the
email ID evoting@kfintech.com or call KFintech s toll
free No.: 1800-309-4001 for any further clarifications.
Type of shareholders
Login Method
3.
Alternatively, by directly accessing the E-voting website of NSDL

Open URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/

Click on the icon Login which is available under Shareholder/Member/Creditor' section.

On the login page, enter User ID (that is, 16-character demat account number held with NSDL, starting
with IN), Login Type, that is, through typing Password (in case you are registered on NSDL s E-voting
platform)/ through generation of OTP (in case your mobile/e-mail address is registered in your demat
account) and Verification Code as shown on the screen.

On successful authentication, you will enter the E-voting module of NSDL. Click on Active E-voting
Cycles / VC or OAVMs option under E-voting. You will see Company Name: Mahindra & Mahindra
Limited on the next screen. Click on the e-Voting link available against Mahindra & Mahindra Limited
or select E-voting service provider KFintech and you will be re-directed to the e-Voting page of
KFintech to cast your vote without any further authentication.
Individual Shareholders
demat mode with CDSL
1.
Existing user already opted for Easi/Easiest

Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or URL: www.cdslindia.com and click on
New System MyEasi / Login to My Easi option under Quick Login

Enter your User ID and Password for accessing Easi/Easiest.

You will see Company Name: Mahindra & Mahindra Limited on the next screen. Click on the e-Voting
2.
User not registered for Easi/Easiest

Option to register is available at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login

Proceed with completing the required fields.

Follow the steps given in point 1.
3.
Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of CDSL

Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com

Click on e-voting tab and provide your Demat Account Number and PAN.

System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the demat
Account.

On successful authentication, you will enter the e-voting module of CDSL. Click on the e-Voting
Individual Shareholders
demat mode-Login
through demat accounts/
Website of Depository
Participant
Individual shareholders holding shares of the Company in Demat mode can access e-Voting facility provided
by the Company using login credentials of their demat accounts (online accounts) through their demat
accounts / websites of Depository Participants registered with NSDL/CDSL.
An option for e-Voting will be available once you have successfully logged-in through your respective
logins. Click on the option e-Voting and you will be redirected to e-Voting modules of NSDL/CDSL (as may
be applicable).
Click on the e-Voting link available against Mahindra & Mahindra Limited or select e-Voting service provider
KFintech and you will be re-directed to the e-Voting page of KFintech to cast your vote without any
further authentication.

Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password
are advised to use "Forgot user ID" and "Forgot Password"
option available at respective websites.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities
in demat mode for any technical issues related to login
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL:
Login type
Helpdesk details
Securities held
with NSDL
Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll
free no.: 1800 102 0990 and 1800 22 4430
Securities held
with CDSL
Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or
contact at 022-23058738 or 022-23058542/43

You can also update your mobile number and e-mail
ID in the user profile details of the folio which may be
used for sending future communication(s).

The remote e-voting period commences on Saturday,
25th July 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Wednesday,
29th July 2026 (5:00 p.m. IST). During this period,
Members of the Company, holding shares either in
physical form or in dematerialised form, as on the
cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 23rd July 2026 may cast their
votes electronically. The remote e-voting module shall
be disabled for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a
resolution(s) is cast by the Member, the Member shall
not be allowed to change IT subsequently. A person
who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should
treat this Notice for information purposes only.

The voting rights of Members/beneficial owner (in case
of electronic shareholding) shall be in proportion to his/
her/ its shareholding in the paid-up equity share capital
of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 23rd
July 2026 ( Cut-off Date ). Members are eligible to cast
vote only if they are holding shares as on that date.

Persons holding securities in physical mode and
non-individual shareholders holding securities in demat
mode who become Members of the Company after
dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-off
date for e-Voting, i.e. Thursday, 23rd July 2026 may
obtain the User ID and Password in the manner as
mentioned below:

If e-mail address or mobile number of the Member
is registered against Folio No./ DP ID Client ID, then
on the home page of http://evoting.kfintech.com,
the member may click Reset Password and
enter Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to
generate a password.

Member may call on KFintech s toll free number
1800-309-4001.

Member
send
e-mail
request
evoting@kfintech.com. KFintech shall send User
ID and Password to those new Members whose
e-mail IDs are available.
28. VOTING AT THE AGM

Members are provided with the facility to vote during
the AGM and the said facility shall be operational till all
the resolutions proposed in this Notice are considered
and voted upon at the Meeting.

The e-voting window shall be activated upon instructions
of the Chairman of the Meeting during the AGM.

E-voting during the AGM is integrated with the VC/
OAVM platform and no separate login is required for
the same. The facility to vote at the Meeting will be
made available on the Meeting page (after you log into
the Meeting). Upon activation of the e-voting window
at the Meeting, an icon Vote will be available on the
Meeting screen for the Members to cast their votes.

Only those Members/ Shareholders, who will be present
in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-voting
and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be
eligible to vote through e-voting system in the AGM.

Members who have already cast their votes by remote
e-voting are eligible to attend the Meeting through VC/
OAVM; however, these Members are not entitled to cast
their vote again during the Meeting. A Member can opt for
only single mode of voting i.e. through Remote e-voting
or voting through VC/ OAVM mode during the AGM.
29. E-Voting Results

The Scrutinizer will, after the conclusion of e-voting at
the meeting, scrutinise the votes cast during the meeting
and votes casts through remote e-voting facility, make
a consolidated Scrutinizer s Report and submit the
same to the Chairman of the Company or any other
person of the Company authorised by the Chairman.
The results of e-voting shall be declared within two
working days from conclusion of the Meeting which is
within the timeframe prescribed under the applicable
laws. The results of e-voting declared along with the
Scrutiniser s Report will be placed on the website of the
Company at https://www.mahindra.com and the website
of KFintech: http://evoting.kfintech.com immediately
after the results are declared and will simultaneously be
forwarded to BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange
of India Limited, where Equity Shares of the Company
are listed and shall be displayed at the Registered Office
as well as at the Corporate Office of the Company.

Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the
Resolutions proposed in this Notice shall be deemed
to have been passed on the date of the Meeting
i.e. Thursday, 30th July 2026.
30. PROCEDURE FOR REGISTERING THE EMAIL ADDRESSES
AND OBTAINING THE AGM NOTICE AND E-VOTING
INSTRUCTIONS BY THE MEMBERS WHOSE EMAIL
ADDRESSES
ARE
NOT
REGISTERED
WITH
THE
DEPOSITORIES (IN CASE OF MEMBERS HOLDING
SHARES IN DEMAT FORM) OR WITH KFINTECH (IN CASE
OF MEMBERS HOLDING SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM)

Those Members who have not yet registered their email
addresses are requested to get their email addresses
registered by following the procedure given below:

Members holding shares in demat form can get
their email ID registered by contacting their
respective Depository Participant.

Members holding shares in physical form may
register their email address and mobile number
with KFintech by sending Form ISR-1 along with
self-attested PAN & Address Proof and Form
ISR-2 along with cancelled cheque to KFintech
at Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,
Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana India - 500 032
or at the email ID einward.ris@kfintech.com for
receiving the AGM Notice and the e-voting
instructions.

Those Members who have already registered their email
addresses are requested to keep their email addresses
validated/updated with their DPs / KFintech to enable
serving of notices /documents /Annual Reports and
other communications electronically to their email
address in future.
31. Webcast

Your Company will be providing the facility of live webcast of
proceedings of AGM. Members who are entitled to participate
in the AGM can view the proceedings of AGM by logging on
the website of KFintech at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/
using their secure login credentials. Members are encouraged
to use this facility of webcast. During the live webcast of
AGM, Members may post their queries in the message box
provided on the screen.
32. Procedure for registration and updation of email ID and
mobile number for securities held in physical mode:

Members of the Company holding shares in physical mode
are hereby notified that SEBI has mandated that all the
folios must be KYC compliant and accordingly, shareholders
are requested to furnish their PAN, contact details, bank
account details and nomination to the Registrar to an Issue
and Share Transfer Agents (RTAs). The shareholders are
also required to register the postal address with PIN and
are encouraged to register their e-mail ID.

Further, members holding shares in physical mode can register/
update their contact details by submitting the requisite Form
ISR-1 along with Self Attested PAN and Address Proof and
Form ISR-2 along with Cancelled Cheque. The aforesaid form
can be downloaded from the website of the Company and
RTA at https://www.mahindra.com/investorrelations/reports/
and https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx
respectively.

ISR Form(s) and the supporting documents can be provided
by any one of the following modes:

Through In Person Verification (IPV) - the authorized
person of the RTA shall verify the original documents
furnished by the investor and retain copy(ies) with IPV
stamping with date and initials; or

Through hard copies which are self-attested, which can
be shared on the address below; or
Name
KFIN Technologies
Mahindra & Mahindra
Address Selenium Building,
Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32,
Financial District,
Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally,
Hyderabad,
Rangareddy,
Telangana India - 500 032.
Shares Department,
Mahindra Towers, 2nd Floor,
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,
Worli, Mumbai - 400 018.

Through electronic mode with e-sign by following the link:
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx

Detailed FAQ can be found on the link : https://ris.kfintech.
com/faq.html

For more information on updating the email and mobile
detail for securities held in electronic mode, please reach
out to the respective DP(s), where the demat account is
being held.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary
FCS 4164
Registered Office
CIN
L65990MH1945PLC004558
e-mail
: investors@mahindra.com
Website
: https://www.mahindra.com
Tel.
: +91 22 6919 1400
Mumbai, 5th May 2026

Additional Information with respect to Item Nos. 4 & 5 and Explanatory Statement in respect of the Special Business in Item
Nos. 6 to 9 pursuant to section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013.
ITEM NO. 4 & 5
Proposals
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo (DIN: 10482731) and Mr. Ranjan Pant (DIN: 00005410), Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors of the Company,
are liable to retire by rotation and being eligible, have offered themselves for re-appointment. The Members of the Company at the
Seventy Eighth Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 31st July 2024 ( 78th AGM ), approved the appointment of Mr. Sat
Pal Bhanoo (Nominee of Life Insurance Corporation of India) and Mr. Ranjan Pant as Non-Executive and Non-Independent Directors
of the Company, liable to retire by rotation, with effect from 17th May 2024.
Brief resume of Mr. Bhanoo and Mr. Pant, age, qualifications, nature of their expertise in specific functional areas, disclosure
of relationships between directors inter-se, names of listed entities and other companies in which they hold directorships and
memberships/ chairmanships of Board Committees, shareholding in the Company, the number of Meetings of the Board attended
during the year, along with disclosure pertaining to their resignation from listed entities in the past three years etc., as stipulated
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR
Regulations") and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("Secretarial
Standard - 2") are stated herein, and are also provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of the Integrated Annual
Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26.
The details as required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI LODR Regulations and Clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard - 2
are given below:
No
Particulars
1.
Name
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Mr. Ranjan Pant
2.
Director Identification
Number (DIN)
10482731
00005410
3.
Date of Birth / Age
10th December 1965, 60 years
29th June 1959, 66 years
4.
Qualifications
Bachelor s degree in history (Honors) from Himachal
Pradesh University, Shimla.
Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Honors) from BITS,
Pilani and MBA in Finance from the Wharton School,
University of Pennsylvania.
5.
Category / Designation
Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
(Nominee of Life Insurance Corporation of India)
Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
6.
Date of first
Appointment
17th May 2024
17th May 2024
7.
Name of listed entities
from which the person
has resigned in the past
three years
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo s tenure as a Managing Director
of Life Insurance Corporation of India ended on
31st December 2025, pursuant to him reaching the age
of superannuation. He has not resigned as a director
from any listed entity in the past three years.
Mr. Ranjan Pant has not resigned as a director from any
listed entity in the past three years.
8.
Directorship in other
Companies as on
5th May 2026
Sr. No
Position Held
1.
Life Insurance
Corporation (LIC) of
Bangladesh Limited
Chairman (Nominee
Director)
2.
LIC (Singapore) Pte
Chairman and
Director
3.
IDBI Bank Limited
Non-Executive
Nominee Director
Sr. No
Position Held
1.
Schneider Electric
President Systems Limited
Chairman and
Independent
Director
2.
Chairman,
Non-Executive
Non-Independent
Director
3.
Mahindra Auto Steel
4.
Mahindra Steel Service
Centre Limited
5.
Point RP Consulting Private
Limited (OPC)
Director
No
Particulars
9.
Chairmanship/
Membership of
Committees including
that of the Company
as on 5th May 2026
No
Committee
Position Held
1.
Mahindra &
Mahindra
Strategic
Investment
Committee
Member
No
Committee(s)
Position
Held
1.
Schneider
Electric
President
Systems
Audit and Risk
Management
Committee
Chairman
Stakeholder s
Relationship
Committee
Chairman
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
2.
Mahindra
Accelo Limited
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
3.
Mahindra
Steel Service
Centre Limited
Audit Committee
Chairman
Corporate Social
Responsibility
Chairman
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
Member
4.
Mahindra
& Mahindra
Audit Committee
(w.e.f 6th May 2026)
Member
Strategic
Investment
Committee
Member
Risk Management
Committee
Member
10.
Number of Equity
Shares held in the
Company & Number
of Equity Shares held
in the Company for
any other person on a
beneficial basis
NIL
NIL
11.
Relationship between
Directors inter-se; with
other Directors and Key
Managerial Personnel
Mr. Bhanoo and Mr. Pant are neither inter se related to each other nor related to any other Director/KMP of the
12.
Remuneration last
drawn (in FY 2025-26),
if applicable
Mr. Bhanoo ceased to be the Managing Director of Life
Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), after his retirement
from the service of LIC with effect from 31st December
2025. However, he continues to be a Nominee Director
representing LIC on the Board of the Company.
Sitting fees paid to LIC was Rs. 5.60 lakh upto
31st December 2025 and thereafter to Mr. Bhanoo was
Rs. 3.20 lakh.
Commission payable to LIC for Mr. Bhanoo for the
Financial Year 2025-26 is Rs. 92.40 lakh and the
commission paid for the Financial Year 2024-25 was
Rs. 73.41 lakh.
Sitting fees paid to Mr. Pant during the Financial Year
2025-26 was Rs. 13.20 lakh.
Commission payable to Mr. Pant for the Financial Year
2025-26 is Rs. 92.40 lakh and the commission paid for
the Financial Year 2024-25 was Rs. 73.41 lakh.
13.
Remuneration proposed
to be paid
Mr. Bhanoo and Mr. Pant would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of Directors
and Committees thereof. In addition, they would be entitled to commission as determined each year by the Board
of Directors within the limits approved by the Members of the Company for the Non-Executive Directors of the
14.
Attendance at Board
Meetings during the
year 2025-26
9 Board Meetings of the Company were held during the
year, and Mr. Bhanoo attended 7 out of 9 Meetings.
9 Board Meetings of the Company were held during the
year, and Mr. Pant attended all the Meetings.

No
Particulars
15.
Brief
Profile
experience
Mr. Bhanoo served as the Managing Director of Life
Insurance Corporation of India ( LIC ) from 20th July
2023 to 31st December 2025.
Mr. Bhanoo joined LIC as a Special Batch Direct Recruit
Officer in October 1988. He holds a bachelor s degree
in history (Honors) from Himachal Pradesh University,
Shimla.
Mr. Bhanoo has a varied and rich marketing experience.
He served LIC in various roles as Zonal Manager (Central
Zone), Additional Director, Zonal Training Centre
(Bhopal), Regional Manager (P&IR), North Zone (Delhi).
He was In-charge of Bangalore - I and Shimla Divisions
steering LIC through a challenging climate and leading
to consistent growth of business under dynamic market
conditions. During his tenure, he fostered a culture
of human resource development and empowerment,
resulting in a highly motivated and skilled workforce,
committed to LIC s mission and values.
As Chief (Marketing-SBA), he looked after the Marketing
portfolio of Senior Business Associates & Life Insurance
Corporation Associates as well, with a focus on
revolutionizing marketing activities and empowering
them.
Mr. Pant is a CEO Advisor and consultant specializing
in global strategy and change management. With a
tenure spanning over three decades, he has leveraged
his expertise across diverse industries and international
conglomerates.
Mr. Pant has completed his Bachelor of Mechanical
Engineering (Honors) from BITS, Pilani and MBA in
Finance from The Wharton School, University of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. Pant has spearheaded the energy and utilities
practice and provided Strategic Advisory Services
at Bain & Co., Management Consultants. He held the
position of Director of internal consulting, focusing on
Operational Excellence and Mergers & Acquisitions in
General Electric Company.
Mr. Pant's key areas of expertise includes strategic
planning and capital allocation; operational oversight
including post merger integration and manufacturing
productivity; corporate governance with experience
corporate
venture
capital
conglomerate
center roles; human capital governance including
senior leadership transitions and CEO compensation;
and technology strategy with exposure to platform
business models and artificial intelligence initiatives.
Mr. Pant serves on the Board of Governors of IIM
Indore, where he is also the Chairman of the Personnel
Committee, a member of the Governing Body of
Mahindra University, Hyderabad, and is associated with
the K. C. Mahindra Education Trust as a Jury Panel
Member for postgraduate scholarships.
16.
Nature of expertise
in specific functional
areas
Mr. Bhanoo and Mr. Pant possess the following skills as approved by the Board:
Skills
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo
Mr. Ranjan Pant
Business Experience

Global business / broad international exposure /
emerging markets experience
-

Financial Experience and Risk Oversight
-

Technology and Innovation
-

Governance and Regulatory oversight
-

Sales and Marketing Exposure

17.
Terms and conditions
of appointment/
re-appointment
Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo and Mr. Ranjan Pant are being re-appointed in terms of section 152(6) of the Companies Act,
2013 as Directors liable to retire by rotation
Other information
Mr. Bhanoo and Mr. Pant are not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any order issued by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India ( SEBI ) or any other authority.
Save and except Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo and Mr. Ranjan Pant themselves and their relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel ( KMP ) of the Company and their relatives are, in any way,
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolutions set out in Item Nos. 4 & 5 of this Notice.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolutions set out at Item Nos. 4 & 5 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
ITEM NO. 6
The Board of Directors, at its Meeting held on 5th May 2026, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved the appointment
of M/s. D. C. Dave & Co., Cost Accountants having Firm Registration Number 000611, as Cost Auditors of the Company for conducting the
audit of the Cost Records of the Company, for the Financial Year ending 31st March 2027, at a remuneration of Rs. 10,75,000/- (Rupees
Ten lakh Seventy Five Thousand only) (plus Goods and Services Tax and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses).
Pursuant to section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, Members of the
Company are required to ratify the remuneration to be paid to the Cost Auditors of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought to pass an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice for ratification
of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for conducting the audit of the Cost Records of the Company for the Financial
Year ending 31st March 2027.
None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested,
financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
ITEM NO. 7
Proposal
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN: 00004695) is the Chairman of the
Company (Non-Executive - Non Independent Director), liable to
retire by rotation.
Mahindra
was
first
appointed
Board
23rd November 1989 as a Director of the Company and
transitioned to the role of Chairman of the Company with effect
from 12th November 2021. This transition was in line with the
erstwhile requirement of Regulation 17(1B) of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ).
At the Seventy Fifth Annual General Meeting of the Company held
on 6th August 2021 ( 75th AGM ), based on the recommendation
of the Board of Directors and the Governance, Nomination
and Remuneration Committee ( GNRC ), the Members had,
inter alia, approved payment of Total Remuneration to
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra as Chairman of the Company for a period
of 5 years with effect from 12th November 2021 up to 11th
November 2026, as under:
Total Remuneration of Rs. 5,00,00,000 per annum split as
under:

Remuneration of Rs. 2,50,00,000 per annum by way

Commission of Rs. 2,50,00,000 per annum.
Thereafter, the Members of the Company at the Seventy Eighth
Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 31st July 2024
( 78th AGM ), based on the recommendation of the Board of
Directors and GNRC, had, inter alia, approved revision in Total
Remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra as Chairman of the
Company for a period from 1st April 2024 up to 11th November
2026, being the remainder period for which his remuneration was
earlier approved by Members at the 75th AGM, as follows:
Total Remuneration of Rs. 5,50,00,000 per annum split as
under:

Remuneration of Rs. 2,75,00,000 per annum by way

(b) Commission of Rs. 2,75,00,000 per annum.
In his capacity as a mentor and advisor, Mr. Mahindra supports
the Managing Director and Senior Management with a strong
emphasis on strategic planning, risk management and external
relations. Recognizing these contributions, the Members of the
Company at the Seventy Ninth Annual General Meeting held
on 31st July 2025 ( 79th AGM ), based on the recommendation
of the Board of Directors and GNRC, had, inter alia, approved
revision in Total Remuneration of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra as
Chairman of the Company for a period from 1st April 2025 up to
11th November 2026, being the remainder period for which his
remuneration was earlier approved by Members at the 75th AGM
and 78th AGM respectively, as follows:
Total Remuneration of Rs. 6,05,00,000 per annum split as under:

Remuneration of Rs. 3,02,50,000 per annum by way

(b) Commission of Rs. 3,02,50,000 per annum.
Mr. Mahindra has been instrumental in defining and enhancing
the Mahindra brand. His unwavering commitment to providing
feedback and guidance on critical matters, along with his vast
experience, significantly bolsters the Company's leadership. As
the Group embarks on ambitious strategic growth plans, his
role becomes even more vital, requiring his active participation
in key decision-making processes. Addressing these intricate
challenges will demand both his expertise and an increased
investment of time.
As a Chairman, Mr. Mahindra will continue to serve as mentor and
sounding board for the Managing Director and Senior Management
especially in the areas of strategic planning, risk mitigation and
external interface. He will continue to play an important role
in epitomising and building Brand Mahindra. He will be available
to provide feedback and counsel to the Managing Director and
Senior Management on key issues facing the Company.
Recognizing these contributions, the Board of Directors of the
Company at its meeting held on 5th May 2026, pursuant to
recommendation of the GNRC and subject to the approval of the
Members of the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting
of the Company, approved revision in Total Remuneration of
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, as Chairman of the Company with effect
from 1st April 2026 till 31st July 2027, as follows:
1)
Total Remuneration of Rs. 6,65,50,000 per annum split
as under:

Remuneration of Rs. 3,32,75,000 per annum by way

Commission of Rs. 3,32,75,000 per annum.
2)
Sitting fees

In addition to the above, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra shall
be entitled to payment of sitting fees for attending the
meetings of the Board of Directors or any Committee
thereof, as approved by the Board of Directors for
Non-Executive Directors of the Company.
3)
Reimbursements and Benefits

entitled to:

Reimbursement of expenses actually and properly
incurred in the course of business including travel,
stay and entertainment, telephone and mobile,
connectivity charges as per the Company s policy and

Such other benefits and facilities in accordance with
the Company s policy not exceeding 100% of the Total
Remuneration per annum mentioned at point 1 above.
The Company would also provide Mr. Anand G. Mahindra with a
full-fledged office including staff, appropriate security etc., the
expense of which will be borne by the Company.
In addition to the above and as approved by the Shareholders
of the Company at the Seventy First Annual General Meeting
of the Company held on 4th August 2017, Mr. Mahindra would
be entitled to the Benefits under the Special Post Retirement
Benefit Scheme.
The above remuneration will be paid to Mr. Mahindra
even if IT exceeds one percent of the net profits of the
Company in accordance with sections 197 and 198 of the
Companies Act, 2013, including any statutory modification(s)
or re-enactment(s) thereof and notwithstanding the limits
approved by the Members of the Company for payment of
remuneration to other Non-Executive Directors of the Company
from time to time.
Where the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate,
during the aforesaid period, the Company may pay the above
remuneration to Mr. Mahindra, Chairman of the Company as the
minimum remuneration for the aforesaid period as statutorily
permitted subject to receipt of the requisite approvals, if any.

Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(6)(ca) of SEBI
LODR Regulations, approval of the Members of the Company
by way of a Special Resolution is required to be obtained
every year for payment of Annual Remuneration to a single
Non-Executive Director exceeding fifty percent of the total
annual remuneration payable to all Non-Executive Directors,
giving details of remuneration thereof.
As the remuneration payable to Mr. Mahindra for the Financial
Year 2026-27 is likely to exceed fifty percent of the total
annual remuneration payable to all Non-Executive Directors of
the Company, consent of the Members is sought for passing a
Special Resolution as set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice.
Brief resume of Mr. Mahindra, age, qualification, nature of his
expertise in specific functional areas, disclosure of relationships
between directors inter-se, name of listed entities and other
companies in which he holds directorships and memberships of
Board Committees, shareholding in the Company, the number
of Meetings of the Board attended during the year, along with
disclosure pertaining to his resignation from listed entities in
the past three year etc., as stipulated under the SEBI LODR
Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India are
stated herein, and are also provided in the Corporate Governance
Report forming part of the Integrated Annual Report.
Profile
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra has completed 71 years of age.
Mr. Mahindra was first appointed as a Director on the Board of
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited on 23rd November 1989. He then
took over as Deputy Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra
Limited in 1991 at a time when the turnover was Rs. 1,038 crore.
He initiated a comprehensive change programme to make the
Company an efficient and aggressive competitor in the new
liberalised economic environment in India.
In April 1997, he was appointed as Managing Director of
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and in January 2001 given the
additional responsibility of Vice Chairman. In August 2012,
he was appointed as Chairman and designated as Chairman
& Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. In
November 2016, Mr. Mahindra was re-designated as Executive
Chairman of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.
Mr. Mahindra s tenure has seen the Group expand domestically
and internationally into a range of major industrial sectors from
automobiles and agriculture to IT and aerospace. The Group has
also grown inorganically through acquisitions such as Swaraj
Tractors, Reva Electric Car Company, Satyam Computer Services,
Holiday Club Resorts, and Pininfarina S.p.A.
Mr. Mahindra has served on several influential international
bodies including the UN Global Compact Board, Global Board of
Advisors of the Council on Foreign Relations, World Bank Group s
Advisory Board for Doing Business, the International Advisory
Council of Singapore s Economic Development Board, and the
Sustainable Markets Initiative. He has been the President of The
Confederation of Indian Industry and served on the boards of
the National Stock Exchange of India and the National Council
of Applied Economic Research. He is currently on the Central
Board of the Reserve Bank of India.
Mr. Mahindra has been conferred with the Padma Bhushan
Award (2020), India s third-highest civilian honour, for his
contribution to the nation in the field of Trade and Industry .
He has been named in Barron s List of Top 30 CEOs worldwide
(2016) and Fortune Magazine s list of the World s 50 Greatest
Leaders (2014). He was a recipient of the Best Transformational
Leader Award by the Asian Centre for Corporate Governance &
Sustainability (2012). He was appointed Knight in the National
Order of the Legion of Honour by the President of the French
Republic (2016) and conferred the Grand Officer of the Order
of the Star of Italy by the President of Italy (2013).
Mr. Mahindra is an incisive business commentator and humanitarian
with over 11 million followers on X (formerly Twitter). Among
his many social change initiatives is the Nanhi Kali programme,
which, for the last three decades, has supported the education
of nearly a million underprivileged girls with access to high-
quality education. Mr. Mahindra is the Chairman on the Board
of Naandi Foundation, India s leading NGO focused on educating
girls, skilling youth and providing sustainable livelihoods to small
farmers through biodynamic agriculture. Mr. Mahindra also serves
on the Founders Board of The Rise Fund, a $2 billion impact fund.
Mr. Mahindra is a strong votary of arts and culture. Mahindra
Blues, Mahindra Excellence in Theatre Awards, Mahindra
Kabira, Mahindra Independence Rock, and Mahindra Sanatkada
celebrate and nurture music, theatre culture, art and history
in India. He is the member of the Global Advisory Council of
the Lincoln Center, New York and has previously served on the
Board of Trustees of the Natural History Museum of London.
Mr. Mahindra graduated Magna Cum Laude from Harvard
College (1977) and secured an MBA from the Harvard Business
School (1981). He made a generous endowment in 2010 to the
Harvard Humanities Center which is now known as the Mahindra
Humanities Centre at Harvard. In 2008, he was bestowed the
Harvard Business School s Alumni Achievement Award and in
2014 he became the first Indian recipient of the Harvard Alumni
Association s Harvard Medal.
Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
( the Act ) read with Schedule V of the Act and SEBI LODR
Regulations, the payment of remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
is being placed before the Members at the Annual General Meeting
for their approval by way of Special Resolution.
Information as required under Schedule V to the Companies
Act, 2013
The following additional information as required by Schedule V
to the Act is given below:
General Information

Nature of Industry

The Company is, inter alia, in the business of manufacture
of different range of automotive vehicles, agricultural
tractors, implements, industrial engines, etc.

Date or expected date of commencement of
commercial production:

The Company was incorporated on 2nd October 1945
and started assembly of jeep type vehicles in the
year 1949.

(iii) In case of new companies, expected date of
commencement of activities as per project
approved by financial institutions appearing in the
prospectus: Not applicable

(iv) Financial performance based on given indicators -
as per audited financial results for the year ended
31st March 2026
Particulars
Rs. in crore
Gross Turnover & Income
1,50,540.29
Net Profit as per Statement of Profit &
Loss (After Tax)
15,638.93
Computation of Net Profit in accordance with
section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013
20,773.24
Net Worth
73,994.76

Foreign investments or collaborators, if any: Not
Applicable
Information about the appointee:

Background details: Refer profile section as stated

Past remuneration during the financial year ended
31st March 2026: Rs. 618 lakh (including sitting fees of
Rs. 12.90 lakh)

(iii) Recognition or awards: Refer profile section stated

(iv) Job Profile and his suitability:

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN: 00004695) transitioned
to the role of Non-Executive Chairman of the
Company with effect from 12th November 2021.

Mr. Mahindra was first inducted on the Board of the
Company on 23rd November 1989. He took over as
Managing Director of the Company in April 1997. In
August 2012, he was appointed as Chairman and
designated as Chairman & Managing Director of
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. In November 2016, Mr.
Mahindra was re-designated as Executive Chairman of
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. Taking into consideration
his qualification and expertise, Mr. Mahindra is best
suited for the responsibility as the Chairman of the

As a Chairman, Mr. Mahindra will continue to serve as
mentor and sounding board for the Managing Director
and Senior Management especially in the areas
of strategic planning, risk mitigation and external
interface. He will continue to play an important role
in epitomising and building Brand Mahindra. He will
be available to provide feedback and counsel to the
Managing Director and Senior Management on key
issues facing the Company.

Remuneration proposed

The remuneration proposed to be paid to Mr. Anand G.
Mahindra as Chairman with effect from 1st April 2026
till 31st July 2027 as given below:

1)
Total Remuneration of Rs. 6,65,50,000 per
annum split as under:

Remuneration of Rs. 3,32,75,000 per annum
by way of monthly payment and

Commission of Rs. 3,32,75,000 per annum

2)
Sitting fees

In addition to the above, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
shall be entitled to payment of sitting fees for
attending the meetings of the Board of Directors
or any Committee thereof, as approved by the
Board of Directors for Non-Executive Directors

3)
Reimbursements and Benefits

In addition to the above, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
shall be entitled to:

Reimbursement of expenses actually and
properly incurred in the course of business
including travel, stay and entertainment,
telephone and mobile, connectivity charges
as per the Company s policy and

Such other benefits and facilities in
accordance with the Company s policy not
exceeding 100% of the Total Remuneration
per annum mentioned at point 1 above.

Mr. Mahindra, being the promoter, is not entitled
to any stock options of the Company.

(vi) Comparative remuneration profile with respect
to industry, size of the company, profile of the
position and person (in case of expatriates the
relevant details would be with respect to the
country of his origin):

Taking into consideration the size of the Company, the
profile of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, the responsibilities to
be shouldered by him and the industry benchmarks,
the remuneration proposed to be paid to the Chairman
is commensurate with the remuneration packages
paid to similar senior level counterpart(s) in other

(vii) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with
the Company, or relationship with the managerial
personnel or other director, if any:

Besides the remuneration proposed to be paid to
him, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra does not have directly
or indirectly any other pecuniary relationship with
the Company or relationship with the managerial
personnel or other directors.
Other Information

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits:

Not applicable, as the Company has reported a net
profit after tax of Rs. 15,638.93 crore during the year
ended 31st March 2026.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for
improvement : Not applicable

(iii) Expected increase in productivity and profits in
measurable terms:

Not applicable as the Company has adequate profits.
Disclosures

The information and Disclosures of the remuneration
package of all Directors have been mentioned in the
Integrated Annual Report in the Corporate Governance
Report section under the Heading Remuneration to
Directors .

The conditions set out in Part-I of Schedule V to the Act
as also conditions set out under sub-section 3 of section
196 of the Act are not applicable to a Non-Executive
Director.
Other information
The Board is of the view that Mr. Mahindra s knowledge and
experience will continue to be of immense benefit and value
to the Company and pursuant to the recommendation of the
GNRC, in partial modification of the Resolution No. 10 passed
by the Members at the Seventy Fifth Annual General Meeting
held on 6th August 2021 ( 75th AGM ) and the Resolution No. 6
passed by the Members at the Seventy Ninth Annual General
Meeting held on 31st July 2025 ( 79th AGM ) with respect to his
remuneration, recommends his remuneration as a Chairman of
the Company with effect from 1st April 2026 till 31st July 2027
to the Members.

The details as required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI LODR Regulations and Clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard - 2 are given
below:
Particulars
1.
Name
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
2.
Director Identification Number (DIN)
00004695
3.
Date of Birth / Age
1st May 1955, 71 years
4.
Qualifications
Graduated Magna Cum Laude from Harvard College (1977) and MBA from the
Harvard Business School (1981).
5.
Category / Designation
Chairman (Non-Executive - Non Independent Director)
6.
Date of first Appointment
23rd November 1989
7.
Name of listed entities from which the person
has resigned in the past three years
Mr. Mahindra has not resigned as a Director from any listed entity in the past
three years.
8.
Directorship in other Companies as on
5th May 2026
No
Position Held
1.
Chairman (Non-Executive Non-
Independent Director)
2.
Chairman
3.
Chairman
4.
The Mahindra United World College
of India
Chairman
5.
Gujarat Foundation for
Entrepreneurial Excellence
Chairman
6.
Director
7.
Prudential Management and
Services Private Limited
Non-Executive Non-Independent
Director
8.
Naandi Community Water Services
Director
9.
The Indian and Eastern Engineer
Company Private Limited
Director
10.
Breach Candy Hospital Trust
Director
11.
Tech Mahindra Foundation
Director
12.
Mahindra Knowledge Foundation
Director
13.
Central Board of Reserve Bank
of India.
Part-time Non-official Director
9.
Chairmanship/ Membership of Committees
including that of the Company as on
5th May 2026
No
Committee(s)
Position Held
1.
Mahindra & Mahindra
Strategic Investment
Committee
Chairman
Sale of Assets Committee
Chairman
Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
Member
Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
Member
10.
Number of Equity Shares held in the Company
& Number of Equity Shares held in the
Company for any other person on a beneficial
basis
Mr. Mahindra holds 14,30,008 Ordinary (Equity) Shares in the Company.
11.
Relationship between Directors inter-se; with
other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
Mr. Mahindra is not inter se related to any other Director/KMP of the Company.
12.
Remuneration last drawn (in FY 2025-26), if
applicable
Rs. 618 lakh (including sitting fees of Rs. 12.90 lakh) as Non-Executive Chairman
Particulars
13.
Attendance at Board Meetings during the
year 2025-26
9 Board Meetings of the Company were held during the year, and Mr. Mahindra
had attended all the Meetings.
14.
Brief Profile and experience
Please refer the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 7 of this
Notice of AGM
15.
Remuneration proposed to be paid
16.
Nature of expertise in specific functional areas Mr. Mahindra possess the following skills as approved by the Board:
Skills
Mr. Anand G. Mahindra
Business Experience

Global business / broad international exposure /
emerging markets experience

Financial Experience and Risk Oversight

Technology and Innovation

Governance and Regulatory oversight

Sales and Marketing Exposure

17.
Terms
conditions
appointment/
re-appointment
Not Applicable
Save and except Mr. Mahindra himself and his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of
the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel ( KMP ) of the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested,
financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out in Item No. 7 of this Notice.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
ITEM NO. 8 & 9
As per Regulation 23 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 ( SEBI LODR Regulations ), prior approval of the shareholders by means of a Resolution is required for Material Related Party
Transactions and subsequent Material Modifications as defined by the Audit Committee of the listed entity, in line with Company s
Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions. The approval is required even if the transactions are in the
ordinary course of business and at an arm s length basis.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ), vide its notification dated 18th November 2025 notified SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) (Fifth Amendment) Regulations, 2025 ( Amendments ) introducing amendments to the provisions
pertaining to Related Party Transactions under the SEBI LODR Regulations.
The aforesaid amendments inter-alia included turnover based thresholds for determining materiality of Related Party Transactions by
inclusion of Schedule XII to the SEBI LODR Regulations. As per the amended regulations, for a listed entity whose annual consolidated
turnover is more than Rs. 40,000 crore, a transaction with a related party shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered
into individually or taken together with previous transactions with such related party during a financial year exceeds Rs. 3,000 crore +
2.5% of the annual consolidated turnover of the listed entity above Rs. 40,000 crore or Rs. 5,000 crore, whichever is lower.
Under the SEBI LODR Regulations, in addition to the approval and reporting for transactions by the Company with its own Related
Party(ies), the scope extends to transactions by the Company with Related Party(ies) of any subsidiary(ies) of the Company or
transactions by a subsidiary(ies) of the Company with its own Related Party(ies) or Related Party(ies) of the Company or Related
Party(ies) of any subsidiary(ies) of the Company.
Given the nature of the Company s presence in multiple businesses, the Company works closely with its subsidiaries, joint ventures
and associates to achieve its business objectives and enters into various operational transactions with its related parties, from time
to time, in the ordinary course of business and on an arm s length basis.
Amongst the transactions that the Company enters into with its related parties, the estimated value of the contract(s)/
arrangement(s)/ agreement(s)/ transaction(s) of the Company with the Related Party mentioned below and also the Related Party
Transactions under Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI LODR Regulations pertaining to Subsidiaries of the Company, may exceed the
threshold of Material Related Party Transactions within the meaning of Regulation 23(1) read with Schedule XII of the SEBI LODR
Regulations as detailed above.
As per the amended SEBI LODR Regulations, omnibus approval granted by the shareholders for Material Related Party transactions
at an Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid till the date of the next Annual General Meeting held within the
timelines prescribed under section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 or rules, notifications, or circulars issued thereunder.
The Members may note that the Company, its subsidiaries and associates have been undertaking such transactions of similar nature
with related parties in the past Financial Year, in the ordinary course of business and on arm's length after obtaining requisite approvals,
including from the Audit Committee of the Company/ subsidiaries/ associates, as per the requirements of the applicable law.
The maximum annual value of the proposed transactions with the related parties is estimated based on the Company s current
transactions with them and future business projections.

Considering the quantum of transactions, approval of the Members is sought pursuant to Regulation 23 of the SEBI LODR Regulations
read with SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January 2026 ( SEBI Master Circular ).
The explanatory statement also includes the disclosures as required under the Industry Standards on Minimum information to be
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions ( Industry Standards ) formulated
by Industry Standard Forum in consultation with the SEBI, which is effective from 1st September 2025, for the following specific
Material Related Party Transactions as detailed below
1)
For Item No. 8
The Members of the Company at the Seventy Seventh Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 4th August 2023 ( 77th AGM ),
had approved Material Related Party Transactions of the Company with Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited ( MEAL ), with the
monetary limit not exceeding 9.5% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company or Rs. 9,500 crore whichever is higher, per
annum for each of the financial year from FY 2023-24 to FY 2027-28 i.e., five financial years.
Thereafter, the estimated value of the contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/agreement(s)/ transaction(s) of the Company with MEAL was
anticipated to exceed the aforesaid monetary limit and considering the Company s transactions with MEAL and based on the future
business projections, the approval of the Members was obtained for Material Modification in the earlier approved Material Related
Party Transactions of the Company with MEAL at the Seventy Eighth Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 31st July 2024
( 78th AGM ) with the revised monetary limit not exceeding Rs. 30,500 crore for a period commencing from the 78th AGM upto the
date of the Seventy Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Company ( 79th AGM ) and thereafter at the 79th AGM held on 31st July
2025 with the revised monetary limit not exceeding Rs. 30,920 crore for a period commencing from the 79th AGM upto the date of
Eightieth Annual General Meeting of the Company.
The estimated value of the contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ agreement(s)/ transaction(s) of the Company with MEAL is anticipated to
continue to exceed the aforesaid revised monetary limit as approved by the Members at the 79th AGM. Considering the same, the
Company is seeking approval for Material Related Party Transactions of the Company with MEAL at this AGM.
Details of Material Related Party Transactions between the Company and Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited
Particulars of the Information
Disclosures
Part A: Minimum information of the Proposed Related Party Transactions ( RPT )
A(1) Basic details of the Related Party
1.
Name of the Related Party
Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited India ( MEAL )
2.
Country of Incorporation of Related Party
India
3.
Nature of Business of the Related Party
MEAL is a part of the Mahindra Group focused on developing four-
wheeler passenger electric vehicles in India. IT was incorporated on
25th October 2022 and leads the Mahindra s Born Electric strategy
which involves designing and manufacturing next generation electric
vehicles. IT works on advanced EV technologies such as dedicated
electric platforms, battery systems and connected vehicle solutions.
A(2) Relationship and Ownership of the Related party
1.
Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary (in
case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and the
related party - including nature of its concern (financial
or otherwise) and the following:

Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in
case of transaction involving the subsidiary),
whether direct or indirect, in the related party.

Where the related party is a partnership firm or a
sole proprietorship concern or a body corporate
without share capital, then capital contribution, if
any, made by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case

Shareholding of the related party, whether direct
or indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case
MEAL, a public limited company, is a Subsidiary of the Company.
As on 31st March 2026, the Company directly held 99.99% of paid-up
share capital of MEAL.
Further, as on the date of this Notice i.e., 5th May 2026, the Company
directly held 92.45% of paid-up share capital of Meal. None of the
subsidiaries of the Company have any shareholding in MEAL.
Further, as on the date of this Notice i.e. 5th May 2026, MEAL does
not hold any equity shares of the Company.
A(3) Details of previous transactions with the Related Party
1.
Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by
the Listed entity or subsidiary with the related party
during the last two financial years.
a. Details of transaction undertaken between the Company and
MEAL
FY 2024-25
Amount
FY 2025-26
Amount
1.
Sale of goods
2,298.88
12,413.01
2.
Sale of property plant, equipment
& other intangible assets
7.25
-
3.
Rendering of services
749.20
835.53
4.
Purchase of goods
68.57
2.70
5.
Investments in securities (Equity)
2,255.00
1,496.00
6.
Purchase of property plant, equip
ment & other intangible assets
44.36
-
7.
Receipt of royalty
-
20.43
8.
Other Receipt/payment including
reimbursements etc
203.95
121.72
TOTAL
5,627.21
14,889.39
During Financial Year 2024-25 and Financial Year 2025-26, the
Company has received a brand/trademark license fee from MEAL for
usage of Mahindra brand/trade name at Rs. 1 lakh per annum.
b. Details of transaction undertaken by subsidiaries of the
company with MEAL
FY 2024-25
Amount
FY 2025-26
Amount
1.
Sale of goods
17.62
27.93
2.
Purchase of Goods
36.17
423.23
3.
Rendering of services
326.28
323.57
4.
Receipt of other income including
reimbursements etc
0.22
3.62
TOTAL
380.29
778.35
2.
Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the
current financial year upto the quarter immediately
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Not Applicable, since the details upto the immediately preceding
quarter and FY ended 31st March 2026 are already provided in point
no. 1 above.
3.
Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning
any obligation undertaken by IT under a transaction
or arrangement entered with the listed entity or its
subsidiary during the last financial year.
Nil
A(4) Amount of the proposed transactions
1.
The amount of proposed transaction being placed
for approval in the meeting of Audit Committee/
shareholders of the Company
Rs. 35,000 Crore
2.
Whether the proposed transactions taken together
with the transactions undertaken with the related
party during the current financial year would render
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes
3.
of the Listed Entity s annual consolidated turnover for
the immediately preceding financial year
Rs. 35,000 Crore constitutes 17.70% of the Company s Annual
Consolidated Turnover* for the financial year ended 31st March 2026
*Turnover includes Revenue from Operations

4.
of the Subsidiary s annual standalone turnover for
the immediately preceding financial year (in case of
transaction involving subsidiary and where the listed
entity is not a party to the transaction)
Not applicable
5.
of the related party s annual consolidated turnover (if
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for
the immediately preceding financial year, if available
Rs. 35,000 crore constitutes 242.66% of the Annual Standalone
Turnover* of MEAL for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026.
*Turnover includes Revenue from Operations
6.
Financial Performance of the Related Party for the
immediately preceding financial year
The Financial Performance of MEAL, on Standalone basis for the Financial
Year ended 31st March 2026 is stated below:
Particulars
Amount
(Rs. in Crore)
1.
Turnover
14,423.49
2.
Profit after Tax
386.94
3.
Net Worth
7134.69
A(5) Basic details of the proposed transactions
1.
Specific type of the proposed transaction
Specific Type of
the Proposed
Transactions
Details of the Proposed
Transaction
Amount
(Rs. in Crore)
1.
Sale of Goods
or any other
similar business
Transactions relating to sale/
purchase of any goods and material
including passenger/ commercial
vehicles, electric vehicles, electric
kits, assemblies, components,
castings, forgings, sheet metal,
engines, engine components, four-
wheelers, spares, accessories and
other related components/parts.
27,950
2.
Purchase of
Goods or any
other similar
3.
Purchase of
fixed assets
Transactions relating to purchase
of business assets including
property, plant and equipment,
intangible assets, transfer of
technology to meet
the business objectives.
4.
Availing of
Services or
any other
similar business
Transactions relating to
manufacturing services, product
development services, shared
services & other services
including sharing or usage of
each other s resources like
employees, infrastructure
including IT assets, cloud, IoT
and digital engineering, digital
transformation, analytics, cyber
security, intellectual property
rights, manpower management
and management support
services, owned/third party
services and reimbursements and
allied transactions.
1,840
5.
Rendering of
Servies or any
other similar
1,470
2.
Details of each type of the proposed transaction
3.
Value of the proposed transaction during a financial
Specific Type of
the Proposed
Transactions
Details of the Proposed
Transaction
Amount
(Rs. in Crore)
6.
Investment
made by the
listed entity or
its subsidiary
Transaction relates to making
of investments in securities
including equity, debt, convertible
or non-convertible instruments
and interest/commission or other
related income/expenses
3,500
7.
Transactions
relating to
payment of
royalty
Transactions relating to
technology licensing/ intellectual
property rights
TOTAL
35,000
The Company has received a brand/trademark license fee from MEAL
for usage of Mahindra brand/trade name at Rs. 1 lakh per annum and
shall continue to charge the same rate during the period for which
approval of material RPT is being sought at this AGM. M&M charges
the above rate uniformly to other Group companies of Mahindra Group.
The royalty payable for usage of technology licensing/Intellectual
property rights to MEAL during the period from Eightieth Annual General
Meeting of the Company upto the Eighty First Annual General Meeting
of the Company to be held in the year 2027 is expected to be around
Rs. 70 crore, which would be well below the permitted statutory ceiling
as prescribed under Regulation 23 (1A) of SEBI LODR Regulations i.e.
5% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company.
4.
Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in number
of years or months to be specified)
The shareholders approval will be valid for the period commencing
from the date of the Eightieth Annual General Meeting i.e., 30th July
2026 upto the date of the Eighty First Annual General Meeting of the
Company to be held in the year 2027.
5.
Whether omnibus approval is being sought?
Yes
6.
Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
Mahindra Electric Automobile Limited (MEAL), a subsidiary of the Company
is engaged in the business of four-wheel passenger electric vehicles.
Your Company has approved an investment of Rs. 15,925 crore in MEAL
to fund its EV journey, out of which, as at 31st March 2026, your Company
has already invested Rs. 6,950.49 crore in MEAL.
Pursuant to the aforesaid investments, the shareholding of the Company
in MEAL stands at 92.45%, whereas British International Investment Plc
("BII") and Jongsong Investments Pte Ltd ( Temasek ) hold 4.58% and
2.97% respectively in MEAL.
The funds infused by the Company, BII and Temasek will be utilized by
MEAL primarily to create and market a world-class Electric SUV portfolio
with advanced technologies.
The Company expects to generate sufficient operating cash to satisfy all
its capital investment needs and is not looking to raise additional capital.
In line with the Company s commitment to becoming planet-positive by
2040 and its strategic vision to lead the electric vehicle ( EV ) market, IT
is anticipated that 20% to 30% of its SUVs will be electric by 2027. This
ambitious target will be a key driver in propelling the Company towards a
leadership position in the EV SUV sector. The Company s efforts will play
a crucial role in the decarbonization of the automotive industry, both in
India and globally. With the strong backing of BII and Temasek, coupled
with the Company s unwavering ambition, IT is poised to build a globally
desirable brand that sets new standards in sustainability and innovation.
The Company will continue providing significant support to MEAL in
terms of broader manufacturing capabilities, product development,
design organizations and sourcing services along with the ecosystem of
suppliers, dealers, and financiers of the Company.

Besides the above, the Company benefits through operational synergies,
cost optimisation, efficient working capital, assurance of product/ service
quality, utilising the expertise within the Group for manufacturing,
sourcing, etc. thereby bringing efficiencies in the businesses, providing
enhanced level of user experience to the consumers of the Company to
enable achieve growth objectives, access to and utilisation of strong R&D
and design capabilities. This would drive growth in MEAL's business and
will enable IT to innovate, scale up and pursue growth opportunities in a
more focused manner.
These services will be provided at an arm s length from the Company
to MEAL which is the bulk of the related party transactions. As MEAL
grows, the volume of these transactions will grow, hence necessitating
a higher limit.
Considering all of the above and the ambitious plans of the Group in the
EV space, there would be a significant increase in the overall transactions
between the Company and MEAL.
7.
Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key managerial
personnel of the listed entity who have interest in the
transaction, whether directly or indirectly.
Name of the director/KMP
Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether
direct or indirect, in the related party
The Company is the Promoter and Holding Company of MEAL and
held 99.99% shares in MEAL as on 31st March 2026 and 92.45%
shares as on 5th May 2026.
Dr. Anish Shah, Group CEO & Managing Director of the Company, is
a Non-Executive Director of MEAL. He does not hold any shares of
MEAL.
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector)
of the Company is a Non-Executive Director of MEAL. He does not
hold any shares of MEAL.
Ms. Shikha Sharma, Independent Director of the Company is also an
Independent Director of MEAL. She does not hold any shares of MEAL.
None of the other promoter(s)/ director(s)/ key managerial personnel
of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested,
financially or otherwise in the proposed transactions.
Their interest or concern or that of their relatives, is limited only to
the extent of their holding directorship/shareholding in the Company
and MEAL.
8.
A copy of the valuation or other external party report,
if any, shall be placed before the Audit Committee.
The related party transactions will be in line with the Company s
Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions.
These transactions will be on an arm s length basis and in the
ordinary course of business. The related party transactions will
be supported by the Valuation Report of an Independent valuer,
wherever necessary.
9.
Any other information relevant for decision making:
All relevant information has been appropriately disclosed herein for
informed decision making.
Part B & C: Additional information for proposed transactions including information on Material Related Party Transactions
as per Industry Standards
B(1): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar
business transaction and trade advances
1.
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services
No bidding or other process has been applied for choosing MEAL as
a counter party for the proposed transaction. The Company benefits
through operational synergies, cost optimisation, efficient working
capital, assurance of product/ service quality, utilising the expertise
within the Group for manufacturing, sourcing, etc. thereby bringing
efficiencies in the businesses, providing enhanced level of user experience
to the consumers of the Company to enable achieve growth objectives,
access to and utilisation of strong R&D and design capabilities. This
would drive growth in MEAL's business and will enable IT to innovate,
scale up and pursue growth opportunities in a more focused manner.
2.
Basis of determination of Price
The Company will ensure that the proposed RPTs are done on arms
length basis which are established taking into account various factors
including comparable with unrelated parties or on cost plus reasonable
margin basis or market price basis, or transaction net margin method,
where available, or certified by any independent agency. Compliance
with arms length principles is ensured based on the applicable
transfer pricing regulations.
3.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such
period for which such advances are extended as per
normal trade practice), if any, proposed to be extended
to the related party in relation to the transaction,
specify the following:
Amount of trade advance:
Tenure
Whether same is self-liquidating?
Not Applicable
B(3) and C(2): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to Investment made by the listed entity or its subsidiary
1.
Source of funds in connection with the proposed
transaction.
The investment would be from own funds/ internal accruals of the
Company. The Company would not be incurring indebtedness solely
for the purpose of making investment.
2.
Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make
investment, specify the following:
Nature of indebtedness
Total cost of borrowing
Tenure
Other details
Not applicable, since the Company would not be incurring financial
indebtedness specially for making investments.
3.
Purpose for which funds shall be utilized by the
investee company
The funds shall be used for operational activities and other business
requirements of MEAL.
4.
Material terms of the proposed transaction
Not applicable
5.
Latest credit rating of the Related Party:
Note
Standalone rating to be provided while option to
provide Structured Obligation Rating ( SO rating )
and Credit Enhancement rating ( CE rating ), if any
This shall be applicable in case of investment in debt
securities
Not Applicable
6.
Whether any regulatory approval is required. If yes,
whether the same has been obtained.
Not Applicable
B(7) and C(6): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to payment of royalty
1.
Purpose for which royalty is proposed to be paid to the related party in the current financial year:
For use of brand name / trademark
The proposed royalty is for usage of technology licensing/
intellectual property rights.
For transfer of technology know-how
For professional fee, corporate management fee
or any other fee
Any other use (specify)

2.
The listed entity may confirm whether the parent
company charges royalty at a uniform rate from all
group companies in other jurisdiction.
Not applicable
3.
Sunset Clause for Royalty payment, if any.
There is no explicit sunset clause in relevant agreement, relevant
agreement which is valid till 31st December 2030 and further extendable
for a period of 7 years.
4.
Gross amount of royalty paid by the listed entity or
subsidiary to the related party during each of the last
three financial years
Financial Year 2025-26 : Rs. 6 crore
Financial Year 2024-25 : Nil
Financial Year 2023-24 : Nil
5.
Purpose for which royalty was paid to the related party during the last three financial years:
For use of brand name / trademark
For usage of technology licensing/ intellectual property rights.
For transfer of technology know-how
For professional fee, corporate management fee
or any other fee
Any other use (specify)
6.
Royalty paid in last 3 Financial Years as % of Net
Profits of previous Financial Years
Financial Year 2025-26 : 0.04%
Financial Year 2024-25 : Nil
Financial Year 2023-24 : Nil
7.
Percentage or Rate at which royalty has increased
in the past 3 years, if any, vis-à-vis rate at which the
turnover and profits after tax have increased during
the same period.
The company has paid royalty to MEAL during FY 2025-26 only, and
accordingly, the rate of increase in royalty is not applicable.
8.
Peer Comparison
Listed entity or its subsidiary paying royalty for any
purpose shall also disclose whether any relevant
Industry Peer pays royalties for the same purpose,
which is disclosed in its audited annual financial
statements for the relevant period.
Not Applicable, since no information is available in public domain for
payment of royalty for the same purpose by relevant industry peers.
2)
For Item No. 9
The Members at the Seventy Sixth Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 5th August 2022 ( 76th AGM ) had approved
Material Related Party Transactions pertaining to subsidiary of the Company i.e. transactions between Mahindra USA, Inc. (MUSA) a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Mahindra Finance USA LLC (MFUSA) an Associate of Mahindra and Mahindra Financial
Services Limited, a subsidiary of the Company with a monetary limit of Rs. 8,000 crore per annum for a period of five Financial Years
commencing from FY 2022-23 to FY 2026-27 i.e. upto 31st March 2027.
In order to align with the amended SEBI LODR Regulations and for ensuring the continuity of transactions between MUSA and
MFUSA, the Company is seeking an omnibus approval from the Members for Material Related Party Transactions pertaining to
subsidiary of the Company as set out in Item No. 9 of the Notice of AGM. The omnibus approval granted by the Members of the
Company shall be valid for a period commencing from the date of Eightieth Annual General Meeting up to the date of Eighty First
Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Details of the Material Related Party Transactions entered/to be entered into between Mahindra USA Inc. (MUSA) a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company and Mahindra Finance USA LLC (MFUSA) an associate of Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Limited, a subsidiary of the Company
Particulars of the Information
Disclosures
Part A: Minimum information of the proposed Related Party Transactions ( RPTs )
A(1) Basic details of the Related Party
1.
Name of the Subsidiary
Mahindra USA, Inc. ( MUSA )
2.
Name of the Related Party and country of
incorporation
Mahindra Finance USA LLC ( MFUSA ) incorporated under the laws of
United States of America (USA) is a Related Party of Mahindra and
Mahindra Financial Services Limited ( MMFSL ) which is a subsidiary
3.
Nature of Business of the Related Party
MFUSA is a joint venture between DLL Group, a global provider of
financial solutions and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Rabobank
Group and MMFSL, a subsidiary of the Company.
MFUSA delivers comprehensive financing solutions to both MUSA s
dealers and end customers. Dealers are supported through inventory
(floorplan) financing arrangements, while end customers are offered
competitive, structured, and efficient financing options designed to
address their specific requirements. DLL and MMFSL collectively bring
over 60 years of experience in financial services and equipment financing.
A(2) Relationship and ownership of the related party
1.
Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary
(in case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and
the related party - including nature of its concern
(financial or otherwise) and the following:

Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in
case of transaction involving the subsidiary),
whether direct or indirect, in the related party.

Where the related party is a partnership firm or a
sole proprietorship concern or a body corporate
without share capital, then capital contribution, if
any, made by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case

Shareholding of the related party, whether direct
or indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case
MUSA is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
MFUSA is an Associate of MMFSL, a subsidiary of the Company.
The Company (Mahindra & Mahindra Limited) is not a party to the
proposed transactions.
The Company holds 52.51% of Equity Share Capital of MMFSL as on
5th May 2026 which in turn holds 49.00% of Equity Share Capital in
MFUSA.
MUSA., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, does not hold any
shares directly or indirectly in MFUSA, an Associate of MMFSL.
A(3) Details of previous transactions with the Related Party
1.
Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by
the Listed Entity or Subsidiary with the related party
during the last two financial years.
Details of transaction undertaken between MUSA and MFUSA
FY25
FY26
in USD
Millions
Rs. in
crore
in USD
Millions
Rs. in
crore
1.
Invoice Discounting
347.04 2,932.96
349.52
3,093.49
2.
Wholesale Finance Cost
14.42
121.87
13.17
116.56
3.
Retail Finance Cost
57.39
485.02
47.46
420.05
Total
418.85 3,539.85
410.15
3630.10
Exchange rate
(USD to INR conversion rate)
84.51
88.51
2.
Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the
current financial year up to the quarter immediately
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Not Applicable, since the details up to immediately preceding quarter
and FY ended 31st March 2026 are already provided in point no. 1
above.
3.
Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning
any obligation undertaken by IT under a transaction or
arrangement entered into with the subsidiary during
the last financial year.
Nil.
A(4) Amount of proposed transaction(s)
1.
Amount of the proposed transactions being placed for
approval in the meeting of the shareholders.
Rs. 6,000 crore
2.
Whether the proposed transactions taken together
with the transactions undertaken with the related
party during the current financial year would render
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes

3.
of the Listed Entity s annual consolidated turnover for
the immediately preceding financial year
Rs. 6,000 crore constitutes 3.03% of the Company s Annual
Consolidated Turnover* for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026
*Turnover includes Revenue from Operations
4.
of subsidiary s annual standalone turnover for the
immediately preceding financial year (in case of
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the
listed entity is not a party to the transaction)
Rs. 6,000 crore constitutes 224.99% of MUSA s Standalone Turnover
for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2026
5.
of the related party s annual consolidated turnover (if
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Rs. 6,000 crore constitutes 780.47% of MFUSA s Standalone
Turnover for the year ended 31st March 2026
Note: MFUSA follows calendar year as its financial reporting period
6.
Financial performance of the related party for the
immediately preceding financial year
The financial performance of MFUSA, on Standalone basis for the
Financial Year ended 31st March 2026 is stated below:
Particulars
Amount
1.
Turnover
768.77
2.
Profit after Tax
144.40
3.
Net Worth
2131.85
A(5) Basic details of the proposed transactions
1.
Specific type of proposed transaction
Availing of Services or any other similar business transaction and
2.
Details of each type of the proposed transaction
Details of the Proposed Transactions
Amount
1.
Availing inventory financing solutions for dealers of MUSA
through payment of wholesale interest cost to MFUSA
5,100
2.
Availing financing solution for end customers of
MUSA by payment of retail interest costs to MFUSA
3.
Transfer of receivables from MUSA to MFUSA and
receipt of upfront financing from MFUSA
4.
Transaction relates to sharing of retail credit risk
through a loss pool arrangement
5.
Transaction relates to payment of any other interest
cost, charges & reimbursement of expenses
Total
6,000
3.
Value of the proposed transaction during a financial
4.
Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in number
of years or months to be specified)
The shareholders approval will be valid for the period commencing
from the date of Eightieth Annual General Meeting i.e., 30th July
2026 up to the date of Eighty First Annual General Meeting of the
Company to be held in the year 2027.
5.
Whether omnibus approval is being sought?
Yes
6.
Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
MFUSA is a joint venture between DLL Group, a global provider of
financial solutions and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Rabobank
Group and MMFSL.
MFUSA delivers comprehensive financing solutions to both MUSA s
dealers and end customers. Dealers are supported through inventory
(floorplan) financing arrangements, while end customers are offered
competitive, structured, and efficient financing options designed to
address their specific requirements. DLL and MMFSL collectively bring
over 60 years of experience in financial services and equipment financing.
This long-standing and mutually beneficial partnership have enabled
the financing of key agriculture-focused projects and equipment, the
expansion into new areas of financial services, and the creation of a
sustained positive impact on the broader community. Together, the
partners contribute significant expertise, value, and high standards
of customer service, with a strong and continued emphasis on
innovative product offerings and advanced technology.
The collaboration is expected to further strengthen MFUSA s position
in attractive and growing markets. These transactions not only
facilitate a consistent flow of credit to dealers and end customers
but also ensure an uninterrupted and reliable flow of funding support
to MUSA. The rates offered by MFUSA to MUSA is competitive with
market benchmarking.
7.
Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s)/ key managerial
personnel of the listed entity who have interest in the
transaction, whether directly or indirectly.
None of the promoter(s)/ director(s)/ key managerial personnel of
the Company have interest directly or indirectly in the proposed
transactions.
8.
A copy of the valuation or other external party report,
if any, shall be placed before the Audit Committee
The RPTs will be in line with the Company s Policy on Materiality of
and Dealing with Related Party Transactions. These transactions will
be on an arm s length basis and in the ordinary course of business.
The RPTs will be supported by the Valuation Report of an Independent
valuer, wherever necessary.
9.
Other information relevant for decision making
All relevant information has been appropriately disclosed herein for
informed decision making.
Part B: Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT as mentioned in the Industry Standards is proposed to
be undertaken and is in addition to Part A.
B(1): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar
business transaction and trade advances
1.
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services
No bidding or any other process has been applied for choosing MFUSA
as a counter party for availing the financial services by MUSA.
Transactions within the Group enable the organization to leverage
greater economies of scale by consolidating demand and optimizing
resource utilization. Overall, such intra-group arrangements enhance
operational efficiency, improve coordination, and ensure smoother
and more timely execution of business activities.
2.
Basis of determination of Price
The proposed RPTs will be done at Comparable Uncontrolled Price
Method i.e SOFR plus margin for the transactions done which is in
line with the general industry practice.
Further, the proposed RPTs will be done on arms length basis
which are established taking into account various factors including
comparable with unrelated parties or on cost plus reasonable
margin basis or market price basis, where available, or certified by
any independent agency. Compliance with arm s length principles is
ensured based on the applicable transfer pricing regulations.
3.
In case of Trade advance (of up to 365 days or such
period for which such advances are extended as per
normal trade practice), if any, proposed to be extended
to the related party in relation to the transaction,
specify the following:
Amount of trade advance:
Tenure
Whether same is self-liquidating?

The Company has in place a robust process for approval of Material Related Party Transactions and on dealing with Related Parties.
As per the process, necessary details for each of the Related Party Transactions as applicable along with the justification are
provided to the Audit Committee in terms of the Company's Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions
and as required under SEBI Circular(s). Further, the Audit Committee at its meeting held on 4th May 2026 has reviewed the certificate
from the Group CEO & Managing Director and Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company confirming that the proposed Related
Party Transactions are in the best interest of the Company and are entered in the ordinary course of business and on an arm s
length basis.
The Related Party Transactions placed for Members approval shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis by the Audit
Committee of the Company as per Regulation 23 of the SEBI LODR Regulations and section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
shall remain within the proposed amount(s) being placed before the Members.
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the Company s
Policy on Materiality of and Dealing with Related Party Transactions, shall be placed before the Members for approval, in terms of
Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI LODR Regulations. As per the SEBI LODR Regulations effective from 1st January 2022, all the Related
Party Transactions shall be approved only by those members of the audit committee, who are independent directors. Accordingly,
the Material Related Party Transactions placed for Members approval have been approved only by those Members of the Audit
Commitee who are Independent Directors.
The Company will seek separate approval on an Annual Basis from the shareholders, in future, in case any omnibus approvals are
needed for Material Related Party Transactions.
None of the promoter/ promoter group entities are interested, directly or indirectly, in any of the proposed transactions. The
proposed transactions shall not, in any manner, be detrimental to the interest of minority shareholders and are in the best interest
of the Company and its Members.
The Members may please note that in terms of provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations, none of the related party(ies) (whether
such related party(ies) are a party to the proposed transactions or not), shall vote to approve the Ordinary Resolutions at Item
Nos. 8 and 9 of the Notice. Details of Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company holding Directorships in the concerned
Related Party(ies) are given below:
Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company holding Directorships in the
concerned Related Party(ies)
Item No. 8
Dr. Anish Shah - Non-Executive Director
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar - Non-Executive Director
Ms. Shikha Sharma - Independent Director
Item No. 9
None
Mahindra Finance USA LLC
None
None of the other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially
or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at Item Nos. 8 and 9 of the Notice.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the Material Related Party Transactions of the Company as set out in the Item
Nos. 8 and 9 of the Notice for approval of the Members by way of Ordinary Resolutions.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Sailesh Kumar Daga
Company Secretary
FCS 4164
Registered Office
Mumbai - 400 001
CIN
:
L65990MH1945PLC004558
E-mail
:
investors@mahindra.com
Website
:
https://www.mahindra.com
Tel.
:
+91 22 6919 1400
Mumbai, 5th May 2026
Information at a glance
Particulars
Details
1.
Day, Date and Time of AGM
Thursday, 30th July 2026, 3.00 p.m. (IST)
2.
Record Date
Friday, 3rd July 2026
3.
Mode
Video Conference (VC)/Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM)
4.
Participation through Video-
Conferencing
Members can login from 2:30 p.m. (IST) on the date of AGM at https://emeetings.kfintech.com
5.
Helpline Number for VC
participation
KFintech s toll free No.: 1800-3094-001
6.
Submission of Questions /
Queries Before AGM
Questions/queries shall be submitted 48 hours before the time fixed for AGM i.e. by
3:00 p.m. (IST) on Tuesday, 28th July 2026, by any of the following processes:

Email to investors@mahindra.com mentioning name, demat account number/folio
number, registered email ID, mobile number, etc.

Members holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 23rd July 2026, may
also visit https://emeetings.kfintech.com and click on Post Your Queries and post
queries/views/questions in the window provided, by mentioning name, demat account
number/folio number, email ID and mobile number.
Members can also post their questions during AGM through the Ask A Question tab
which is available in the VC/OAVM Facility as well as in the one-way live webcast facility.
7.
Speaker Registration before
AGM
Visit https://emeetings.kfintech.com and click on Speaker Registration during the period
from Wednesday, 22nd July 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) upto Friday, 24th July 2026 (5:00 p.m. IST).
8.
Recorded transcript
Will be made available post AGM at https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/Annual
Report/Financial Results
9.
Dividend for FY26
recommended by Board
Rs. 33 (660%) per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face value of Rs. 5 each
10.
Dividend Book Closure dates
Saturday, 4th July 2026 to Thursday, 30th July 2026 (both days inclusive)
11.
Dividend payment date
After Thursday, 30th July 2026
12.
Information of tax on
Dividend for FY 2025-26
https://www.mahindra.com/investor-relations/regulatory-filings
13.
Cut-off date for E-voting
Thursday, 23rd July 2026
14.
Remote E-voting start date
and time
Saturday, 25th July 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST)
15.
Remote E-voting end date
and time
Wednesday, 29th July 2026 (5:00 p.m. IST)
16.
Remote E-voting website
https://evoting.kfintech.com
17.
Name, address and contact
details of E-voting service
Provider and Registrar to
an Issue and Share Transfer
Agent
KFin Technologies Limited ( KFintech ), Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana - 500 032
Contact details: KFintech s toll free No.: 1800-3094-001
18.
Email Registration & Contact
Updation Process
Demat shareholders
Contact respective Depository Participants.
Physical Shareholders
Send Form ISR-1 and other relevant forms to KFintech at Selenium Building, Tower-B,
Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana
India - 500 032 or at the email ID einward.ris@kfintech.com
SHARE YOUR OPINION WITH US
We appreciate the feedback
Shareholders Satisfaction Survey Link
https://forms.office.com/r/FEEX483HRi?origin=lprLink

Key Timelines
E-Voting instructions
Attending AGM (VC/OAVM)
E-voting
For your attention
Login to KFintech | eMeetings
Click on Video Conference tab
Welcome to the Meeting!
Steps to cast vote for Resolutions at
the AGM

Click on the link for e-voting Cast
your vote

Cast
your
vote
selecting
appropriate option i.e. Favour/
Against as desired

Click on Save

If you wish to confirm your vote,
click on Confirm , else to change
your vote, click on Back and
accordingly modify your vote.

Once you confirm your vote on the
resolution, you will not be allowed
to modify or change your vote
subsequently.
E-voting - Individual Shareholders
(Demat)
NSDL: Via IDeAS at
https://eservices.nsdl.com
Access E voting Select Company/
KFintech
CDSL: Via Easi/Easiest
at https://web.cdslindia.com select
E voting.
Alternatively, you may also use NSDL/
CDSL E voting portals or through
Depository Participant login.
E-voting - Non Individual / Physical
Shareholders

Visit https://evoting.kfintech.com.

Login using User ID (EVEN + Folio or
DP ID/Client ID) and password.

Reset password on first login.

Kindly join 30 minutes before the
scheduled time of Meeting i.e. 03:00
PM (IST) on Thursday, 30th July 2026
In case you face any difficulty in
joining, kindly share concern at:
Members facing any difficulties in respect
of attending the AGM through VC/OAVM
may share its concern at:

investors@mahindra.com or

Contact Ms. Surabhi Gangatirkar,
Manager-Corporate
Registry
evoting@kfintech.com or reach out
to toll free no. 1800-309-4001 or

Refer to "How IT Works" section of
KFintech | eMeetings
Notes

Notes