Annual Integrated Report
Growing Exports
Diversifying Green Mobility
Scaling Capacity
EXPANDING HORIZONS

Passenger Vehicle Manufacturer in the History
of Indian Automobile Industry
First...
...to Achieve
Units of Annual Production
st
Million
This milestone was achieved in FY 2024-25.

Our journey in recent years reflects a conscious and strategic effort to evolve into a more resilient, future-ready
organisation. Under the theme Expanding Horizons , we continue to strengthen our position by diversifying
markets, deepening our customer base, broadening our product portfolio, and embracing sustainable mobility,
alongside an ambitious push towards features and technologies that enhance comfort, safety, and driving pleasure
- all while staying rooted in our long-term commitment to India.
This theme found clear expression in the Company s performance during FY 2024-25. While the Company s sales
in domestic market remained flat with marginal growth of 0.1%, its overall sales volumes grew by 4.6%, powered
by a 17.5% increase in exports. These numbers reflect the Company s strength of diversified approach and its
ability to respond swiftly and effectively to shifting demand dynamics.
Currently, the market condition in India is soft. However, IT may not remain so for long, as we firmly believe that
policies will evolve in a way that encourages products and technologies aligned with India s resource endowment
and economic conditions. India needs massive industrialisation as IT moves towards becoming a developed
economy, for which sustained double-digit growth in the car market is essential. Such growth aspiration cannot
be achieved if the masses are unable to afford cars. The Company s conviction in India s growth story is also
evident in its ongoing capacity expansion, which is being undertaken primarily with the domestic market in mind.
To proactively manage the impact of fluctuations in domestic market, the Company has expanded its focus to
newer markets and customer segments. The strong export performance - and upcoming entry into markets like
Europe - is a direct outcome of this strategy. The Company, by widening its geographical reach is building a more
balanced business portfolio that is less vulnerable to regional fluctuations.
In the domestic market as well, the Company s focus remains on broadening choices for consumers. With a wide
and evolving range of powertrain options, including Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV), Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicle
(SHEV), alternate fuel powered vehicles such as CNG and biofuels such as CBG and ethanol, the Company will
cater to diverse and growing preferences. This aligns with broader vision of responsible growth and long-term
environmental stewardship.
The Company is entering the EV market with the e VITARA, built on a dedicated BEV platform for superior
performance. IT is setting a new paradigm with a comprehensive Eco Solution - home chargers with every vehicle,
fast chargers every 5-10 km in the top 100 high-sales cities, 24x7 roadside assistance, and EV-ready workshops
in 1,000 cities. Besides, to accelerate BEV adoption, the Company introduced customised training programme at
130 Industrial Training Institutes. Thus creating a talent pool of skilled personnel for the entire automobile industry.
The Company could manage its operating performance well even amidst external pressures. This reflects the
Company s operational discipline, agility, and strength of its leadership in anticipating and navigating the change.
As we move forward, the Company is scaling up production capacity, preparing to launch electric vehicles, and
strengthening its global presence, all while deepening its commitment to the Indian market. Expanding Horizons
captures this multi-dimensional transformation: a journey of strategic expansion, customer-centric innovation,
and long-term value creation.
Expanding Horizons
Growing Exports, Scaling Capacity,
Diversifying Green Mobility
Powertrain Target for the Indian Market by
FY 2030-31

15%
Battery Electric
Vehicle
35%
CNG (CBG)
25%
Hybrid
Electric Vehicle
25%
Ethanol-blended fuel
(Flex-fuel Vehicle,
ICE vehicle compatible
with E20*)
*Gasoline blend with 20% ethanol
78.2. MWp
Total Installed capacity of
solar power with 35 MWp
in-house solar power capacity
added during FY 2024-25
319. MWp
Target of solar power
capacity by FY 2030-31
Renewable Energy Capacity
Exports
Capacity Expansion
Export Sales Volume
(PV+LCV) (units)
FY'31
FY'25
FY'21
85%
Target for FY 2030-31: Electricity
consumption from renewable
energy sources
~3.5x
in 5 years
96,139
332,585
100,000 units
Capacity added at
Manesar facility
250,000 units
Capacity at greenfield facility
commissioned at Kharkhoda
SUV Launches in FY 2025-26
Accelerating Exports
A view of the greenfield manufacturing facility at Kharkhoda
A view of in-house solar power facility
Aiming for 4 million units annual capacity by FY 2030-31
Including e VITARA
2. SUVs
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Contents
Approach to Reporting
Company Overview
Our Journey Since 1982
Company Profile
Global Markets Served (by Geography)
Product Portfolio
Technologies
Awards and Accolades
Performance Snapshot of FY 2024-25
Message from the Chairman
Message from the Managing Director and CEO
Board of Directors
Executive Management Team
Value Creation Approach
Value Creation Process
Triple Bottom Line Performance
Digitalisation and Innovation
External Environment
Stakeholder Engagement
Material Topics
Risk Management
Way Forward
Alignment with Sustainable Development Goals
Approach to Reporting
Maruti Suzuki India Limited (hereafter referred to as MSIL or the Company ) is
pleased to present its 44th Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25. This Report
intends to serve as a concise communication about the Company s thoughts on
business, governance, performance (financial and non-financial) and prospects in
the context of its external environment.
Reporting Framework
The Integrated Reporting Framework (referred to as the
framework) developed by the International Integrated
Reporting Council (IIRC) serves as the basis of this
Report. The financial information presented in this
Report complies with financial and statutory data
requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the
rules made thereunder), Indian Accounting Standards,
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, and the Secretarial Standards.
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards are
the basis of the non-financial information presented
in this Report. Additionally, this Report aligns with the
Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact
(UNGC) and the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct (NGRBC) issued by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, Government of India.
Scope and Boundary
The reporting period is from 1st April 2024 to 31st March
2025. This Report covers the manufacturing facilities
at Gurugram, Manesar, and Kharkhoda, Research and
Development (R&D) facilities at Gurugram and Rohtak,
Head Office at New Delhi, regional, zonal and area
offices across India, sales and distribution facilities
and stockyards. Joint ventures and subsidiaries
are excluded. There was no significant change in
scope and boundary of the non-financial disclosures
from the previous reporting period. The calculation
methodologies conform to globally accepted standards,
while assumptions, exclusions and restatements are
clearly stated wherever applicable.
Approach to Stakeholder Engagement
The Company engages with its stakeholders regularly,
recognising the importance of responding to their
concerns. MSIL s materiality assessment process
and various other channels capture these concerns.
The Company presents information on these topics of
interest to its stakeholders through this report.
Independent Assurance
The financial information in this Report has undergone
independent assurance by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP.
Bureau Veritas (India) Pvt Ltd independently verified some of
the essential non-financial disclosures, including BRSR.
Introducing Capitals
Financial Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Contribution to UN SDGs
In this Report, you will find icons
of the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs). For each
chapter, we have identified SDGs that
aligns with the Company s activities.
ESG Performance
Environment
Social
Governance
GRI Content Index
Alignment with UNGC Principles
Independent Verification Statement
Statutory Reports
Board s Report
Corporate Governance Report
Management Discussion and Analysis
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Reporting
Financial Statements
Standalone Financial Statements
Consolidated Financial Statements
Disclaimer
This Report may contain forward-looking statements that
capture expectations or projections about the Company s
future. These have to be understood in conjunction with
the uncertainty and the risk that the Company faces.
Actual results, performance or achievements may thus
differ substantially or materially from those expressed or
implied. The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly
amend, modify or revise any such statement, on the basis of
subsequent developments, information, or events, except as
required by law.
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Having ushered in an automobile revolution in the country,
Maruti Suzuki continues to cater to the ever-evolving
needs of customers, year after year, with its expansive
portfolio comprising of passenger and commercial vehicles.
From hatchbacks, to UVs, Vans and light commercial
vehicle, Maruti Suzuki s commitment to innovation and
customer satisfaction remains unwavering, making IT
a trusted choice for car buyers across the nation.
Overview
Our Journey
Since 1982
Product
Portfolio
Performance Snapshot
of FY 2024-25
Board of
Directors
Profile
Technologies
Message from the
Chairman
Executive
Management Team
Global Markets Served
(by Geography)
Awards and
Accolades
Message from the
Managing Director and CEO

Our Journey Since 1982
The dream of putting India on wheels became
a reality in 1982
Joint venture with Suzuki Motor
Corporation, Japan
First car M800 rolled out in 1983
Launched Omni and Gypsy
Set up local component manufacturing ecosystem
First lot of 500 cars exported to Hungary
Launched first sedan, M1000
Accelerated efforts to increase the local
component manufacturing ecosystem
Suzuki Motor Corporation increased its stake
in the Company to 50%
Launched Zen
Launched Esteem
The millionth vehicle (a Gypsy ambulance)
donated to Mother Teresa
Launched round-the-clock emergency on-road
vehicle service support
Commissioned 3rd plant at Gurugram facility
Launched website, customer care and call centres
Launched WagonR
Institute of Driving and Traffic Research (IDTR)
launched in Delhi
Good Beginnings
Accelerating Ahead
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Our Journey Since 1982
Launched True Value, an exclusive sales channel
for pre-owned cars
Launched Maruti Finance and Maruti Insurance
Suzuki Motor Corporation increased its stake to
54.2%
Listing on the NSE and the BSE
Launched iconic hatchback car Swift
Padma Bhushan awarded to Mr. Osamu Suzuki
New manufacturing facility set up in
Manesar, Haryana
Launched SX4
Achieved milestone of one million sales
in a financial year
Launched CNG cars
Exclusive focus on upcountry markets
Launched Dzire and Eeco
The Padma Bhushan awarded to Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Emperor of Japan conferred the Japanese
Decoration, The Order of the Rising Sun, Gold
and Silver Star, upon Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Launched Ertiga
Commissioned state-of-art R&D test track at
Rohtak, Haryana
Global debut of Celerio with revolutionary
auto gear shift technology
Launched a comprehensive vendor
excellence programme
Launched NEXA with the S-Cross
Launched Ciaz, Baleno, Brezza, Ignis, XL6 and
S-Presso
Suzuki Motor Gujarat commenced operations
Launched third housing project for employees
Launched commercial channel with Super Carry
Indian Railways and Maruti Suzuki flagged off
India s first flexi-deck auto-wagon rake
Use of solar power for manufacturing cars
Achieved 2.5 million cumulative exports milestone
Started vehicle scrapping facility in Noida
100-bed multispeciality hospital started in Sitapur,
Gujarat, in partnership with Zydus Hospitals
Skill Development - Dedicated Japan-India
Institute of Manufacturing (JIMs) set up and several
ITIs being supported across the country
Over 5.1 million people trained on road safety
Introduced Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicle -
Grand Vitara, Invicto
Launched Jimny and FRONX
Acquired Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited
(SMG)
Construction started at the new manufacturing site
at Kharkhoda in Haryana
4th generation Swift and Dzire launched
Maruti Suzuki s cumulative sales exceed 30 million
Established India s first automobile in-plant railway
siding at SMG and largest in-plant railway siding at
Manesar facility
Increased in-house solar power capacity to
78.2. MWp
Cumulative export sales exceed 3 million units
Cruising in Style
Gearing Up for Excellence
Laid Foundation of
Maruti Suzuki 3.0
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Maruti Suzuki India Limited was established in 1981. A joint venture
agreement was signed between the Government of India and Suzuki Motor
Corporation (SMC), Japan, in 1982. The Company became a subsidiary of
SMC in 2002. In terms of production volume and sales, the Company is
now SMC s largest subsidiary. SMC currently holds 58.28% of its equity
stake. IT is a public limited Company, and its shares are traded on the
National Stock Exchange (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
The Company is the market leader of Passenger Vehicles (PVs) in India and
is also the country s largest exporter of PVs. In FY 2024-25, the Company
posted its highest-ever total sales, surpassing the milestone of 2 million
units for the second year in a row. The Company is the first among PV
manufacturers in India to achieve this milestone.
Manufacturing
Sites
Gurugram
(Haryana)
Manesar
(Haryana)
Kharkhoda
(Haryana)
Gujarat
Head Office
New Delhi
Regional Parts
Distribution
Centres
Siliguri
(West Bengal)
Bengaluru
(Karnataka)
Nagpur
(Maharashtra)
Research and
Development
Centres
Rohtak
(Haryana)
Gurugram
(Haryana)
The Company is India s market leader in Passenger Vehicles and also India s largest exporter of Passenger Vehicles.
Total Sales Volume
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
2,234,266
2,135,323
1,966,164
1,652,653
1,457,861
Export Sales Volume
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
332,585
283,067
259,333
238,376
96,139
Domestic Sales Volume#
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
1,901,681
1,852,256
1,706,831
1,414,277
1,361,722
Total Cumulative Production*
(in Mn units)
March 2024
March 2025
July 2021
July 2018
March 2011
April 2005
March 1994
Zonal Offices
Regional Offices
Area Offices
Zonal Offices
Regional Offices
Area Offices
Production Capacity
The Company has three state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in Gurugram, Manesar and Kharkhoda in
Haryana. In FY 2024-25, commercial production started at the Kharkhoda facility in Haryana with an annual
production capacity of 0.25 million units. In November 2023, the Company acquired Suzuki Motor Gujarat
Private Limited (SMG) from SMC. Post the acquisition, SMG became 100% subsidiary of Maruti Suzuki India
Limited. The production capacity at SMG is 0.75 million units per annum. The Company s overall production
capability stands at about 2.6 million units per annum.
*Figure include vehicles produced by SMG.
#Figures include sales to OEM.
(Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of MSIL)
Company Profile
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

5,424
Touchpoints
Vehicles Deployed for
Quick Response
2,720
Cities
Mobile
Workshops
Service Channels in India
The Company has an extensive network across
the country for vehicle servicing and repairs.
The network offers services in the brick-and-mortar
format and through mobile support, which provides
services at customers doorstep. In addition, a
dedicated quick response team provides emergency
on-road assistance across the country.
Sales Channels in India
Arena
A youthful and modern destination that provides
a dynamic, trendy, social and connected new-age
car buying experience
3,232
Outlets
2,744
Cities
NEXA
Premium sales channel targeted at new customer
segments offering global buying experience,
innovative technology and enhanced hospitality
Outlets
Cities
Commercial
Automobile retail channel for commercial vehicles
Outlets
Cities
True Value
Trusted destination for buyers of pre-owned cars at
fair and transparent prices
Outlets
Cities
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Global Markets Served
(by Geography)
Exports to nearly 100 countries
Top 5 export destinations
India s Largest Exporter of Passenger Vehicles
with a Share of Nearly 43%
95,597
South Africa
33,348
Saudi Arabia
20,054
Chile
19,656
Japan
12,940
Mexico
Top 5 Export Models
FRONX
Baleno
Jimny
Sales Volume
Dzire
Swift
Note: Map shown above is only for illustration purpose
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Grand Vitara is the flagship offering in the mid-SUV segment,
and is the fastest to achieve three-lakh car sales in the
Mid-SUV segment. The Grand Vitara is a multi-product offering
with cutting-edge Strong Hybrid Technology and Suzuki
ALLGRIP SELECT technology is designed to appeal to a varied
customer base and is revolutionising the SUV space in India.
Invicto is the premium 3-row Utility
Vehicle. Embodying a strong design
language, the Invicto is a harmonious
blend of modern aesthetics and
unparalleled comfort. Loaded with
a host of new-age technologies
offering the best of comfort,
convenience and connected features,
Invicto offers an opulent experience.
IT features the revolutionary Strong
Hybrid Technology, which aids in the
transition towards cleaner, greener,
and a sustainable society.
The legendary off-roader, with a heritage spanning 50
years, was introduced in its latest 5-door avatar. The Jimny
was the second-most exported model, with exports to
around 100 countries in FY 2024-25. Inspired by the spirit
to Never Turn Back, this capable machine is engineered
with Purity of Function as its central design, making an
unyielding commitment to conquer uncharted territories.
This exceptional SUV is the epitome of adventure,
ruggedness, and versatility in one irresistible package.
The Multipurpose Utility Vehicle
is known for its indulgent style
and comfort and is also one of the
most-liked cars in the segment.
AWD-SUZUKI ALLGRIP SELECT
4WD-SUZUKI ALLGRIP PRO

Product Portfolio
Electronic Stability Control
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
6. Airbags
Hill-hold Assist
Safety Features
Strong Hybrid
Petrol Mild Hybrid
CNG
Petrol
Powertrain
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

A new compact SUV with a unique sporty design
and Turbo Boosterjet Engine, the FRONX has been
introduced with the positioning of The Shape of
New for young trailblazers who want to stand
apart with their choices. FRONX is the fastest to
cross two-lakh sales among all cars in India in
FY 2024-25, and IT was the largest exported model
as well.
A car that redefined the premium
hatchback segment, the new-age
Baleno is a technologically advanced
premium hatchback offering many
segment first features. The Baleno
is India s fastest-selling premium
hatchback to hit one million sales, and
IT was also the third-most exported
model in FY 2024-25.
The sedan, admired for its elegance,
was the fastest to reach the landmark
figure of one-lakh sales in its segment.
This hatchback has an urbane design and
SUV-like styling for tough urban roads.
The hatchback has an imposing design and
superior driving capabilities.

Product Portfolio
Electronic Stability Control
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
6. Airbags
Hill-hold Assist
Safety Features
Strong Hybrid
Petrol Mild Hybrid
CNG
Petrol
Powertrain
1.0. L Turbo Booster Jet
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Introduced in 2005, the Swift has completed 20 iconic years as one
of the country s most loved hatchbacks, with over 3 million units sold
cumulatively. Now in its 4th generation, the Epic Swift carries forward this
legacy with renewed energy, further strengthening MSIL s leadership in
the premium hatchback segment. Known for its sporty DNA and dynamic
driving experience, Swift continues to be a symbol of style, performance,
and driving joy for millions across India.
India s favourite compact SUV, the Brezza, has taken the segment by storm
since its launch. Brezza has been one of the top selling SUV in in the compact
SUV segment, with over 1 million car sales cumulatively. Admired for its bold
design and imposing presence, the Brezza has captured the hearts of auto
experts and customers alike. The 2nd generation Brezza is a technologically
advanced compact SUV with youthful and energetic design.
Introduced in 1999 as a tall boy hatchback, the WagonR
is one of the most popular cars in the country. For the last
17 years, IT has been consecutively ranked in India s top
five-selling models and is the highest-selling CNG car in India.
The 3rd generation WagonR also holds onto its crown as India s
highest-selling car for four years in a row. The WagonR has
been the car of choice for over 3 million customers in India.
Introduced in 2008, the Dzire
is the country s most admired
and the highest-selling entry
sedan. The Dzire continues to
be the car of choice for over
3 million customers in India.
The 4th generation Dzire features
a bold, progressive design and
has redefined the segment with
first-of-its-kind innovations.

Product Portfolio
Introduced in 2012, the Ertiga created a unique
segment and quickly became India s most loved
MPV. The Ertiga continues to lead the market with its
winning combination of space, comfort, fuel efficiency
and value. With cumulative sales crossing 1.25 million
units, the Ertiga has now emerged as India s No. 1
Selling MPV, surpassing the lifetime volumes of all other
models in the segment.
Electronic Stability Control
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
6. Airbags
Hill-hold Assist
Safety Features
Petrol Mild Hybrid
CNG
Petrol
Powertrain
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Eeco is the versatile van that has
celebrated an iconic decade of its
legacy in India with more than a
million proud customers. IT enjoys
an undisputed leadership in the van
segment. The new Eeco was launched
in 2022 with more powerful engine, more
style and higher fuel efficiency.
Introduced in 2000, the Alto is one of
the country s most iconic hatchbacks.
Alto has been the highest-selling car for
16 consecutive years. The 3rd generation
Alto was launched in 2022. The brand
Alto is the car of choice for over
4.5 million customers in India.
The hatchback has a contemporary
and youthful design, with energy that
resonates with India s go-getters.
The S-Presso is the second
highest-selling car in its segment.

Product Portfolio
MSIL pioneered the country s auto
gear shift (AGS) technology with the
Celerio. The 2nd generationCelerio
is known for its convenience and
design and is aptly positioned as
Drive your Style .
Electronic Stability Control
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
6. Airbags
Hill-hold Assist
Safety Features
CNG
Petrol
Powertrain
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Maruti Suzuki forayed into the light commercial
segment with the launch of Super Carry, which
provides last mile delivery solution to the customers.
Within a short span, the brand has created a niche
for itself. Super Carry with powerful 1.2-litre K12N
engine, along with factory-fitted S-CNG powertrain
technology, aims to provide affordable and sustainable
mobility solutions to customers. IT has become the
second-best-selling mini truck.
Supporting Products and Services Offered
In association with its subsidiaries and business partners, the Company also offers
an array of supportive products and services, which has helped generate and
retain customer loyalty.
This is a nice, slick van suitable for
many urban applications. The variant
is a part of the iconic versatile van,
Eeco. The Eeco Cargo has proven to
be the perfect partner of growth for
smart, hard-working and business
segment customers. IT is equipped
with a new and powerful 1.2-litre
K12N engine, increased cargo space,
and improved fuel efficiency.
Maruti Suzuki
Genuine Parts
Quality aftermarket parts
for ensuring longevity and
performance of vehicle, and safety
of passengers
Maruti Suzuki Insurance Broking
Single window for cashless accident repairs, hassle-free
services and easy claim settlements
Maruti Suzuki Genuine
Accessories
High-quality accessories at
reasonable rates, approved
and certified by the Company
for their compatibility with the
various models
Maruti Suzuki Rewards
Unique loyalty reward programme designed exclusively
for the Company s customers
Maruti Suzuki
Finance
Partnering with banks and Non-
Banking Financial Corporations to
provide easy financing options
Maruti Suzuki Subscribe
An innovative and convenient way to bring a new car
home and enjoy a hassle-free ownership experience
Maruti Suzuki Driving School
World-class driving training using advanced simulators
Commercial Channel

Product Portfolio
Electronic Stability Control
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
Safety Features
CNG
Petrol
Powertrain
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Carbon Reduction Technologies
Upcoming Carbon Reduction Technologies
Strong Hybrid -
Intelligent Electric
Hybrid Technology
Offers superior energy efficiency
and lower carbon emissions
This hybrid technology has
exclusive option of driving in
pure electric powertrain mode
(EV mode)
K-Series
Engine
1.0-Litre Direct Injection
Turbo-charged Engine
All New Z-Series
Engine
S-CNG
Technologies
Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV)
The Company s first global Strategic Battery
Electric Vehicle - e VITARA was unveiled at the
Bharat Mobility Expo in FY 2024-25
Flex Fuel Vehicle (FFV)
The Company unveiled India s first
mass-segment Flex Fuel prototype car
The WagonR FFV is capable of
operating with ethanol blends ranging
from 20% to 85% with gasoline
Mild Hybrid
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Technologies
Comfort, Convenience and Connected Technologies
Panoramic
Sunroof
SmartPlay Magnum+
Infotainment System
4WD - Suzuki ALLGRIP
Pro Technology
6-speed AT with
Steering-mounted
Paddle Shifters
AWD - Suzuki ALLGRIP
SELECT Technology
Electronic
Parking Brake
Two-zone
Climate Control
Wireless Charging
Suzuki Connect
Powered Tailgate
Emergency Call Facility
Memory
Seats
Ventilated Seats
8-way Power
Adjustable
Driver Seat
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Safety Technologies
Six Airbags
Head Up Display
360. View Camera
Technologies
ESC
With ESC
Without ESC
ESC: Electronic Stability Control
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Safety Champion 2025
Maruti Suzuki India Limited was
recognised as the 2025 Safety
Champion , for the Company's
commitment to road safety,
particularly through its focus on
the 5 E s: Education, Evaluation,
Engineering, Enforcement and
Emergency Care
Business Leader of
the Year 2025
MD, Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi,
was conferred with the title of
Business Leader of the Year
for his exceptional leadership in
driving the Company s growth,
achieving record milestones, and
pioneering safety initiatives
Acko Drive TOTM Awards 2025
Acko Drive TOTM Awards 2025
TV9 Network
2025. Subcompact
Car - Swift
2025. Subcompact
Sedan - Dzire
AutoX Awards
CarBike 360 Awards 2024
CSR Health Awards 2024 by IHW Council
Human Capital Excellence Awards
Best of 2024
Epic New Swift
Economic Times Human Capital Awards 2025
CSR Times Awards
Gold recognition for CSR initiative of
providing tertiary healthcare services through
multispeciality Hospital at Sitapur, Gujarat
4th Social Impact Conference &
Awards by the CSR Universe
Gold Award of Excellence for skill development
and livelihood initiatives
Mahatma Award 2024 for
CSR Excellence
PHDCCI Awards 2024
Outstanding contribution to Social
Welfare Award
Gold in the
Industry Category
Automobile
Excellence in
Creating a Culture of
Continuous Learning
and Upskilling
ET HRWorld EX Awards
Exceptional Employee
Experience award in the
Large-Scale Enterprise Category
Gold Award in the
COVID Public Health
Warriors Category
Siver Award for Most
Innovative CSR Project
of the Year
Healthcare Initiatives for
Road Safety, First-aid
Trauma Care Training
for Drivers
Initiatives for
Automobile Companies
- Automated Driving
Test Tracks
6th Edition of FICCI Road Safety Awards
& Conclave 2024
Manufacturer of the Year 2025
Maruti Suzuki has been
recognised as the 'Manufacturer
of the Year 2025' for its continued
leadership and excellence in the
automotive sector. This award
underscores the Company s
strong performance, innovation
and pivotal role in the Indian
manufacturing landscape
4 4 of the Year
Jimny
CNG Car of the Year
Grand Vitara
Recruitment and training of
Female ITI Apprentices received
special appreciation from
Ministry of Skill Development
and Entrepreneurship,
Government of India
'Most Preferred Workplace
of the Year' award from Team
Marksmen for providing
exceptional working environment
for all categories of workforce
across the pyramid
Awards and Accolades
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Performance Snapshot
of FY 2024-25
Manufactured Capital
The Company utilises state-of-the-
art facilities and highly efficient
green manufacturing processes
to manufacture reliable and
quality products.
Financial Capital
The Company s growth strategy,
along with disciplined allocation
of capital has led to sustained
financial returns.
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Trend
Capital Employed (` Mn)
940,467
839,820
Net Sales (` Mn)
1,451,152
1,349,378
PAT (` Mn)
139,552
132,094
Book Value Per Share (`)
2,991
2,671
Social and
Relationship Capital
The Company strives to maintain
mutually respectful and beneficial
relationships with its stakeholders
such as customers, value chain
partners, local communities
and the Government, creating a
favourable business environment.
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Trend
Sales Outlets
4,235
3,863
Service Outlets
5,424
4,964
Sales Workforce skilled-up through
Various Training Programmes
59,402
50,734
Service Workforce Skilled-up on
Suzuki Service Qualification System
(SSQS)
28,357
27,254
Training Facilities Setup for
Improving the Capability
of Suppliers Workforce
(Tier-I Suppliers)
Training Facilities Setup for
Improving the Capability
of Suppliers Workforce
(Tier-II Suppliers)
1,067
CSR Spend (I Mn)
1,585
1,104
Road Safety (Drivers Trained since
Inception) (in Mn)
5.1
4.8
Natural Capital
The Company strives to reduce
the adverse environmental impact
of its products and services
through the sustainable use of
natural resources and responsible
waste, wastewater, and emissions
management practices.
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Trend
Design for Recyclability - Average
Recyclability of the Products
Manufactured by the Company (%)
>92%
Tier-I Supplier Plants that
Implemented ISO 14001
Environmental Management
Systems (%) (By Value)
98%
94%
Tier-I Supplier Plants that
Implemented ISO 45001
Occupational Health and Safety (%)
(By Value)
95%
90%
Recycling of Steel Scrap (%)
Renewable Energy Used in
Manufacturing Vehicles (Total Solar
Power Generation Capacity - MWp)
78.2
43.2
Cumulative CO2 Emissions Avoided
by Using Alternative Fuel-driven
Vehicles since 2005-06 (million MT)
3.63
2.73
CO2e Emissions Avoided by Using
Railways for Vehicle Dispatches
(in MT)
180,660
149,818
Intellectual Capital
With the product and technology
licenses received from SMC, the
Company is able to offer relevant
products in the Indian market.
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Trend
R&D Engineers
2,844
2,487
Cumulative Patents Applied/
Granted
1,177/648
1,075/605
Human Capital
The Company focuses on optimally
developing its human resources
skills, competencies, health, safety
and well-being to leverage value
creation across other capitals.
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Trend
Vehicles Sold
2,234,266
2,135,323
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Trend
Employee Benefit Expenses
(I Mn)
61,370
54,784
Voluntary Employee Attrition
(%)
2.5%
2.6%
Workforce Skilled-up
44,117
36,412
Number of Suggestions
Shared by Employees towards
Continuous Improvement in
Systems and Processes
1,065,966
1,004,324
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Message from the Chairman
IT gives me immense pleasure to welcome all of you to this 44th annual general meeting of Maruti Suzuki India Limited. As in the last
few years, and in accordance with the law, the meeting is being held in the virtual format. My assessment is that a large majority
of shareholders prefer this form of the meeting.
Osamu Suzuki, our honorary Chairman and the person without whose wisdom and foresight Maruti Suzuki would not have become
what IT is, passed away in December 2024. Your Company held a memorial event for him. Suzuki Motor Corporation and MSIL will
establish the Osamu Suzuki Centre of Excellence to enable Indian manufacturing industry to enhance its competitiveness, partly
by incorporating the lessons learnt from Suzuki San.
I would like to place on record your Company s deep sympathy with the victims of the Pahalgam terror incident, our sense of
outrage at this horrific event and our full support for the government s actions to show terrorists that they cannot escape the
consequences of their act.
The world is experiencing a level of uncertainty perhaps never experienced before. President Trump has in many ways forced
nations to rethink conventional policies and relationships. In particular, the use of tariffs in diplomacy is being seen for the first
time. India, during the process of negotiating a bilateral treaty with the United States, has been subject to high tariffs. I have full
confidence in the ability of our government to protect national interests and do what would be best for the country.
The situation created by the decision of the Chinese government to provide that export of rare earth magnets would need licenses
has added another element of uncertainty for the automobile industry. We are hopeful that the licenses for the export of these
magnets will be issued shortly. Your Company has so far managed to ensure that no production was lost due to a shortage
of magnets.
Our government has entered into a landmark free trade agreement with the United Kingdom, and this should form a template for
future agreements. I expect that such agreements would help in the successful implementation of our policy of seeking export
markets to expand production.
The growth rate of the car industry has become a matter of considerable concern. Over the last 6 years, starting from the
implementation of BS 6 standards, and followed by more strict safety and emission standards, the average growth of the industry
has been 4.4% a year. In FY 2024-25, retail sales growth was 3% and in quarter1 this year there has been a de-growth of 1.3%. This
slowdown in the car industry has happened despite the country experiencing the highest GDP growth amongst large countries and
calls for serious consideration. Our penetration of cars at 34 per thousand of population is very low. Two-thirds of the population is
dependent on two wheelers for their mobility needs. IT is also well accepted that the car industry is the driver of economic growth
and employment creation, as evidenced in all major developed economies.
Our attitude towards the car industry developed after independence when IT was decided that car production should be discouraged
as IT was inappropriate in a socialist economy. Yet, China, which is a communist country, has become the largest producer of
cars in the world. IT treated vehicle ownership as an enabler of urban mobility and economic growth. The government offered
infrastructure incentives, R&D grants, and consumer subsidies, besides other facilities, to grow this industry. As a result, between
2000 and 2017, car production grew from 2 million units a year to 25 Million units. The GDP also grew at a fast rate. In Japan,
during 1955-70, rapid economic growth was accompanied by high growth of car production and sales. Should India also not adopt
policies that facilitate the growth of the car industry?
Maruti was established in 1981 despite the then prevailing policy framework. The car industry was de-licensed in 1993
and reached 3.3 million units in FY 2018-19. Thereafter, European-level safety and emission standards were introduced.
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Meeting European standards resulted in higher costs of production. IT was possibly not realised that these higher costs, with
unchanged tax rates would result in many prospective buyers of small cars being unable to afford the higher costs. The small car
segment of the market has gone into a decline. Growth is taking place in the higher priced segments, but overall, the result is a
slowing down of the industry. The bulk of Indian households, with per capita incomes that are less than 10% of those in Europe,
cannot afford to buy the more expensive cars. IT is a fallacy to think that prospective small car buyers are now moving to more
expensive SUVs and that is why the segment is declining. If that were so, the overall industry should not have slowed down in this
manner. Your Company has represented to government that cars should be treated as drivers of economic growth and generation
of employment and policies and tax rates should be reviewed in that context. The not so well of sections of the population should
also be enabled to buy safe and comfortable means of transportation.
The times ahead will be challenging on many fronts. Both SMC and MSIL are determined to find the best solutions and take forward
the growth of the car industry. Both companies now meet twice a year, at the Board of Director levels, so that there is better
mutual understanding of all issues. The systems and processes are being streamlined to remove any duplication and maximise
efficiencies. The future success of SMC and MSIL are very closely interlinked, and I believe that what is now being done would
be in the best interests of growth and the shareholders of both countries.
The results of FY 2024-25 are already with you. We crossed a production level of 2 million units. The Board has recommended a
dividend of I 135 per share, an increase from the ₹125 per share paid last year. Keeping in view our expansion plans as well as the
state of the car industry, I request our shareholders to approve the proposed dividend.
Meanwhile, the Company with support from Suzuki Japan and Toyota has focussed on exports as an important constituent of future
growth and higher production. In FY 2024-25, exports were in excess of 330,000 units and in Q1 exports further grew by 37%.
We are now the largest exporter of cars from India. As a result, we were able to have a small growth in total production volumes.
The Company is also planning to introduce two new SUVs this year and one of them is an electric car for both the domestic and
export markets. The first line in Kharkhauda is in full production and the second line would be completed early in the next financial
year. We are ready with plans to further increase production in the event of government favourably reviewing our representations.
Our commitment to achieve net zero is firm. The Board has constituted a Sustainability Committee to examine relevant issues
and advise on how to move to achieve our goal. Over the last decade, CO2 emissions per vehicle have reduced by 19% but we
expect to make faster progress with more emphasis on cleaner technologies. To an extent our progress is dependent on the
electric energy generation in the country becoming cleaner at a faster rate. The government should ensure that all regulations are
supportive of the common goal of net zero.
MSIL now has 79.2 MWp of solar energy. During FY 2025-26 we propose to add another 20MW of solar power. There is a need for
rules prescribed by State governments being facilitative of solar generation and its movement across State boundaries.
An additional biogas plant is being established in Manesar and will be ready by December this year. Depending on its performance
future investments would be considered.
The emphasis on popularising CNG cars has continued. 14 models of MSIL cars are now capable of being run on CNG. The sale
of CNG cars in FY 2024-25 reached 619,890 units and the target for FY 2025-26 is 700,000 units.
An important event was the completion and inauguration by the Railway Minister of a railway siding in the Manesar plant. With this
facility, cars will now be directly loaded on to wagons in the factory. The percentage of cars being sent by rail reached 24.3% at the
end of FY 2024-25 and this year the target is that 26% of our sales should be transported by rail. Rail transport is much cleaner than
road transport. We already have a railway siding at our SMG Gujarat factory and are also planning to have the same in Kharkhauda.
The importance of enhancing customer convenience has always been one of our basic principles. During the year FY 2024-25, we
added 460 service points and the total reached 5,424. This aspect of our work continues unchanged.
The CSR activities continue to receive full attention. We have fully utilised the budget and continue to implement programmes
under the heads approved by your Board. A new initiative started was to work with the Indian Agricultural Research Institute to
popularise the use of fermented organic manure. This initiative could lead to large use of agricultural waste, reduce crop burning
and improve the environment, lead to soil enrichment and also produce biogas for clean transportation and cooking.
The importance of providing our employees with a safe and hygienic workplace cannot be over emphasised. We continue to pay
attention to this matter. We also advise employees on how to be safe when they are away from the workplace or on leave.
The capabilities of the engineering division continue to be enhanced. The number of engineers has increased to 2,844 from 2,487
last year. SMC and MSIL work very closely in this area to ensure that our customers get the very best of value. Much greater use
of AI is now being made. We are also working with our supply chain partners to help them strengthen their engineering capabilities.
We cannot be globally competitive without a very strong engineering base.
Your Company has always faced challenges and successfully overcome them. All our employees are highly motivated and looking
forward to ensuring that MSIL not only remains the leader of the car industry but also makes a significant contribution to national
goals and targets. Our employees are our strength and are responsible for the success of your Company. We have tried to ensure
that our policies are always consistent with national goals and we have avoided being short-term in our decisions. This approach
has worked well and will be continued. I look forward to the continued support of all our shareholders as we move forward during
what may be a difficult year.
Jai Hind.
R. C. Bhargava
Chairman
Message from the Chairman
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Message from the Managing
Director and CEO
IT is my privilege to share our journey and future thoughts through this Integrated Report.
The theme of this year s Annual Integrated Report, Expanding Horizons , signals a strategic direction in which the Company is
preparing itself to become a more resilient and future-ready organisation by exploring new business opportunities, growing exports,
broadening product portfolio and embracing sustainable mobility.
This theme found clear expression in the Company s performance during FY 2024-25. Despite a tough domestic demand
environment, where the industry struggled even to match the previous year s volumes, the Company could grow its overall sales
volumes by 4.6% that too on a large base of over 2 million units. This was especially driven by a 17.5% increase in exports. The
Company, by widening its geographical reach and customer base, is building a more balanced business portfolio that is less
vulnerable to fluctuations in one market.
Besides, the Company achieved several historic milestones in FY 2024-25. For the first time, the Company s production volume
surpassed 2 million units in a year. The Company is the only manufacturer to have achieved this feat so far in India. The Company
recorded its highest-ever annual sales of 2.23 million vehicles, which includes the highest-ever export of 3.32 lakh vehicles. This
was the 2nd consecutive year of achieving more than 2 million sales. The Company continued to be the top exporter of passenger
vehicles in India for the fourth consecutive year and also surpassed the milestone of 3 million cumulative exports during the year.
The Company registered the highest-ever revenues of over I 1.5 lakh crore with profit after tax at a historic high. As a result, the
Board has recommended the highest-ever dividend of I 135 per share. The Company expresses its sincere gratitude to every
stakeholder who played an important role in achieving these distinguished milestones.
All these achievements have come at a time when the automobile industry is witnessing muted growth. The small car segment,
which used to be the volume driver for the industry and the Company, continues to decline due to affordability issues. Since 2019,
the entry-level price point in the industry has jumped significantly, largely on account of stricter regulations. As a result, the small car
segment, which had a dominant share in the industry a few years back, is not participating in the growth at all, and consequently,
the car market in India is not growing. In contrast, the demand, which is primarily coming from high-income households, is rapidly
shifting towards SUVs. In FY 2024-25, SUVs accounted for over 54% of the industry s sales and this trend continues. Aligning with
evolving consumer preferences, the Company could increase the SUVs contribution in its domestic sales to 28% in FY 2024-25
from 25% in FY 2023-24.
The Company is further strengthening its SUV portfolio with two new launches this year, including its first Battery Electric Vehicle
(BEV), the e VITARA. This launch marks a major milestone, as the Company will serve as the exclusive global production hub for
the e VITARA for the Suzuki Group.
Built on a dedicated BEV platform, the e VITARA offers superior performance, safety, and ride quality. To support faster adoption
of BEV, the Company is offering a larger battery with an extended range, a complimentary home charger, a comprehensive mobile
app, and plans to install DC fast chargers across the top 100 cities. Over 1,500 BEV-ready service workshops are being set up
across 1,000 cities, backed by 24/7 on-site assistance.
Rather than entering the BEV market in a hurry, the Company prioritised understanding customer concerns. This focus on
practicality and convenience sets its offering apart. The e VITARA is also being prepared for export to over 100 countries, including
advanced economies like Europe and Japan - underscoring its global readiness and engineering strength.
The e VITARA marks a significant step in the Company s powertrain diversification strategy aimed at accelerating decarbonisation.
Instead of relying on a single technology, the Company is expanding across cleaner options, hybrids, CNG, biofuels like CBG
and ethanol, efficient IC engines compatible with 20% ethanol blending and even Flex Fuel Vehicles. This strategy makes cleaner
technologies more accessible, empowers customers and helps the Company leverage all possibilities of carbon reduction.
Alongside the e VITARA, the Company is set to introduce another striking SUV model that promises to elevate excitement in the
segment. Together, these two SUV launches would further strengthen the Company s robust presence in this high-growth segment.
As part of its growth strategy, Maruti Suzuki 3.0 , the Company is continuously working towards achieving 4 million units of
production and sales by FY 2030-31. In pursuit of this goal, several initiatives were undertaken during FY 2024-25. The Board
approved the merger of Suzuki Motor Gujarat to streamline operations and enhance agility. Construction of a fourth production
line (250,000 units/year) at this Gujarat facility is underway. In Haryana, the first plant at Kharkhoda became operational with a
capacity of 250,000 units, raising the Company s total capability to 2.6 million units per annum. Construction of a second plant is
ongoing, and a third plant with similar capacity has also been approved to be set up at Kharkhoda.
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

This expansion not only supports the increasing domestic requirements but also strengthens the Company s ability to meet
its export ambition. The Company is planning to increase its exports to over 100 countries. This will also help cushion market
fluctuations, enhancing overall business resilience.
To widen its geographical reach in the domestic market, the Company is expanding its network in every nook and corner of the
country. During the year, IT expanded by adding 372 sales outlets and 450 service touchpoints, focusing on both urban and non-
urban markets. IT also introduced the NEXA Studio format to bring premium experiences to new geographies.
By broadening its presence across powertrains, product segments, and markets, the Company is strengthening its ability to absorb
market shocks and optimise profitability. This strategic depth was clearly reflected in FY 2024-25, where, despite the challenging
demand environment, the Company maintained healthy operating margins in an industry that is increasingly skewed towards
SUVs. This performance highlights the Company s resilience and its ability to deliver consistent value, even amidst challenging
business conditions.
The Company adopted sustainability as a guiding principle since its inception. Long before ESG became a global focus, the
Company operated with a deep sense of responsibility towards the environment, society, and governance. The Company s
integrated approach has helped IT build resilience, drive innovation, and create long-term value for all stakeholders.
The Company s efforts to reduce environmental footprints span the entire lifecycle of a vehicle - from design to manufacturing, to
transportation, to usage till end-of-life.
The Company follows Suzuki s core philosophy of Sho-Sho-Kei-Tan-Bi - smaller, lighter, fewer, shorter, and beauty - to improve
resource efficiency. The Company s average weight of the cars sold in India is about 20% lower than that of the industry. While doing
so, the Company also enhances the safety performance of its products with the latest technologies, including the use of Ultra and
High Tensile steel. This holistic approach ensures that the Company is using fewer materials, which in turn ensures a lesser energy
requirement both in manufacturing and in-use, ultimately lowering the product s greenhouse gas emissions throughout its lifecycle.
By adopting a multi-powertrain strategy, the Company s average carbon emission of its fleet is significantly lower than the
industry average.
Also, the Company actively promotes circularity in operations - recycling 100% of metallic scrap, reusing packaging materials, and
following the 3R principle (Reduce-Reuse-Recycle). The Company designs vehicles for enabling recyclability and recoverability at
the end of life, ensuring conservation of natural resources and lowering the overall environmental impact. The average recyclability
for the products manufactured by the Company is 92% and recoverability is about 98%.
The Company s end-of-life vehicle recycling facility, operational since 2021, provides a safe and eco-friendly way to scrap vehicles,
with a capacity to process 24,000 vehicles annually. More such centres are envisaged in the future.
The Company expanded its solar power capacity to 78.2 MWp steeply from 43.2 MWp in a single year. The Company has
committed over I 925 crore to expand its total solar power capacity to 319 MWp by FY 2030-31, targeting an ambitious 85% share
of renewables in overall electricity consumption by that time.
The Company made significant progress in lowering the carbon footprint of its logistics operations. In FY 2024-25, the Company
dispatched about 518,000 vehicles via rail, avoiding about 180,000 metric tonnes of CO2e emissions. The Company s in-plant
railway sidings at two of its manufacturing facilities now support a dispatch capacity of 750,000 vehicles annually, and the Company
aims to increase share of rail-based dispatches to 35% of total dispatches by FY 2030-31, compared to 24.3% in FY 2024-25. The
Company is the first automobile OEM in India to develop in-plant railway siding.
The Company also achieved Zero Liquid Discharge across its plants, recycling 100% of used water, which now meets nearly two-
thirds of the Company s water needs at its manufacturing facilities.
Safety is a cornerstone of the Company s product strategy. The Company now offers six airbags as standard in almost all models
and has made the Electronic Stability Programme (ESP) standard across its entire portfolio - well ahead of regulatory requirements.
The 4th generation Dzire earned a 5-star Bharat New Car Assessment Programme (BNCAP) rating, and the Baleno secured 4-star,
reinforcing the Company s commitment to safer mobility.
The Company extended its ESG efforts to its value chain. The Company promotes the use of renewable energy among its supplier
and dealer partners. The Company also enforces global standards for managing Substances of Concern (SoC). In FY 2024-25,
the Company conducted about 400 supplier assessments and awareness sessions to ensure compliance.
The Company evaluated human resource systems and processes (including human rights practices) at local Tier-1 suppliers
contributing to over 70% of component purchases by value. The Company promotes a strong safety culture and also provides skill
training for the suppliers and dealers workforce. Besides, to continuously improve the occupational health and safety practices in
the supply chain, the Company conducts periodic assessments as well. To enable holistic skill upgradation, the Company conducted
over 17,000 training sessions in FY 2024-25 for 100% of Tier-1 suppliers and dealers. To strengthen governance, a corporate
governance framework was co-developed with 30 Tier-1 suppliers and later extended to 100 Tier-1 suppliers. The framework assesses
performance across transparency, risk management, sustainable value creation, and ethical standards.
Employees are central to the Company s ESG journey. The Company has invested heavily in welfare, capability development, and
workplace safety. IT has enhanced welfare measures, including housing support, post-retirement medical benefits, and health
check-ups for employees and their families. I maintain a strong personal connect with workmen unions on a monthly basis to have
a mutually beneficial dialogue.
The Company is committed to diversity and inclusion. In FY 2024-25, women comprised 13% of the regular workforce hired. This
representation is anticipated to increase to about 20% in the next financial year. The Company is actively training and deploying
women on the shopfloor, especially in roles traditionally underrepresented by women.
The CSR initiatives continue to progress as guided by the Board. Through the CSR programmes, the Company continues to create
a positive impact on the lives of the people in the areas of community development, road safety and skill development.
The Company undertakes community development initiatives near its facilities, focusing on healthcare, education, sanitation, and
infrastructure. Its multispecialty hospital and Podar Learn School in Sitapur, Gujarat, both in their fourth year of operation, have
served over 125,000 patients and provided quality education to local students. A research project with IARI Pusa is exploring the
use of Fermented Organic Manure (FOM) from Compressed Biogas plants.
On road safety, over 5.1 million people have been trained in the last 24 years. In partnership with the transport departments of
Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Haryana and Jammu, the Company has set up 45 automated driving test tracks. IT uses
computer vision systems and AI-based technology to test the skill of drivers before issuing driving licenses in a transparent and
efficient manner.
In skill development, the Company is working towards creating livelihood opportunities for Indian youth by imparting training in
relevant skills through the Japan India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) set up by the Company and by supporting 137 Industrial
Training Institutes (ITIs) nationwide. Over 18,000 students were trained in FY 2024-25. This programme aligns with the Government
of India s Skill India initiative.
As India moves towards becoming a developed nation by 2047, the automobile industry will play a vital role. The Company is
committed to supporting this journey by offering sustainable, safe, and affordable mobility solutions. My dream, or rather my
personal mission, is to deliver joy of mobility to as many Indian people as possible and I am sure that this will be achieved in the
course of our journey towards 2047.
ESG efforts are not just about compliance; they are about creating long-term value and driving inclusive progress. The Company
is fully aligned with this direction and remains well positioned to contribute meaningfully to these objectives, while also supporting
key areas of national priority.
Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) announced its mid-term plan during the year, reiterating its commitment to India as a core market.
The plan aims to achieve 50% market share and significantly expand the Company s manufacturing capacity by FY 2030-31,
strengthening India s role in the production and export of vehicles. Besides, as a part of this mid-term plan, SMC introduced a new
corporate slogan, By Your Side , which reflects its enduring philosophy of staying closely connected with customers and stakeholders
across the value chain. At a time when the automobile industry globally is undergoing a significant transformation, this slogan aptly
captures Suzuki Group s intent to prioritise stakeholder interests and to consistently strive to delight them.
I would like to thank all our stakeholders - customers, employees, partners, shareholders, and the Government - for their continued
trust and support as we move forward on this journey.
H. Takeuchi
Managing Director and CEO
Message from the Managing Director and CEO
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Board of Directors
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
Chairman

Board Committees
Audit
Stakeholders Relationship
Corporate Social Responsibility
Mr. T. Suzuki
Director
Mr. H. Takeuchi
Managing Director & CEO

Mr. K. Toyofuku
Director (Sustainability)
ST
Nomination and Remuneration
Risk Management
ST Sustainability
Mr. K. Ayukawa
Director
Mr. M. Sahu
Independent Director

Mr. K. Suzuki**
Director
Ms. L. Goswami
Independent Director

Mr. K. Yamaguchi
Director (Production)
Executive Officer and
Company Secretary
Mr. Sanjeev Grover
Auditors
Price Waterhouse Chartered
Accountants LLP*
Mr. S. Kakkar**
Director (Corporate Planning)
Ms. A. Bansal
Independent Director

ST
Ms. I. Vittal
Independent Director

ST
* Appointed with effect from 12th May 2025 in casual vacancy caused due to resignation of Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP to hold office till the conclusion of 44th
AGM. The Board recommends their appointment as Statutory Auditors for a further period of 5 years to hold office from the conclusion of 44th AGM till the
conclusion of 49th AGM.
**The Board has appointed Mr. S. Kakkar and Mr. K. Suzuki with effect from 1st April 2025 and 26th April 2025 respectively.
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

ECM: Executive Committee Member
KMP: Key Managerial Personnel
SMP: Senior Management Personnel
Mr. H. Takeuchi, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
Mr. S. Kakkar, Director (Corporate Planning), ECM
Mr. M. Kunieda, Executive Officer (Supply Chain)
Mr. D. Thukral, Executive Officer (Supply Chain)
Mr. K. Yamaguchi, Director (Production), ECM
Mr. R. Singh, Executive Officer (Gurugram and Manesar Plant)
Mr. K. Toyofuku, Director (Sustainability)
Mr. K. Kasahara, Executive Officer
(Corporate Planning, Corporate Affairs & New Projects), ECM
Mr. R. Bharti, Sr. Executive Officer
(Corporate Affairs) and Chief Investor Relations Officer, ECM
Mr. C. V. Raman, ECM
Mr. V. Sarin, Executive Officer (Business Unit - Kharkhoda)
Mr. S. P. Nayak, Executive Officer (Production Engineering), ECM
Mr. S. Raina, Executive Officer (Product Planning)
Mr. T. Fujii, Sr. Executive Officer
(Engineering and Product Planning), ECM
Mr. T. Aggarwal, Sr. Executive Officer (Engineering), ECM
Mr. T. Matsui, Executive Officer
(Engineering - Powertrain and Electric Vehicle)
Mr. A. Bhat, Executive Officer
(Engineering - Powertrain and Electric Vehicle)
Mr. A. Roy, Chief Financial Officer, ECM
Mr. Y. Hirose, Executive Officer (International Marketing)
Mr. V. Anand, Executive Officer (International Marketing)
Mr. P. Banerjee, Sr. Executive Officer
(Domestic Sales and Marketing)
Mr. B. Dheer, Executive Officer (Marketing)
Mr. S. Srivastava, ECM
Ms. M. Chowdhary, General Counsel and Sr. Executive Officer
(Legal), ECM
Mr. R. S. Akella, Executive Officer (Service)
Mr. Y. Kawai, Executive Officer (Service)
Mr. S. D. Chhabra, Executive Officer
(Parts, Accessories & Logistics)
Mr. P. Maini, Executive Officer (Realty & Infrastructure)
Mr. M. Gautam, Executive Vice President
(Information Technology)
Dr. T. Sahoo, Executive Officer
(Digital Enterprise and Information & Cyber Security)
Mr. V. Garg, Executive Officer (Quality Assurance)
Mr. S. B. Lal, Executive Officer
(Human Resource, Safety, Vigilance)
Mr. R. Budhiraja, Executive Officer (New Projects)
Mr. S. Grover, Executive Officer and Company Secretary
Executive Management Team
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Company Overview

Maruti Suzuki s approach integrates innovation, sustainability
and customer-centricity to consistently raise benchmarks in
quality, safety and the overall driving experience.
Value Creation
Approach
Value Creation
Process
Triple Bottom Line
Performance
Digitalisation and
Innovation
External
Environment
Stakeholder
Engagement
Material
Topics
Risk Management
Way Forward
Alignment with Sustainable
Development Goals

How We Are Working towards our Vision
1. Offering Relevant Products and Technologies
that India needs by leveraging the unique ability of Suzuki Motor
Corporation to design feature-rich, environment-friendly, safer
products with world-class quality at an affordable price
Vision
The leader in the Indian automobile industry
Creating customer delight and shareholder wealth
A pride of India
The Foundation
Core Values
Enablers
Optimum Resource Utilisation
Attention to Detail
Operational Excellence
Japanese Practices for
Efficient Operations
Customer Obsession
Innovation and Creativity
Openness and Learning
Networking and Partnership
Fast, Flexible and First-Mover
Cost optimisation
Increase the ability to offer
aspirational products at an
affordable price
Attract more customers
Sales and service network expansion
and multi-channel strategy
Enhanced reach and customer
experience
Customers for life
Volumes
Higher Sales
Scale Benefits,
Localisation,
Value Engineering
Better Dealer
Viability for Sales
and Service
Higher Sales
Best Ownership
Experience and
Higher Lifetime Value
Volumes
Business Model
Inputs

Financial Capital

l L839,820 Mn capital employed at the start of year

Manufactured Capital

l Three manufacturing facilities in Haryana, and one
manufacturing facility in Gujarat

l Key raw materials - steel coils (223,132 MT), non-
ferrous castings (41,039 MT) and paints (12,575 KL)

Intellectual Capital

l L5,878 Mn R&D spend

l R&D facility at Rohtak, India supported by
SMC, Japan

l 2,844 R&D engineers

l Product Licences from SMC

Social and Relationship Capital

l Over 400 Tier-I suppliers

l 4,836 sales outlets (including pre-owned cars)

l 5,424 service outlets

l Training and capacity building of value
chain partners

l Over 100,000 sales and service workforce of
business partners skilled up

l L1,585 Mn spent on Corporate Social Responsibility

Human Capital

l 19,966 regular employees

l 2,311 regular employees joined

l 1,470,300 training person-hours

l L61,370 Mn spent on employee benefit expenses

Natural Capital

l Increased usage of green power
(solar and non-solar) for manufacturing

l Zero-use of ground water

l 63.13% of water requirement for manufacturing is
met through recycling
Outputs and Outcomes

Financial Capital

l K940,467 Mn capital employed at

Manufactured Capital

l 2,234,266 vehicles sold

Intellectual Capital

l 1,177 patents filed and 648 granted
(cumulatively)

l Reduced product development cycle

l Improved vehicle fuel economy, lower
emissions and enhanced safety

l Timely compliance with regulatory
requirements for products

Social and Relationship Capital

l Over 27 million customers engaged
through sales and service activities

l Reduction in customer complaints
per 1,000 vehicles serviced by 44%
over FY 2019-20

l Social development programmes in
36 villages

l Over 328,000 persons trained at
Institutes of Driving Training and
Research (IDTR) and Road Safety
Knowledge Centre (RSKC)

l Over 20,700 students
benefitted through various skill
development programmes

Human Capital

l Cordial industrial relations

l 1,065,966 suggestions from employees
leading to a savings of K 4,904 Mn

Natural Capital

l 100% of metallic scrap generated
(103,321 MT) sent for recycling.

l About 3,612 million litres of
water recycled

l 15,148 MT of hazardous waste
co-processed

l Cumulative 3.63 million tCO2e
emissions avoided by using
alternative fuel-driven vehicles since
FY 2025-06
Value Creation
Process
The Company connects well with customers and
understands their needs. Its strength lies in its ability
to offer relevant Products, Technologies and Services
that India needs. Suzuki Motor Corporation's (SMC)
prowess in designing feature-rich, environment friendly
and safer products with top-notch quality at an affordable
price, significantly supports the Company in offering
the desired product to its customers. The able and
passionate workforce committed to making things
happen allows the Company to be agile in challenging
situations and emerge stronger.
The Company strives to provide the best value
proposition to customers not only during the purchase of
a car but also throughout the ownership cycle. This leads
to customer delight, thus ensuring customers long-term
association with the Company.
The conscious and concerted efforts to expand its
distribution network, pursue a multi-channel strategy,
provide ease of maintenance through affordable
and easily available spare parts, and locate service
workshops demonstrate the Company s endless pursuit
of serving customers better with every passing day.
The blend of Japanese technology and Indian spirit
makes the Company distinct and unique in the way
IT creates value. One of its fundamental elements of
value creation is optimum resource utilisation. Since its
inception, the Company has inculcated the 3R principle,
Japanese practices, and SMC s basic philosophy of
smaller, fewer, lighter, shorter, and beauty across its
operating practices. These make the operations efficient
and support resource optimisation and conservation,
thus supporting the Company s contribution towards a
circular economy. Moreover, Company s environment
friendly products greatly help reduce its carbon footprint.
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Economic Performance
The Company s contributions to its stakeholders have a multiplier effect on
the economy, thereby generating millions of direct and indirect employment
opportunities. The Company distributes close to 90% of the value IT generates
to various stakeholders in its value chain.
Suppliers, Capital Goods Manufacturers,
In-bound Logistics and MSIL
Car manufacturing has significant interlinkages with
industries involved in the primary, secondary, and tertiary
economic activities, creating livelihood opportunities
for millions and making the sector one of the biggest
employment generators in the country. The Company
buys ~95% of its components (by value) from suppliers
with manufacturing plants in India, making MSIL a
significant contributor to local employment and the
Make in India initiative of the Government of India.
Outbound Transporters
Transporters form an important link in the value chain
by providing outbound logistics. This generates
employment for drivers, cleaners, motels,
transporters and their staff. Transportation of cars
also generates demand for commercial vehicles.
Marketing and Sales
Car sales to customers are facilitated by a wide range
of professionals such as the sales workforce of the
Company, dealer workforce, car insurance providers,
financiers, advertisement agencies and market
researchers among others.
UN SDGs
Material Issue
Economic Performance
Aftermarket
Car parc generates employment in a unique way.
A sizeable proportion of all cars on the road is
chauffeur-driven. The taxi segment generates
potential employment of at least one driver per car.
Every car sold needs to be serviced or repaired,
refuelled and so on, generating millions of
employment opportunities across these segments.
Transport Operators
Motels
Staff of Transport
Operators
Commercial Vehicle OEMs and
Customised Vehicle Body Makers
Raw Material
Processing Units
Extraction
of Raw Materials
Tier-1 Suppliers
Tier-2, Tier-3... Tier-n
Suppliers
Insurance Company
Sales Team
Service Workshop
Drivers for Personal
Cars and Taxis
Finance Company
Ad Agencies
Fuel Dispensing Stations
Aftermarket
Parts Distributors
Supplier Ecosystem to Manufacture Passenger Vehicles
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Net Sales
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
(I in Mn)
1,451,152
1,349,378
1,125,008
837,981
665,621
Economic Performance
Key Financial Figures
(` in Mn)
Particulars
FY'21
FY'22
FY'23
FY'24
FY'25
Net Sales
665,621
837,981
1,125,008
1,349,378
1,451,152
Operating EBIT
23,138
29,147
81,844
133,788
146,259
PBT
51,594
45,823
101,591
170,404
191,832
PAT
42,297
37,663
80,492
132,094
139,552
EPS (J)
Dividend Per Share (J)
Net Worth
513,668
540,860
603,820
839,820
940,467
Current Liabilities
162,001
170,137
200,993
229,287
267,207
Total Liabilities
187,940
193,083
227,967
263,028
315,735
Non-current Assets
520,803
566,131
715,788
925,224
1,023,680
Current Assets
180,805
167,812
115,999
177,624
232,522
Total Assets
701,608
733,943
831,787
1,102,848
1,256,202
Operating Cash Flow
88,388
17,912
92,280
151,670
140,124
5-Year Performance Summary
Triple Bottom Line Performance
PAT
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
139,552
132,094
80,492
37,663
42,297
(I in Mn)
Dividend Per Share
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
(I per Share)
RoCE
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
(%)
23.8%
21.8%
17.8%
8.8%
10.4%
Operating EBIT Margin
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
(%)
10.1%
9.9%
7.3%
3.5%
Book Value per Share
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
FY'22
FY'21
2,991
2,671
1,999
1,790
1,700
(J per Share)
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Environment Performance
Climate Change Management
Average Fleet CO2 Emissions - Corporate
Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) Performance
The Company s average fleet carbon emission is significantly
lower than the targeted industry average. Besides, the
Company has been outperforming its CAFE target by a wide
margin, both in Phase 1 (2017-18 to 2021-22) and in Phase 2
(ongoing since 2022-23).
Average Fleet CO2 Emissions - Target vs Actual
CAFE Performance
FY'25
101.39*
FY'24
103.60
FY'23
104.70
FY'22
111.01
FY'21
113.10
Maximising Decarbonisation through a
Multi-powertrain Strategy
The Company is fully committed to supporting India s
goal of achieving Net Zero carbon emissions by
2070. Reducing the overall carbon emissions cannot
be achieved until the entire fleet of cars produced is
involved in the carbon reduction efforts. Hence, the
Company strategy is to deploy all technologies so that
every vehicle in the entire fleet contributes to carbon
emission reduction.
The car industry needs more solutions that are quickly
scalable and affordable to reduce carbon from the entire fleet.
In addition to Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV), the Company
has adopted a multi-powertrain strategy, comprising of Strong
Hybrid Electric Vehicle (SHEV) and vehicles powered by
alternative fuels, including Compressed Natural Gas (CNG)
and biofuels such as Compressed Biogas (CBG) and Ethanol,
to maximise decarbonisation objective.
In line with Suzuki s mid-term plan for its India operations for
FY 2030-31, BEVs are projected to account for 15% of the
domestic PV sales volume, Hybrids 25%, 35% from CNG and
25% from alternate fuels.
Efforts towards Electrification of Powertrain
A. Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV)
The Company unveiled its first BEV, the e VITARA, at the
Bharat Mobility Expo in FY 2024-25. The e VITARA is Suzuki
Motor Corporation s first BEV offering and the Company
will serve as the global manufacturing hub for the entire
Suzuki Group and has plans to export to over 100 countries,
a significant boost to Make in India initiative.
Medium-term Target
With the support from its parent Suzuki Motor Corporation,
the Company targets to launch 4 BEVs (including e VITARA)
for the Indian market by FY 2030-31.
By FY 2030-31, the Company aims to be India s largest BEV
OEM in terms of production, domestic and export sales.
UN SDGs
Material Issue
Products and Process
Emissions Reduction
Powertrain Target for the Indian Market
by FY 2030-31
Mr. Toshihiro Suzuki, Representative Director
and President, Suzuki Motor Corporation and
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, Managing Director and CEO,
Maruti Suzuki India Limited unveiled the e VITARA
- Maruti Suzuki s first Electric SUV, at the Bharat
Mobility Global Expo 2025 in New Delhi.
B. Proliferation of Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicle (SHEV)

The Company offers SHEV technology in two of its
vehicles - Grand Vitara and Invicto

The Company's SHEV segment recorded a growth of
27.5% in FY 2024-25
SHEV Sales - Grand Vitara and Invicto
(units)
FY'24
FY'25
FY'23
20,672
16,219
10,405
Promoting the Use of Alternate Fuels -
Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) and Biofuel
The Company offers 14 CNG variants across its portfolio of
18 models. In FY 2024-25, one in every third car sold by the
Company in the domestic market was a CNG vehicle.
By FY 2030-31, 25% of sales in the domestic market will be
either through flex-fuel vehicles or ICE vehicles compatible with
20% ethanol blend (E20). Currently, 100% of the petrol models
offered by the Company are compatible with E20 blending.
The Company unveiled the WagonR Flex Fuel Vehicle - India s
first mass-segment flex-fuel prototype which is capable of
operating on ethanol blends from 20% to 85% with gasoline,
in the recent Bharat Mobility Expo.
Battery
Electric Vehicle
CNG (CBG)
Ethanol-blended fuel
(Flex-fuel Vehicle, ICE
vehicle compatible
with E20*)
Hybrid
Electric Vehicle
15%
35%
25%
123.7
124.8
107.3
109.2
110.0
MSIL Performance (g/km)
MSIL Target (g/km)
* Gasoline blend with 20% ethanol
*Provisional Internal Estimates
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Minimizing CO2 Emissions from Products: Cumulative CO2 Emissions Avoided
The Company deployed CNG, Mild Hybrid and Strong Hybrid powertrain technologies in its products to
minimise the carbon emissions.
3,629,092 MT*
Cumulative CO2 emissions avoided
by using green vehicles
% Contribution of Sales from Green
Vehicles (CNG + Mild Hybrids+Strong
Hybrids) in Overall Sales
42%
48%
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
Efforts for Localisation of Hybrid Batteries
The TDS lithium-ion Battery Gujarat Private Limited (TDSG) is India s first lithium-ion battery manufacturing plant with cell
level localisation. TDSG is a collaboration between Toshiba, Denso and Suzuki - three of the biggest names in the global
automotive industry. TDSG, with cell level localisation will take India one step closure to its electrification journey.
FY'25
946,721
2,682,371
FY'24
722,842
2,005,384
FY'23
481,203
1,441,453
FY'22
364,366
1,214,362
FY'21
224,770
1,066,270
FY'20
214,721
943,942
FY'19
133,513
872,998
FY'18
70,600
759,767
FY'17
25,722
671,034
FY'16
2,827
521,656
FY'15
393,325
Cumulative CO2 emissions avoided by using hybrids (Mild + Strong) (in MT)
Cumulative CO2 emissions avoided by using CNG vehicles (in MT)
*Since FY 2005-06 till FY 2024-25
A view of TDSG manufacturing facility
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Increasing Use of Renewable Energy in
Manufacturing Operations
The Company is increasing the use of solar power in
manufacturing of vehicles. Additionally, solar power panels are
installed in parking areas to shield cars from harsh weather
conditions. Besides, the Company is increasing the share
of green power sourced from Haryana's State Electricity
Distribution Board for its consumption. These initiatives
in solar power and green power will help the Company
meaningfully shift its dependence towards renewable energy.
Triple Bottom Line Performance
Installed Solar Power Capacity (MWp)
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
FY'25
78.2
FY'31
43.2
26.3
FY 2030-31 Target
Electricity Consumption from Renewable
Energy Sources
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
FY'25
16.3%
FY'31
15.6%
6.9%
5.6%
85%
FY 2030-31 Target
Use of Biofuel - Generating Compressed Biogas from Food Waste
The Company commenced a pilot Biogas plant at its Manesar
facility, harnessing the untapped potential of in-house
food waste and Napier grass as resources at its plant.
The initiative is in alignment with the Ministry of New and
Renewable Energy s Waste to Energy programme, reflecting
the Company s commitment to sustainable practices and
innovative waste management solutions.
The pilot plant aims to produce 0.2 tonnes of biogas per day,
with an anticipated annual output of around 100,000 standard
cubic meters - expected to reduce CO2 emissions by
approximately 190 tonnes each year. In FY 2024-25, the plant
generated 18 metric tonnes of compressed biogas, avoiding
48 metric tonnes of CO2 emissions.
Feedstock
Biogas Manufacturing
Food Waste
Napier Grass
Purified Biogas
Mixing
Tank
Raw Biogas
Water Tank
Biogas
Storage
Biogas
Digester
Biogas Purification
Digester Outlet
Liquid Manure
Solid Manure
Fresh Water
Liquid Re-
Circulation
H2S+H2O
Removal
Gas
Compression
Purification (CO2 Removal)
Used In Canteen &
Manufacturing Process
Pilot biogas plant established at Manesar facility
A view of the in-house solar power generation facility
Pilot biogas plant established at Manesar facility
The Company successfully met its
solar power generation capacity
target of 78.2 MWp one year ahead of
target, achieving IT in FY 2024-25 itself
instead of FY 2025-26
Minimising Carbon Emissions in Manufacturing Operations
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Reducing Carbon Emission in Vehicle Dispatches
The Company is the first and only passenger vehicle
OEM in India to have a railway siding facility at two of its
manufacturing facilities. The Company operates two in-plant
railway sidings with the combined dispatch capacity of over
750,000 vehicles annually.
The company operationalised the railway siding at Suzuki
Motor Gujarat in FY 2023-24 with a full dispatch capacity of
300,000 cars. In FY 2025-26, the Company operationalised
the Manesar in-plant railway siding facility with an annual
dispatch capacity of 450,000 vehicles, helping avoid 175,000
tonnes of CO2 emissions and saving 60 million litres of fuel
annually, once fully operational.
Railway Dispatches Over the Years
FY'25
FY'24
FY'23
65,700
155,357
518,157
24.3%
8.3%
5.0%
35%
FY 2030-31
Contribution to Circular Economy
UN SDGs
Material Issue
End-of-life Vehicle Management
Designing for Recyclability and Recoverability
The IMDS tool measures the RRR performance in 100% of
the models manufactured by the Company.
Average Recyclability and Recoverability of
the Materials from the Products Manufactured
by the Company
% OF MATERIALS RECYCLABLE
% OF MATERIALS RECYCLABLE AND
RECOVERABLE
>92%
>98%
Creating the Ecosystem for Managing
End-of-life Vehicles
Understanding that the country lacks in the vehicle
dismantling and recycling infrastructure for end-of-life
vehicles, the Company has collaborated with Toyota Tsusho
Group and established a joint venture named Maruti Suzuki
Toyotsu India Private Limited (MSTI) for vehicle dismantling
and recycling facility in India. More such centres are
envisaged in the future.
3,063 MT
Steel recovered from the cars that
were scrapped at the MSTI facility
in FY 2024-25
249 MT
Aluminium recovered from the
cars that were scrapped at the
MSTI facility in FY 2024-25
A view of the MSTI facility
Manesar in-plant railway siding facility
Gujarat in-plant railway siding facility
Dispatch through Railways
Rail Contribution
Efforts for GHG Emission Reduction in Value Chain
Tier-I
Suppliers*
Outbound
Logistics
Dealer Service
Workshops
35% of total electricity
consumption through
RE in FY 2024-25
24.3% of total vehicle
dispatches through rail
in FY 2024-25
94 Dealer service workshops,
contributing to 5% of the
service load in FY 2024-25
are powered through
Rooftop Solar
*75% of Local OE Tier-1 component suppliers by value of buying
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Optimisation of Natural Resource Use
UN SDGs
Material Issue
Effective and Efficient Use of
Natural Resources
100%
Waste generated in steel is reused
as inputs
30%
Sand requirement for making sand
cores (used in the casting process) is met
through recycling
Through yield improvement projects the Company as well as
its supplier reduced the consumption of steel by over 5,000
MT in FY 2024-25.
Promoting Industrial Symbiosis
Steel Scrap Used as Inputs (MT)
Scrap sold to raw
material suppliers
7,377
Scrap used
as input by
other industries 68,532
Scrap used as input
by Tier-1 Supplier
27,412
Promoting 3R Practices in Packaging Materials
Reduction in the Use of Packaging Materials
The Company takes measures to continuously optimise the use of packaging materials.
% reduction in quantity of
packaging material used in
new model when compared
to the outgoing model
Reuse of Packaging Materials
~34%
of the packaging materials used in knock-down (KD)
component exports is met through reuse in FY 2024-25
Recycle of Packaging Materials
2,370+ MT
of packaging plastic material sold to authorised
recyclers in FY 2024-25
Waste Management
Zero Waste-to-Landfill
The Company ensures zero waste-to-landfill through 3R
principle - Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle - to maximise
resource efficiency and minimise waste generation and
promote industrial symbiosis.
15,148 MT
Hazardous waste co-processed
5,244 MT
Hazardous waste sent for recycling
1,50,000 MT
Non-hazardous waste sent for recycling
New DZire
32%
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Water Stewardship
UN SDGs
Material Issue
Water Use and Recycling
Triple Bottom Line Performance
3,610 Mn litres
Water recycled and reused
63.13%
Water requirement met through recycling
Water lagoons for recycle and reuse of water
1,300 Mn litres
Water saved through dry-wash technology for
cleaning cars at the workshop
1,114,602 m3
Total storage capacity of water lagoons
Zero
Use of ground water in
manufacturing facilities
Rainwater storage facility at Kharkhoda manufacturing plant
Social Performance
Collaboration with Business Partners
UN SDGs
Material Issues
Occupational Health and Safety
Product Safety and Quality
People Development
Industrial Labor Relations
Business Continuity and
Economic Performance
Improving Overall Capability of Business Partners
The Company extends support to business partners to help
improve their capabilities.
Person-hours Invested by the Company
in FY 2024-25 towards Holistic Capability
Development of Business Partners
5.6%
Suport for Dealer Partners
Suport for Supplier Partners
1,146,600
1,736,924
Occupational Health and Safety
The Company collaborates with suppliers to improve their
occupational health and safety practices. The Company
encourages its Tier-1 suppliers to focus on mapping and
mitigating the associated safety risks at their suppliers.
95%
of local OE Tier-1 component suppliers (by value)
have implemented ISO 45001 Occupational
Health and Safety Management Systems
Maruti Suzuki Vendor Conference 2024
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Best practices from the DIGILIB facility have recently
been made available to dealer partners, expanding
access to innovative solutions and knowledge-sharing
Grooming the Suppliers and Dealers to be Future Ready
DIGILIB: A Comprehensive Knowledge Sharing Platform for Supplier and Dealer Partners
During the engagement with supplier partners through the MSSWA platform (Maruti Suzuki Supplier Welfare Association)
in 2022, the suppliers shared a need for a digital library to foster learning and innovation among themselves. Later, in
2023, the Company collaborated with the supplier partners through the MSSWA platform to create a digital knowledge
management portal to serve as a repository for best practices.
The broader themes under which the best practices are compiled,
stored and disseminated include:
Manufacturing and
Operational Management
Cost and Financial
Management
HR, Safety and IT
ESG
Localisation
Supply Chain
Management
Creating a Talent Pool for Supplier Partners
through Multi-stakeholder Initiatives
Supplier Partners
The Company started a new academic course in Tool and
Die Engineering in Government Polytechnic Educational
Society (GPES), Manesar. This initiative will improve the
availability of skilled personnel in the country in tool and die
maintenance. Since the inception of the programme, eligible
students secured employment either with the Company
or with the supplier partners. The Company has also set
up a Tool & Die Training Facility at Centre of Excellence
Polytechnic, Manesar.
Manpower Development with specialisation in Tool and Die Design
Promoting Safety across the Supply Chain
Tier-1 Suppliers
Human Safety
Human Safety
Fire Safety
Fire Safety
Tier-2 Suppliers (Managed through Tier-1s)
Current
Assessment
Mechanism
Monitoring
& Reporting
Mechanism
Enablers
by MSIL
Results for
FY 2024-25
Self-assessment by
T-1 suppliers (Critical
categories - Sheet
metal and Plastics)
Regular assessment
at defined periodicity
(By MSIL/authorised
third-parties)
10% sample
audit by MSIL
Audit by MACE*/
authorised third-parties
*Centre of Excellence created by MSIL and Tier-1 suppliers
Safety assessment reporting to MSIL
Periodic monitoring of improvements by MSIL
Tier-1s monitor assessment and improvements
Status is communicated to MSIL
Training on Safety

MSIL

MACE

Knowledge experts
~70% Tier-1 suppliers and 45% Tier-2 suppliers were trained
Sharing of best practices by MSIL
Top management
95% of local OE Tier-1 component suppliers
(Buying value) are ISO 45001 certified
57% of improvement
opportunities addressed
Audit by MACE
Human Safety self
assessments -
282 suppliers
Fire Safety
300 suppliers
Fire Safety
242 suppliers
Human Safety
477 suppliers
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Customer-Centricity
UN SDGs
Material Issue
Product Safety and Quality,
Innovation and Digitalisation
Baleno
Safety of Vehicles
Safety Rating of Vehicles (New Car Assessment Programme)
BNCAP*
BNCAP1
Safety Features Offered as Standard
Active Safety
Electronic Stability Control
100%
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
100%
Hill Hold Assist
100%*
Rear Parking Sensors / Camera
100%
Six Airbags
97%
Seat Belt Reminder
100%
Passive Safety
Behavioural Safety
Safety Feature
Safety Feature Offered as a Standard
(% of Total Domestic Sales Volume)#
Vehicle Platform
The 5th-generation HEARTECT platform is engineered with Ultra and Advanced High Tensile
Steel, enhancing structural rigidity and occupant protection. The Company has integrated the
HEARTECT platform across its entire lineup, ensuring consistent safety across all variants.
Tensile Strength of Vehicles
The Company uses ultra and high-tensile steel in its products ensuring effective absorption and
dispersion of impact force. For more information in safety technologies, refer page 35.
*Across all-types of automatic variants #% computed basis the current sales mix
Dzire
1Adult Occupant Protection
45%
of steel used in All New
Dzire is made of ultra and
high-tensile strength steel
Suppliers
Suppliers
Logistic Service Provider
Logistic Service Provider
(Truck Drivers)
Dealers
Dealers
(Sales & Service)
100%
of trucks/trailers
480,000+
500+
240,000+
350+
4,600,000+
Safety Assessments Across Value Chain
Capability Development of Various Stakeholders Workforce
Number of safety assessments conducted across value chain in FY 2024-25
Person-hours of training provided to various stakeholders workforce in FY 2024-25
*BNCAP - Bharat New Car Assessment Programme
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Employer of Choice
UN SDGs
Material Issues
Employment Practices,
Occupational Health and Safety
Comprehensive Benefits
The Company provides remuneration and benefits to
employees that are higher than the industry benchmark.
Employee Benefit
Expenses (in K Mn)
FY'24
FY'25
61,370
54,784
Gender Diversity Trend at MSIL
(% of Female Employees in Total Regular Employees)
FY'25
FY'24
4.1%
FY'23
3.7%
FY'22
3.6%
4.9%
Safe Place to Work
The Company leverages the proactive involvement
of the workforce to improve occupational health and
safety continuously.
Number of meetings conducted as part of the
3-tier safety committee in FY 2024-25
Strong involvement of workforce to continuously
improve occupational safety.
Number of Suggestions Provided by Workforce to
Improve Occupational Safety
FY'24
FY'25
248,617
230,290
Number of Near-miss Incidents Reported
FY'24
FY'25
1,224
1,233
Note: For all the actionable near-miss incidents reported,
countermeasures have been implemented.
Gender Diversity and Inclusion
The Company has introduced a new batch of women joinees
on the assembly line for its off-roader SUV Jimny at the
Gurugram plant. In March 2024, the Company enrolled a
batch of women in the machine shop at its Gurugram plant.
In FY 2024-25, a dedicated HR council has been created
to define and shape the Company s future diversity goals
and strategies.
This underscores the Company s commitment to fostering
gender diversity, cultivating an inclusive work environment
and empowering women in the manufacturing sector.
Triple Bottom Line Performance
Social Security and Welfare Measures
1,148
Superannuated employees, including their spouses
were benefitted from post-retirement medical benefit
scheme. (The Company is the first in the industry to
offer such scheme to superannuated employees)
12,298
Employees and their families (spouses, children and
dependent parents) availed the Company s non-
occupational health scheme
16,963
Free medical consultations availed by
employees and their families
13,664
Employees and their spouses
availed the Company s periodic
health check-up scheme
Employees booked flats through the Company s
Housing Scheme in Dharuhera, Haryana
3,077
Employees benefitted by availing the Company s
low-interest funding for buying houses
7,942
Employee children received rewards towards
their achievement in academics and sports
Health and Well-being
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Responsible Corporate Citizen
UN SDGs
School Infrastructure
The Company has set up a school in Sitapur, Gujarat in
partnership with Podar Education Network. The school
is providing high quality education to the students from
local villages.
Students are studying
in the school
Maruti Suzuki Podar Learn School in Sitapur, Gujarat
Anaemia Reduction Programme Launch
As part of its CSR commitment, the
Company has recently implemented
targeted community development
projects in eight villages near its
Kharkhoda facility. The initiatives
span across key development
areas - education, community
infrastructure, healthcare and
sanitation, in consultation with the local
community leaders.
New classrooms have been
constructed at the Primary and High
Schools in two villages, along with
the installation of green energy solar
units at the schools. 19,000 people in
8 villages near Kharkhoda to benefit
from the community development
initiatives. Additionally, the Company,
in partnership with the Department of
Education, Sonipat, has established
two libraries at Government Senior
Secondary Schools in two villages.
600+
Students to benefit
from the library
Material Issue
Community Development
Skill Development
Road Safety
Primary Health - Programme for Anaemia
Reduction
Based on the success of the Anaemia reduction program
in Rohtak, the Company has launched a pilot project to
address the anaemia problem in Kasan Village Manesar.
The programme aims to address the high prevalence of
anaemia, particularly among women and adolescent girls,
through health screenings, distribution of medicines and
follow-up screening. Since inception, through its anaemia
reduction project.
~20,000
Women and children
have been targeted
Community Development Efforts at Kharkhoda, Haryana
Community Development
As part of its CSR, the Company undertakes various community development activities in 36 villages. The activities include:
Health, Education, Water, Sanitation & Hygiene and Common Community Assets.
Health Infrastructure
A multispecialty hospital has been set up in Sitapur, Gujarat
in partnership with Ramanbhai Foundation, the philanthropic
arm of Zydus Hospitals, Ahmedabad and has been made
operational in 2021. The hospital has transformed healthcare
in the region with its affordable and specialised healthcare
services. The hospital offers several advanced clinical
facilities such as General Medicine, Cardiology, Orthopedics,
Trauma, Gynaecology, Urology, Nephrology, Dialysis, etc.
In 2023, the Company set up a Cath lab facility in the hospital.
With this, the Company could deliver high-quality cardiac care
to residents of nearly 400 villages around its Gujarat facility.
125,000+
People from nearby villages have received
healthcare services since inception
400+
Villages are covered through the hospital
Multispecialty Hospital in Sitapur, Gujarat
Community Development Initiatives near Kharkhoda Facility
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Triple Bottom Line Performance
Availability of Potable Water
The Company has constructed water ATMs to provide safe
and hygienic drinking water to people in local communities.
38,500+
People in 25 villages benefitted from the
Company s water ATMs
Improving Sanitation and Hygiene
4,520
Individual household toilets
were constructed
Promotion of Fermented Organic Manure
The Company launched a programme in partnership
with Indian Agriculture Research Institute (IARI), Pusa,
to promote use of Fermented Organic Manure (FOM)
among farmers. The project will be done in two phases.
In first phase, IARI will conduct field research on FOM
generated through various Compressed Biogas plants. In
second phase, FOM will be promoted to farmers through
various activities.
e-Parivartan: Employee
Volunteering Programme
The employee-volunteering programme, e-Parivartan
converts the technical flair and community spirit of strong
workforce into hands-on social impact. The programme
undertook various volunteering initiatives like blood donation
drives, sapling plantations, engaging with old age homes,
orphaned children, wheelchair assembly & donation,
among others.
3,100+
Volunteering hours in FY 2024-25
Improving Road Safety
5.1 Mn+
People trained on safe
driving across 8 Institutes
of Driving and Traffic
Research (IDTR) and
23. Road Safety Knowledge
Centres (RSKC) over the
last 24 years
Number of Automated Driving
Test Tracks have been set up
by the Company
Skill Development
Japan-India Institute of Manufacturing
The Company aligns with the
Government of India s flagship
Skill India mission to impart the
relevant skill training to create
livelihood opportunities to the youth.
The Japan-India Institute of Manufacturing (JIM) is a flagship
and state-of-the-art training infrastructure imparting the
relevant vocational training on technical and behavioural skills
as required by the industry.
ITIs have been introduced with
customised BEV and SHEV
training programme
2,700
Students were trained in FY 2024-25
18,000+
Youths were trained in 137 Industrial Training Institutes
supported by the Company across the country
2,000+
Youths were trained in three JIMs
Three
JIMs have been set up by the Company
(one in Haryana and two in Gujarat).
Fourth JIM is being set up in Sonipat
Electric Vehicle Training at ITIs
The Company has launched a comprehensive training add on program to handle High Voltage systems required for Battery
Electric Vehicle (BEV) and Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicle (SHEV). This training programme prepares future automotive
technicians to safely and efficiently handle high-voltage electric systems.
e-Parivartan Programme
Field testing of FOM at IARI, Pusa, Delhi
Road Safety awareness training to Border Security
Force members at IDTR Chhattisgarh
High voltage course at one of the supported ITIs
High-voltage course training kit
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Digitalisation and Innovation
Nexaverse and Arenaverse
The Company provides an unparalleled customer
experience through interactive and engaging platforms
that redefine how customers explore car models,
surpassing traditional methods with innovative
digital experiences.
Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance
The Company launched the Maruti Suzuki Smart
Finance service to digitalise the car buying process
further. IT became India's first OEM to offer an online,
end-to-end, real-time car finance service facility.
H50,000 Cr+
Worth of loans were disbursed to over 6.8 lakh
customers through Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance in
FY 2024-25
Mobility Anzen Drive
In its commitment to road safety, the Company
introduced a mobile app called Mobijoy to improve
driving behaviour across its workforce. Using GPS,
accelerometer, and gyroscope sensors, the app
records the behaviour of the driver on indicators like
over-speeding, sudden braking, hard acceleration,
sharp cornering, and distracted driving. Based on
individual driving profiles, the app also provides
personalised training modules.
To drive engagement and foster a culture of safe
driving, the platform incorporates gamified elements
such as leaderboards and peer benchmarking through
safe driving contests. This approach fosters healthy
competition and encourages continuous improvement
in driving discipline. By integrating technology with
behaviour-based interventions, the Company aims
to mitigate road safety risks, enhance stakeholder
well-being, and reinforce its broader commitment to
responsible operations.
MS Chatbox
The MS Chatbox tool is bundled with video
conferencing technology along with centralised
content management systems to provide a live
showroom experience to customers. This tool offers
an enhanced customer experience and convenience
by combining the digital and physical journey of
buying a car on a single platform.
2.2 Mn+
Potential customers
interacted through MS
Chatbox platform
94,000+
Bookings generated
Smart Parking Solutions
In the field related to mobility convenience services,
Smart parking solutions offers the customers the
chance to search, pre-book, pay, and navigate
parking slots. This platform also offers value-
added services like obtaining a Pollution Under
Check certificate.
Maruti Suzuki Innovation Programme
Maruti Suzuki Innovation is a one-of-a-kind initiative to collaborate with new-age tech startups and co-create innovative
tech enabled solutions in the mobility space. Driven by a vision to transform automotive innovation in India and beyond,
the Company has developed a platform to guide and empower start-ups in creating cutting-edge solutions - anchored in its
core philosophy of Innovate, Collaborate, and Co-create.
5,300+
Start-ups were screened
Start-ups were engaged
Start-ups onboarded as
business partners
Maruti Suzuki Accelerator
Maruti Suzuki Accelerator is the flagship start-up programme for growth-stage startups that are ready to scale. IT offers a platform for start-ups to
collaborate with Maruti Suzuki and expand their Go-to-Market reach. In FY 2024-25, MSIL announced the expansion of its open innovation efforts to
include global startups and three start-ups from Germany were declared as winners.
2,500+
Start-ups were screened
Start-ups were engaged with
Start-ups onboarded as
business partners
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Digitalisation and Innovation
Maruti Suzuki Incubation Programme
Launched in 2020 in partnership with NSRCEL, IIM
Bangalore, MS Incubation Program empowers early-
stage mobility and technology-based startups working
on high-risk, disruptive technologies with significant
societal impact. The program is currently in its fourth
cohort of startups and has so far screened over 1,700
applicants, incubated more than 100, engaged with 45+,
and onboarded two business partners.
Nurture
A pre-incubation program started in 2022 in partnership
with IIM-C s (IIMCIP) for very early-stage start-ups
in fields such as mobility, sustainability, social
entrepreneurship, skill development, road safety.
The third cohort is underway, having garnered over
300 applications thus far. Each Regional Idea Hunt
is designed to identify 3 to 4 high-potential ventures,
resulting in a cohort of 9 to 12 finalists. Across its first
two cohorts, the programme has directly engaged with
23 startups, demonstrating its continued commitment to
fostering innovation and inclusive development across
diverse geographies.
300+
Start-ups applied in State Level Idea Hunts from East,
North-east and Central India
Start-ups Onboarded as Partners under Maruti Suzuki Accelerator Programme
Mobility Challenge
A platform for engaging with mature startups to solve specific
problem statements for Maruti Suzuki was launched in 2021
in partnership with T-Hub. Success in this programme is
driven by speed and agility. In total, 302 start-ups have been
screened in this programme so far, 14 start-ups engaged and
1 Business Partner created from the first 2 cohorts.
Intrapreneurship Challenge
Intrapreneurship Challenge is an internal innovation program
to crowdsource innovative ideas within Maruti Suzuki. Started
in 2021, this programme provides a platform to promote a
culture of innovation among employees to identify, engage
and groom talent pool.
Maruti Suzuki FundRays
Maruti Suzuki has partnered with DLabs at the Indian School
of Business to launch Maruti Suzuki FundRays, an Investor
Readiness Programme tailored for start-ups under the
Maruti Suzuki Innovation initiative. The programme will equip
startups with skills, knowledge & networking opportunities
to scale and secure funding, and bridge the gap between
start-ups and the investment community.
Innovation Fund
Innovation Fund is a strategic investment initiative under
Maruti Suzuki Innovation and this platform supports alumni
startups through funding, structured mentorship and
privileged access to Maruti Suzuki's extensive resources.
In FY 2024-25, the Company has made investments in two
start-ups - DaveAI and Amlgo Labs.
Al & Analytics
Immersive Tech
Mobility & Telematics
Internet of Things
AGV/AMR
Cybersec
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

External Environment
Efforts Taken
The Company is focusing on expanding horizons by
unlocking new opportunities through a multi-pronged
strategy focused on enhancing presence in several
product and market segments.
The Company has maintained its position as the largest
exporter of Passenger Vehicles (PVs) from India for four
consecutive years, commanding over 42% share in
India s PV exports. Backed by Suzuki Motor Corporation s
support in terms of equipping the Company with a best-in-
class global product portfolio, along with a strong
distribution network spread across 100 countries, the
Company continues to strengthen its competitive position
in exports.
Looking ahead, the Company aims to sustain its strong
export growth momentum and expects to more than
double export volumes from current levels. With its
1st BEV, the Company will resume exports to advanced
economies such as Europe. Exports will not only serve as
one of the enablers for achieving the Company s growth
objective but also play a pivotal role in India s emergence
as a global automotive manufacturing hub.
Further, the Company has already embarked on increasing
its consumer base in India by focusing on diversification
in terms of product segments, form factors, and
powertrain technologies.
The Company will continue to work on several cost
optimisation measures to minimise the inflationary impact
on the cost of inputs.
The Company is planning to invest over I 700 billion
towards capacity expansion, preparation of production for
new models, promoting carbon neutrality, smart factory
among others.
To manage the risks associated with the increased scale of
operations across the value chain, the Company is working
on multiple fronts.
Efforts Taken for GHG Risk Management
In the automotive sector, ~80% of lifecycle CO2e
emissions arise during the vehicle s use phase, with the
next major contributor being emissions from the upstream
value chain during manufacturing. Recognising this,
the Company has adopted a multi-pronged strategy to
maximise decarbonisation impact across both in-use and
manufacturing phases.
Central to this approach is the Company s multi-
powertrain strategy, which includes Battery Electric
Vehicles (BEVs), Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicles (SHEVs),
and alternate fuel powertrains such as Compressed
Natural Gas (CNG) and biofuels like Compressed Biogas
(CBG) and Ethanol. This diversified strategy enables the
Company to significantly reduce the average carbon
emissions of its fleet, well below the industry average,
and consistently outperform its Corporate Average Fuel
Economy (CAFE) targets.
The Company s vehicles also benefit from a lightweight
design, with an average vehicle weight ~20% lower
than the industry average. This is achieved without
compromising safety, thanks to the use of Ultra and
High Tensile steel, which reduces material usage and
energy consumption throughout the vehicle lifecycle.
These achievements are made possible through strong
technological collaboration with Suzuki Motor Corporation.
Looking ahead, the Company projects that by FY 2030-
31, its domestic passenger vehicle sales mix will
comprise: 15% BEVs, 25% Hybrids, 35% CNG/CBG and
25% Ethanol-blended fuel (Flex Fuel Vehicle and E20-
compatible internal combustion engines). The Company
will launch its first EV in 2025 and plans to introduce four
EV models by FY 2030-31.
To support its electrification goals, the Company sources
lithium-ion battery packs for Mild Hybrid vehicles from
Toshiba Denso Suzuki Gujarat Private Limited (TDSG),
India s first lithium-ion battery manufacturing facility with
cell-level localisation.
The Company s vehicles are already compatible with
ethanol blends up to 20%, and IT will launch a flex-fuel
vehicle capable of operating on ethanol blends ranging
from 20% to 85%. Biofuels and CNG will remain key to
decarbonising the entry-to-medium vehicle segment
vehicle. In the short to medium term, the Company is
also focused on reducing emissions from manufacturing.
By FY 2030-31, IT aims to source 85% of its electricity
requirements from renewable energy. To reduce carbon
emissions in logistics operations, the Company plans to
increase the share of vehicle dispatches using rail mode to
35% of total dispatches in India by FY 2030-31 compared
to 24.3% in FY 2024-25.
Despite a challenging global environment and heightened
volatility in international financial markets, the Indian
economy registered a growth of 6.5% in FY 2024-25,
over the previous year. This performance reaffirmed
India s position as the fastest-growing major economy
in the world.
This achievement reflects the effective and timely policy
interventions by the Government of India and the Reserve
Bank of India (RBI), aimed at sustaining economic
momentum and ensuring macroeconomic stability.
Looking ahead, the RBI has projected India s GDP to grow
by 6.5% in FY 2025-26.
India s Passenger Vehicle (PV) market registered its
highest-ever volume in FY 2024-25; however, the growth
rate moderated sharply to 2.3% over FY 2023-24.
IT is pertinent to note that historically, Passenger Vehicle
sales grew nearly 1.5 times the GDP growth, but despite
a 6.5% GDP growth in FY 2024-25, PV sales remained
nearly flat. A key concern is declining participation from
first-time buyers, primarily due to affordability challenges.
Car penetration in India remains low - only ~30 per
1,000 people - yet car purchases are increasingly driven
by replacement or additional demand from higher-income
households. Over 88% of households are excluded from
access to safer transport, reflecting a critical gap in social
equity. Even in FY 2025-26, India s PV industry is expected
to post lower growth. Besides, geopolitical tension and
increasing protectionism are leading to uncertainty
in terms of cost, supply of components and logistics.
Going forward, the country has set an ambitious goal
of becoming a developed nation (Viksit Bharat) by
2047. The automobile industry is a very large part of the
manufacturing sector and has both a responsibility and
an opportunity towards this growth. The Company, being
the largest passenger vehicle manufacturer, will continue
to partner with India and play its part in India s journey
towards Viksit Bharat.
Economic Conditions
Driven by climate change, the Indian auto industry is at the
cusp of a major transition towards a low-carbon society.
This transition poses significant risks but, at the same
time, offers unique opportunities as well. The economic
and societal cost of transition towards a low-carbon world
is significantly higher. Especially for a developing country
like India, with per capita income less than 10% of that in
European countries, the transition to a low-carbon society
offers numerous challenges and affordability-related
issues in particular. Therefore, the technological path for
decarbonisation will be unique to a country, depending on
its resource endowment and socio-economic conditions.
To overcome the challenges and at the same time
maximise the decarbonisation of India s passenger
vehicles industry, multiple technologies covering each
sub-segment of passenger vehicles, such as entry,
mid and large vehicles, will be required. Therefore, in
addition to electric vehicles, multiple carbon reduction
technologies such as hybrids, CNG, and biofuels (ethanol,
compressed biogas) will maximise decarbonisation
objectives and create shared value. This approach would
boost local economies and minimise societal issues like
urban air pollution.
Climate Change
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Efforts Taken
The Company recognises that access to advanced
technology is fundamental to meeting increasingly
stringent regulatory requirements. With continued
technological support from SMC, the Company has been
able to maintain robust compliance across its operations.
To further strengthen its capabilities, the Company has
established state-of-the-art testing facilities in Rohtak.
These facilities are expected to optimise the product
development cycle, enabling timely regulatory approvals
and enhancing operational efficiency.
In alignment with its commitment to sustainability and
innovation, the Company is actively pursuing multiple
powertrain technologies. This approach is designed to
deliver carbon reduction solutions that are tailored to
the needs of Indian consumers, thereby contributing
meaningfully to national environmental objectives.
In FY 2024-25, the Company made significant
strides in enhancing vehicle safety, well ahead of
mandated regulatory timelines. Backed by strong
technical support from SMC, the Company introduced
advanced safety features across its product portfolio,
reinforcing its commitment to customer well-being and
regulatory excellence.
Notably, the Company remains the only automaker in
India to offer ESC and six airbags as standard across
a wide range of vehicles - from entry-level hatchbacks
to premium SUVs - underscoring its leadership in
democratising safety.
Refer to the efforts taken section in the climate change
section on page 87 and the Product safety section on
page 74.
World-over-the automobile industry is witnessing a once-in-a-century kind of transformation. Accordingly, the
regulatory environment in India is shaping up.
India s PV market is the third-largest in the world.
With the continued expansion of the Indian economy,
the country is emerging as an important market for
global and domestic automotive players to compete and
innovate. The competitive landscape is expected to evolve
significantly in the coming years.
Importantly, the Company believes that a changing
competitive landscape ultimately benefits customers -
driving innovation, improving product offerings, and
enhancing overall value. This belief continues to guide
the Company s strategic investments and product
development efforts.
Efforts Taken
As a key subsidiary of Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC),
the Company continues to benefit from strong strategic
alignment and technological collaboration. SMC remains
committed to ensuring the Company s competitiveness
and agility across manufacturing, technology and market
responsiveness. Access to next-generation technologies
from SMC is instrumental in maintaining the Company s
leadership position in a rapidly evolving industry landscape.
Leveraging nearly four decades of experience in the Indian
automobile market, the Company is well-positioned to
make informed and timely decisions. This deep market
understanding, combined with a strong brand presence,
has enabled the Company to build a sustainable
competitive advantage - one that will continue to create
long-term value.
India s robust manufacturing ecosystem and cost efficiency
further enhance its potential as a global export hub.
The Company is already the leading exporter of passenger
vehicles from India and is focused on expanding its export
footprint. This strategic growth in exports is expected
to deliver scale benefits and reinforce the Company s
competitive position in both domestic and export markets.
Indian automobile market is witnessing a pronounced shift
in consumer preference towards Sports Utility Vehicles
(SUVs), with the segment contributing to over 50% of total
passenger vehicle sales.
In today s digitally connected world, customer expectations
are evolving rapidly. New-age buyers seek premium styling,
advanced technology, enhanced comfort and convenience,
and connected features. Additionally, there is a noticeable
increase in demand for larger and more premium vehicles,
reflecting a shift in consumer aspirations.
The preference for CNG-powered vehicles is also gaining
momentum, driven by the rapid expansion of the CNG
refuelling network and the Government s commitment to
further strengthening this infrastructure. This is expected
to significantly boost demand for CNG vehicles in the
coming years.
The automotive industry is undergoing transformative
changes, influenced not only by regulatory developments
but also by emerging technologies. Global markets are
already experiencing the impact of CASE (Connected,
Autonomous, Shared, and Electric) technologies, and this
trend is steadily gaining traction in India. The Company
remains focused on anticipating these shifts and aligning
its product strategy to meet the evolving needs of
Indian consumers.
Efforts Taken
The Company was founded with a vision to put India on
wheels, and since its inception, has focused on developing
products tailored to the unique needs of Indian consumers.
Its deep understanding of both stated and unstated
customer expectations, combined with a customer-centric
approach to decision-making, has led to widespread
acceptance and trust in its products.
With Suzuki Motor Corporation's robust technological
support, the Company has greatly enhanced its offerings
in product, powertrain, and advanced technologies.
In addition to its electric SUV e VITARA, the Company
will introduce another SUV in FY 2025-26. Going forward,
the Company is working towards introducing more
SUV models.
In line with customer preference, the Company is
expanding features and technologies in its offerings.
The Company is enhancing comfort and convenience
by introducing advanced features such as next-gen
telematics (Suzuki Connect), Head Up Display, 360 view
camera, sunroof, ventilated seats, powered tailgate,
9-inch infotainment system, TPMS, full digital instrument
cluster and wireless charger.
In its upcoming BEV, the Company provides Level-2
ADAS features along with innovative additions like a
Digital Cockpit with integrated display, Twin-Deck Floating
Console, 10-way power adjustable driver seat, sliding and
reclining rear seats, and premium Infinity by Harman
sound system.
Keeping in mind the varied customer preferences,
the Company offers a range of Automatic Transmission
technologies - from Auto Gear Shift to 6-speed AT with
paddle shifters and e-CVT. With the Company offering
factory-fitted S-CNG technology for several products,
the increasing CNG network nationwide will help IT
improve sales.
The Company increased its social listening efforts
by investing in digital marketing to meet customers'
requirements in this digital era.
Regulatory Landscape
External Environment
Changing Customer Preferences
Competitive Landscape
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Stakeholder Engagement
The Company s collaborative
approach is crucial to its prominence
in the Indian automobile industry.
IT regularly engages with internal and
external stakeholder groups, which are
identified based on their association
with the Company and their influence
on its value-creation process.
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Managing Director s communication meeting with mid-level managers and above on business performance,
developments in external environment and business priorities
Quarterly
Divisional communication meetings on business performance and developments
Monthly
Managing Director s meeting with union representatives
Monthly
Plant and functional heads interactions with workers
Monthly
Coffee with HR to engage employees on HR policies and initiatives
Bi-monthly
MS Xpress - Survey to understand employees needs and gauge their satisfaction levels
Bi-annual
#NoFilter to engage employees on HR policies and initiatives
Monthly
Suggestion schemes, quality circles and safety circles
Ongoing
Family Connect activities (family meets, factory visits, sports events, children and parental counselling)
Ongoing
Safety Month - A month-long engagement activity, including the families of employees, to sensitise, educate and
share best practices related to occupational safety
Annual
Environment Month - A month-long engagement activity to sensitise, educate and reinforce Reduce, Reuse,
Recycle (3R) practices
Annual
National Road Safety Month - A month-long engagement activity to sensitise, educate and reinforce responsible
driving behaviour and defensive driving
Annual
Compliance Month - A month-long engagement activity to sensitise, educate and reinforce the belief that
Compliance is an integral part of working at Maruti Suzuki
Annual
Amber - Chief Listening Officer - A chatbot to empathetically listen, analyse, and act on employee concerns at scale
Ongoing
Stay and exit interviews
Ongoing
Stakeholder Engagement Channels
Employees
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
NO
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Maruti Suzuki Suppliers Welfare Association (MSSWA) - A forum for suppliers to interact with the Company s
top management
Ongoing
Quality Month - A month long engagement activity to enhance quality consciousness among suppliers
Annual
Quality communication meet
Ongoing
Value Analysis and Value Engineering (VA-VE) programme to achieve cost competitiveness by collaborating
with suppliers
Ongoing
Vendor conference - Strategy meet at the start of the year with the Company s top management
Annual
Comprehensive Excellence Programme to upgrade supplier capabilities
Ongoing
Vendor HR meet to sensitise supplier CEOs on HR topics
Ongoing
Compliance Month - A month-long engagement activity to sensitise, educate and reinforce the belief that
Compliance is an integral part of doing business with Maruti Suzuki
Annual
Awareness session and assessment for adherence to Substances of Concern (SOC) restriction (as per MSIL Green
Procurement Guidelines)
Ongoing
System improvement programme for supplier s manufacturing facilities
Ongoing
Skill development of supplier's shop floor manpower
Ongoing
Assessment of Cybersecurity posture of MSIL parts suppliers
Monthly
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Gauging customers perception on products and brands through customer clinics and research
Ongoing
Social media listening and engagement
Ongoing
Initial quality survey to understand customer perceptions on product quality
Ongoing
Customer meets and surveys to gauge customer satisfaction levels
Ongoing
Mega service camps to understand and resolve customer concerns
Ongoing
Customer care cell for 24x7 customer support
Ongoing
Suppliers
Customers
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
NO
NO
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Annual general meeting
Annual
Press releases and e-mails
Ongoing
Investor interactions
Ongoing
Shareholders
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
NO
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Dealer conference - Strategy meets at the start of the year with the Company s top management
Half-yearly
Lakshya - A dealer forum to understand operational issues
Bi-annual
'Gati' - New Dealer Orientation Programme
Ongoing
Guidance on business and financial matters
Ongoing
Disha - An engagement to handhold and groom new dealer partners
Ongoing
Junoon - An engagement with second-generation dealer partners
Half-yearly
Quality communication meet
Ongoing
Compliance Month - A month-long engagement activity to sensitise, educate and reinforce the belief that
Compliance is an integral part of doing business with Maruti Suzuki
Annual
Dealers
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
NO
Dependence
Stakeholders who are dependent on
the Company s activities, products or
services and on whom the Company is
dependent for its operations
Responsibility
Stakeholders towards whom the
Company has legal, commercial
and moral responsibilities
Influence
Stakeholders who can
impact the Company s
decision-making ability
Apart from this, the Company engages with its stakeholders to
identify material issues that are both operational (short-term)
and strategic (long-term). Such engagement aims to identify
material issues that could impact the Company s economic,
social, and environmental performance.
By continually engaging with stakeholders on issues of
mutual interest, the Company ensures protection and value
creation across all capitals. The feedback received through
various engagement channels helps the Company gauge
stakeholders views and concerns and subsequently devise
suitable action plans.
Stakeholder Identification
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
Health and well-being
Capability development
Career development and progression
Maintaining cordial industrial relations
Digitalisation of business processes/Virtual training
Social security measures
Welfare measures
Flexible work environment
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified during the Engagement
Employees
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
Superior products and technologies at attractive prices
More digitalisation for convenient and hassle-free sales and service processes
Increased product offerings in the SUV segment
Easy vehicle financing options
Expansion of CNG fuel outlets across the country
Customers
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
Choice of future powertrain strategy of the Company
Plan to use the excess cash on the books of the Company
Strengthening the Company s product offerings in the SUV segment
Page 5, 245
Shareholders and investors
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Consultation with local residents around manufacturing locations on community development needs
Ongoing
Local Community
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
NO
Engagement Activities
Engagement
Frequency
Participation in committees set up by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, the Government, and Trade
Associations on policy and regulations
Ongoing
Government and Regulatory Authorities
Identified as Vulnerable and Marginalised Groups
NO
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
Strengthening the product line-up in SUVs
Page 5, 245
Digitalisation of sales and service business processes
Skill development of dealer sales and service personnel
Grooming of second-generation dealer partners
Dealers
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
Maintaining business continuity
Grooming the suppliers to be future ready - ESG practices, fast-tracking local design and
development, location of new technology components, and risk management
A digital knowledge management portal to create a compendium of best practices
Improving the capability of supply chain, safety practices, quality management, and
managing industrial labour relations
Skill development for employees of supplier partners
Suppliers
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
To improve health and sanitation facilities
To ensure potable water availability
To improve school infrastructure
Local Community
Important Stakeholder Queries, Needs and Expectations Identified
The Company s Response to Stakeholders
Needs and Expectations
Reduce the carbon footprint of the fleet
Improve vehicle safety
Improve cybersecurity
Improve road safety to prevent fatalities in road accidents
Make in India - Enhance value addition and generate more local jobs
Page 56, 231
Skill India - Skill development to create better livelihood and employment opportunities
Start-up India - Encourage entrepreneurship in India
Water conservation
Government and Regulatory Authorities
Stakeholder Engagement
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Material Topics
Through stakeholder engagement activities and changes
in the external operating environment, the Company has
identified the topics that are material to its business and
stakeholders. During the reporting period, the list of material
topics presented in the Annual Integrated Report 2023-24
was revalidated through internal stakeholder consultations,
which considered the views and opinions expressed by
internal and external stakeholders.
Stakeholder Groups
Government
and Regulatory
Authorities
Customers
Employees
Suppliers
Organisation
Shareholders
Dealers
Local
Community
Economic
Environment
Social
Governance
Importance to the Company
High
High
Extremely High
Extremely High
Importance to the Stakeholders
Cybersecurity 5 1
Personal Data Security 1 2 3 5
Sustainable Supply Chain 4 5
Skill Development 1 5 4
Product and Process Emissions Reduction 5 1
Product Safety and Quality 5 2 1 4
Economic Performance 6 5 3 4 7 2 1
Business Continuity 6 5 4 7 3
Effective and Efficient Use of Natural Resources 5 4 7
Innovation and Digitalisation 2 3 7
People Development 3 4 7
Road Safety 5 1
Water Use and Recycling 5 1 7
Respect for Human Rights 5 4
Occupational Health and Safety 5 3 4
Industrial Waste Management 4 5
End-of-life Vehicle Management 4 5 7 1
Employment Practices 3 5
Industrial Labour Relations 5 4
Corporate Governance 5 6 1
Community Development 5 8
The identified material issues were analysed and prioritised
based on its importance for the organisation and its
stakeholders. The material issues significant to the Company
and its stakeholders were identified and suitably incorporated
in the Company s plan. The material topics presented here also
contain certain focus areas. These focus areas do not have
any adverse impacts so far, but as a responsible corporate,
the Company places utmost importance and allocates
resources to contribute positively to all its stakeholders.
Material Topics
Per the IIRC framework, based on which this report has been
prepared, an organisation's resources and relationships are
collectively referred to as capitals. They are categorised
as financial, manufactured, intellectual, human, social and
relationship, and natural capitals. During the preparation of
this report, each material topic is mapped against the capitals
in order to showcase a cause-and-effect relationship.
The United Nations SDGs are part of an ambitious global plan
to end poverty, protect the planet, promote prosperity and
ensure peace for all. The Company strives to align its business
activities to the SDGs and contribute to its fulfilment. As a first
step, the Company mapped the material topics to the SDGs to
understand the goals to which IT can best contribute. During
this exercise, careful consideration has been given to align the
Company's business activities with the applicable goals.
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
Alignment with
the UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Optimising energy use across the
value chain and reducing emissions
from products
Ensuring compliance in a rapidly
evolving regulatory landscape
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

Reducing carbon footprint of the fleet
(Page 247)
Carbon reduction Technologies
(Page 30)
Environment performance (Page 60-69)
GHG Risk management
(Page 87
Product and Process Emission Reduction
Financial Capital
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
Alignment with
the UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Focusing on designing and
manufacturing safe vehicles
Complying with evolving regulations
on vehicle safety
Institutionalising a zero defect
philosophy across the value chain,
in the face of increasing scale and
complexity of business, to build
reliable and safer vehicles
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

Safety Technologies (Page 34, 74)
Safety of Vehicles (Page 74)
Quality Assurance (Page 238)
Product Safety and Quality
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
Alignment with
the UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Creating economic value in the
short-, medium- and long-term
for all stakeholders
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

Economic Performance (Page 56-59)
Way Forward (Page 102)
Economic Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Mitigating risk of disruption in the
value chain
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

Risk Management (Page 100)
Management Discussion and
Analysis (Page 254)
Business Continuity
Material Topics
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Improving 3R practices in
manufacturing activities and
packaging across the value chain
Optimising consumption of
raw materials
Eliminating the use of non-
biodegradable products
in packaging
MSIL
and Suppliers

Environmental Performance
(Page 68)
Conservation of
Natural Resources and
Environmental Protection
(Page 68-69, 236)
Effective and Efficient Use of Natural Resources
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Co-creating technological and
process innovations with start-ups
Increasing the use of digital
technologies and digitalisation
of processes in line with evolving
customer needs
MSIL
and Dealers

Value Creation Process (Page 54)
Digitalisation and Innovation
(Page 82)
Maruti Suzuki Innovation
Programme (Page 83)
Digitalisation and Innovation
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Augmenting the competencies and
skills of employees
Developing an industry-ready
workforce and minimising the
skill gap
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

People Practices (Page 123)
Social Performance (Page 71)
Learning and Development
(Page 136-137)
People Development
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Contributing to social issues
relevant to the automobile sector
MSIL

Road Safety (Page 153-155)
Road Safety
Financial Capital
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Embracing water stewardship
across the value chain to prevent
degradation and meet resource
requirements in the face of
increasing water stress
MSIL

Environment Performance
(Page 70)
Water Management (Page 115)
Zero Liquid Discharge (Page 116)
Water Use and Recycling
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Promoting safety, employee well-
being and workplace ergonomics
Institutionalising a zero
accident philosophy
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

Occupational Health and Safety
(Page 71-72)
Social Performance (Page 77)
Safety Assessment Across Value
Chain (Page 75)
Occupational Health and Safety
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Ensuring responsible management
and disposal of hazardous waste
Ensuring optimal resource
recovery from waste by improving
3R practices and promoting
industry symbiosis
MSIL

Waste Management (Page 68-69)
Industrial Waste Management
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Continuing best practices on
end-of-life vehicle management
to contribute towards a
circular economy
MSIL
and Suppliers

End-of-Life Vehicle Management
(Page 121)
End-of-Life Vehicle Management
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Striving to become an employer
of choice
MSIL

People Practices (Page 123)
Social Performance (Page 76, 77)
Employment Practices
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Striving to achieve a happy,
harmonious and safe work culture
and ensure operational continuity
MSIL
and Suppliers

Industrial Relations Environment
(Page 243)
Industrial and Labour Relations
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Promoting shareholder trust
Ensuring the highest standards
of business ethics transparency,
and accountability
MSIL

Governance (Page 156)
Corporate Governance
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Maintaining the social licence
to operate
Contributing to national
developmental priorities
MSIL

Community Development
(Page 141)
Community Development
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Securing the Company s
confidential information for
business continuity
MSIL

Risk Management (Page 255)
Cybersecurity
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Protecting the personal information
of employees, customers and
other stakeholders
MSIL
Risk management (Page 101)
Personal Data Privacy
Financial Capital
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Mitigating operational and
reputational risks resulting from
suppliers non-compliance
Minimising the environmental and
social footprint of products
MSIL
and Suppliers

ESG performance in
Supply Chain
(Page 249)
Skill Development Projects
(Page 149)
Sustainable Supply Chain
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Enhancing the employability of the
youth by imparting the skill sets
required within the industry
Partnering with the Government in
its Skill India mission
MSIL

Skill Development Projects
(Page 149)
Skill Development
Boundary
Associated
Capitals
UN SDGs
Location in the Report
Continuing socially responsible
business practices
Mitigating business disruption risks
MSIL, Suppliers
and Dealers

Contribution to the SDGs
(Page 106)
Social Performance (Page 249)
Respect for Human Rights
Material Topics
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Risk of Supply Disruption Due to Natural and Human-Made Disasters
Mitigation Measures

Maintaining close communication with suppliers

Alternate suppliers

Enhanced focus on localisation

Temporary increase in the inventory of
components

Use of advance technologies for prevention and
quick suppression of fire
Related Material Topics
Sustainable Supply Chain
Business Continuity
Occupational Health and Safety
Industrial Labour Relations
Risks Associated with Increased Scale of Operations
Mitigation Measures

The Company is significantly expanding its
manufacturing capacity.

To support this growth, resources such as human
capital, financial capital and expertise will need
to increase significantly, while decision-making
timeframes must decrease

Stakeholder partners, including suppliers, dealers,
and transporters, will need to scale up operations
aligned with the Company s expansion plans

Collaborate with stakeholders to anticipate
challenges associated with rapid scaling and
manage increased operational scale effectively

A dedicated organisation has been established to
achieve the goals set for FY 2030-31
Related Material Topics
Economic Performance
Innovation and Digitalisation
People Development
Sustainable Supply Chain

Digitalisation is leveraged to enhance
data-driven decision-making for managing
increased operational scale effectively
Risk Related to Existing and Upcoming Regulations Resulting in Any Liability or
Loss of Customer Confidence and Reputation (Other than Product Regulations)
Mitigation Measures

The Company is compliant with all the applicable
statutory compliances. However, given the multi-
dimensional and dynamic regulatory landscape
coupled with the increase in scale of business,
IT is important for the Company to continuously
strengthen its systems, processes in place for
remaining compliant
Related Material Topic
Corporate Governance

Therefore, for effective compliance
management, the existing IT-enabled
controls are being continuously
strengthened by incorporating early
warning systems and real-time tracking
mechanisms to capture the new
compliance requirements and ensure
timely compliance
Safeguarding Consumer and Personal Data
Mitigation Measure

Policies, governance structure and technological solutions are strengthened to safeguard the
consumer and personal data
Related Material Topic
Personal Data Security
Guarding Confidential Information and IT Systems
Mitigation Measures

Establishment of a Security Operations Centre
(SOC) to detect IT security incidents

Implementation of sandboxing technology
to ensure proactive malware detection and
containment

Periodic vulnerability assessment and
penetration testing
Related Material Topic
Cybersecurity

Use of data leak prevention and information
rights management

Regular user awareness programmes to
sensitise users on phishing attacks
Strengthening the Capacity and Capability for Future Product Development
Mitigation Measures

Skilling employees on new and advanced
technologies
Related Material Topics
People Development
Employment Practices
Risk Management
The Company understands that effective risk management is critical in meeting its strategic objectives and achieving
sustainable growth. IT has a structured risk management process, which is overseen by the Risk Management
Committee. This Committee monitors and reviews the Company s risk management plan as per relevant provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, and Listing Regulations. Accountability for the mitigation of each risk is assigned to the
identified risk owners.
The Company applied the net risk principle to determine its risks. The top management monitors mitigation measures to
counter these risks. If the following risks manifest, they have negative implications.

Undertaking measures to motivate and
retain talent
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Key Measures
Material Topics
Extending product portfolio by bringing in aspirational, environment-friendly, and safer products
with support from Suzuki Motor Corporation
Scaling up the manufacturing capacity significantly
Increasing SUV and BEV product line-up
Introducing Battery Electric Vehicles in the Indian market in FY 2025-26
Introducing Ethanol Flex Fuel Vehicle and explore the use of Compressed BioGas (CBG)
Increasing SHEV product line-up
Expanding CNG product line-up
Enhancing the focus on digital marketing and targeted marketing techniques
Expanding warehouses and part distribution centres for quick availability of aftermarket parts
Expanding the network to be nearer to the customers and tapping new market opportunities
Scaling up the pre-owned car business
Contributing to the Government of India s flagship Make in India initiative, increasing exports
Partnering with start-ups to co-create technological solutions to improve customer convenience
Economic Performance
Products and Process
Emission Reduction
Product Safety and Quality
Innovation and Digitalisation
Financial benefit

Business Development
Key Measures
Material Topics
Pursuing multiple carbon footprint-reduction technologies for maximising carbon footprint
reduction of the fleet and enhancing the energy security of the country. With robust technological
support from the Suzuki Motor Corporation, the Company plans to achieve the following
powertrain mix by FY 2030-31: Share of annual sales from Battery Electric Vehicles - 15%,
Hybrid Vehicles - 25%, CNG - 35%, Ethanol-blended fuel (Flex-fuel Vehicle, ICE vehicle
compatible with E20) - 25%
Managing regulatory compliances with support from SMC
Introducing new-age technologies with support from SMC
Pursuing Industry 4.0 to continuously improve product quality
Using data analytics for effective and efficient decision-making
Product and Process
Emissions Reduction
Product Safety and Quality
Innovation and Digitalisation
Financial benefit

Technology
Key Measures
Material Topics
Focusing continually on cost optimisation programmes such as localisation, value analysis and
value engineering, among others
Continue to focus on flagship employee suggestion scheme Sujhav Sangrehika to optimise
costs and improve resource usage efficiency
Partnering with start-ups to co-create technological solutions that improve productivity and
increase operational efficiency of business processes
Economic Performance
Innovation and Digitalisation
Financial benefit

Cost Competitiveness
Key Measures
Material Topics
Enhancing capabilities for designing, developing and testing new models
Building capabilities and progressing careers
Capability building of supplier and dealer workforce
Increasing the use of digital training platforms across the value chain
Creating a talent pool in sync with the increasing scale of business
Developing an industry-ready workforce and minimising the skill gap
People Development
Skill Development
Innovation and Digitalisation
Product Safety and Quality
Product and Process Emissions Reduction
Financial benefit

Capability Building
Key Measures
Material Topics
Focusing on ensuring business continuity
Undertaking a comprehensive excellence programme for suppliers in areas of safety, quality, HR,
financial health, and compliance
Acquiring and retaining talent
Undertaking mitigation measures to effectively and efficiently manage the increased scale
of operations
Managing risks related to cybersecurity and data security
Business Continuity
Cybersecurity
Personal Data Security
Economic Performance
People Development
Innovation and Digitalisation
Risk Management
Key Measures
Material Topics
Adopting measures for energy conservation and emissions reduction
Increasing the use of renewable energy for manufacturing cars by expanding capacity of captive
solar power generation to 319 MWp by FY 2030-31 and procuring green power from external
sources to reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon dioxide emissions
Ensuring the materials used in the products are 85% recyclable
Monitoring and controlling the usage of Substances of Concern (SoC) through the IMDS
Scaling up vehicle scrappage facility to handle end-of-life vehicles and promote circularity
Promoting the 3R principle and waste management techniques across the value chain for
effective and efficient use of natural resources
Increasing the use of eco-friendly modes of vehicle dispatch like railway logistics
Increasing water recycling and undertaking water conservation measures across the value chain
Establishing a green supply chain
Undertaking measures to continuously improve occupational and non-occupational health
and safety
Undertaking social security measures and welfare schemes for employees
Maintaining cordial industrial labour relations
Undertaking road safety initiatives
Pursuing community development measures in the areas of water, health and hygiene,
and education
Contributing to the Government of India s 'Skill-India' mission to upskill youth seeking
gainful employment
Strengthening internal control measures amidst increasing complexities due to the growing scale
of the business
Focusing on business conduct and ethics
Product and Process
Emissions Reduction
Effective and Efficient Use of
Natural Resources
End-of-Life
Vehicle Management
Industrial Waste Management
Water Use and Recycling
Employment Practices
Occupational Health
and Safety
Road Safety
Corporate Governance
Community Development
Industrial Labour Relations
Respecting Human Rights
Financial benefit

Sustainable Practices (ESG Measures)
Positive
Way Forward
The following are the few measures the Company took to strengthen its position in the market for sustainable
value creation.
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Alignment with Sustainable
Development Goals
Ensure healthy lives and promote
well-being for all at all ages
Ensure inclusive, equitable and
quality education and promote
lifelong learning opportunities for all
Initiatives to Improve Road Safety
Road Safety Education

Imparting quality driving training and education.

Over 328,000 people were trained across 8 Institutes
of Driving and Traffic Research and 23 Road Safety
Knowledge Centres in association with 6 State
Governments. Over 5.1 million people have been trained
in the last 24 years.

The Company has deployed its First-Responder Training
(FRT) modules, up-skilling around 21,000 bus, truck and
cab drivers to deliver first aid in the golden hour . Also,
the Company donated two ambulances to Government
authorities of Haryana helping in rapid-response during
the accidents.
Automated Driving Test Track (ADTT)
In partnership with the Transport Departments of Delhi,
Uttarakhand, Bihar, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Jammu.
The Company has set up 45 automated ADTTs until now, of
which 17 are located in Uttar Pradesh, 14 in Delhi, 7 in Bihar,
4 in Uttarakhand, 2 in Haryana, and 1 in Jammu.
IT uses computer vision systems and AI-based technology to
issue driving licences in a transparent and efficient manner.
The Company in collaboration with Microsoft Research
India has developed a smartphone-based technology
for evaluating applicants seeking driving licences.
The technology - HAMS (Harnessing Auto Mobile for
Safety) - has been deployed at 8 ADTTs of which 4 are in
Uttarakhand, 2 in Haryana, and 2 in Bihar, in association with
the Transport Departments of respective Governments.
Initiatives for Health and Well-being
For the Community

In partnership with the philanthropic arm of the Zydus
Group of Hospitals, Ahmedabad, the Company had
set up a multi-speciality hospital in Sitapur, Gujarat in
2021, as a part of our CSR programme. Over 125,000
people from 400 nearby villages have availed healthcare
services from this hospital so far. To improve the
speciality services in cardiology, the Company set up
a catheterisation facility in 2023, to provide advanced
cardiac care, such as angioplasty. The hospital also
offers advanced OrthoCare services such as total hip
replacement and knee replacement.

Anaemia reduction project in Gurugram and Rohtak
region benefitting around 20,000 women and children.

Over 3,100 hours of employee-volunteering as a part of
programme, e-Parivartan covering activities like blood
donation drives, sapling plantations, engaging with old
age homes, orphaned children, wheelchair assembly
and donation.
For Employees

The Company takes care of its employees health even
after their superannuation through a flagship post-
retirement medical benefit scheme. MSIL is the first
in the industry to provide such a healthcare scheme.
This social security measure also covers the spouse of the
employee. Over 1,140 employees, including their
spouses have benefitted from this scheme.

The medi-care benefit scheme provided to employees
during their employment covers, spouses, dependent
children, and parents. 12,200+ employees and their
families benefitted from the medi-care scheme in

Over 13,600 employees and their spouses benefitted
under periodic health checkup scheme.
Improving Primary Education

The Company has set up a school in Sitapur, Gujarat, in
partnership with Podar Education Network. Its primary
wing has been made operational from April 2021.
620 children from nearby local communities are studying
in the school.
Ensure availability and sustainable
management of water and
sanitation for all
Providing Vocational Training to Youth

The Company supports 137 Industrial Training Institutes
(ITIs) nationwide to impart vocational training to over
18,000 students.

The Company installed high voltage (EVs and Hybrids)
training equipment in 130 ITIs. Through this facility,
around 2,700 students were trained in FY 2024-25.

The Company also started three Japan-India Institutes
for Manufacturing (JIM) - two in Gujarat and the other in
Haryana. These institutes are the result of a collaboration
between the governments of Japan and India to create
a skilled workforce pool for the Indian manufacturing
industry. The Company is in process of setting up its
4th JIM, which would be located in Haryana.

The Company supported 3,400 apprentices by providing
a monthly stipend and improving their employability by
having them work on shop floors.
Water Stewardship Initiatives

The Company s manufacturing facilities employ zero
liquid discharge techniques to maximise water recycling
and reduce the uptake of freshwater in manufacturing
processes.

100% of waste water is recycled and nearly two-thirds of
water requirement was meet through recycling.

Zero use of groundwater and reducing freshwater
requirement by utilising rainwater. The rainwater storage
capacity in Kharkhoda plant is 313,100 m3. Use of
dry-wash technology to clean cars at the workshops
saved 1,300 million litres of water in FY 2024-25.
Achieve gender equality and
empower all women and girls

The Company promotes gender diversity and provides equal
opportunity to all. Various welfare measures are taken to
support and encourage the Company s female employees.

The Company has employed over 1,100 women in its
workforce in FY 2024-25. Going forward, the Company
will continue working towards measures to continuously
improve its gender diversity.
Page 76, 245
Ensure access to affordable,
reliable, sustainable and modern
energy for all

The Company is increasing the use of solar energy in
manufacturing of vehicles. The installed capacity of solar
power will increase to 319 MWp by FY 2030-31 from the
existing capacity of 78.2 MWp.

Promoting the use of solar power in the supply chain:

Several Tier-1 suppliers of the Company use solar
power. The combined installed capacity of solar power
generation available with Tier-1 suppliers increased
to over 460 MWp in FY 2024-25, from 290 MWp in

94 Dealer service workshops accounting to 5% of the
total service load are powered through Rooftop Solar.

The Company promotes usage of Effluent Treatment
Plants among direct and indirect suppliers to increase
water reuse.
Making Potable Water Available in
Local Communities
The Company has set up 28 water ATMs across 25
villages at an affordable price, as part of CSR. Over 37,000
households within the local communities are benefitting
through this initiative.
Improving Hygiene and Sanitation in
Local Communities
4,520 individual household toilets constructed to make
the villages open defecation free.
Promote constant, inclusive and
sustainable economic growth, full
and productive employment and
decent work for all
Promoting Inclusive, Equitable, Fair
Employment Practices

Implementing fair employment practices as part of the
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics policy.

Ensuring fair and equitable remuneration practices with
the industry's best employee compensation scheme and
welfare measures.
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Build resilient infrastructure,
promote inclusive and sustainable
industrialisation and foster
Innovation

Respect for the right to form unions, right to freedom
of association and collective bargaining upheld through
cordial industrial relations and a regular two-way
dialogue between unions and the management.

Robust Occupational Health and Safety Management
Systems implemented in conjunction with a multi-tiered
safety governance system.

The Company promotes robust Occupational Health and
Safety Management Systems among Tier-1 suppliers.
As of 31st March 2025, 95% of domestic Tier-1 Original
Equipment suppliers (by value) have implemented ISO
45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management
Systems) at their manufacturing facilities.

The Company takes measures to respect human
rights at the workplace, and promotes fair employment
practices among suppliers. According to the Company s
Basic Purchase Agreement with suppliers, IT is
mandatory for suppliers to abide by the following rules
and regulations:

No child labour should be engaged by the Supplier for
carrying out its operations.

Supplier shall form and implement a suitable policy
to prevent the instances of sexual harassment at
workplace.

Supplier shall ensure a safe and secure work
environment in all its workshops, showrooms and office
premises to prevent any loss to employees.
Creating Livelihood Opportunities
for the Youth

The Company aligns with the Government of India s
Skill India mission for skill development in
the country.

The Company, in association with the National Council
of Vocational Training under the Ministry of Skill
Development and Entrepreneurship, offers a scheme
named Learn and Earn , specially designed to provide
on-the-job training and stipends to students during
their 24-month training period. In order to increase the
uptake for this programme, supplier partners are also
inducting students. On successful completion of the
24-month training period, a vocational training certificate
is provided by the Government, which can be used
by the student trainees to secure gainful employment.
In FY 2024-25, over 4,400 student trainees benefitted,
and since inception of this scheme, nearly 23,000
students have benefitted.
Passenger car manufacturing has a long supply chain
thereby creating significant employment opportunities
across the supply chain. The Company has played a key
role in setting up automobile manufacturing ecosystem in
the country. With a high level of localisation, the Company
continues to contribute to the growth of manufacturing
sector of the economy.
The Company has a Robust R&D infrastructure with state-of-
the-art testing facility situated in Rohtak.
The Company aligns with the Government of India s
Start-up India and Digital India initiatives to promote
entrepreneurship in the country. The Company's innovation
programmes include Incubation , Accelerator , Mobility
Challenge , Nurture , 'FundRays', 'Intrapreneurship
Challenge', 'Innovation Fund' to engage with start-ups at
different levels of maturity. Under the innovation programme,
the Company has screened over 5,300 start-ups so far, of
which 157 start-ups were engaged, and 27 start-ups were
onboarded as a business partner with the Company.
Reduce inequality within and
among countries
As mentioned in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
policy, the Company is committed to respecting and valuing
diversity in the workforce and providing equal opportunities
to employees.
Make cities and human settlements
inclusive, safe, resilient and
sustainable
Take urgent action to combat
climate change and its impacts
Housing Scheme for Employees
Since 1989, the Company has been supporting employees in
owning a house. Recently, the Company launched a housing
project in Dharuhera. This housing scheme is also aligned
with the Government of India s affordable housing project,
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana. The project was facilitated by
the Company and 289 employees have benefitted from the
project so far.
Home Loan Interest Subsidy for Employees
Buying Affordable Homes
In another employee-friendly initiative, the Company extends
home loans at a subsidised rate of interest to employees for
buying affordable homes. So far, over 10,600 employees
have benefitted from this scheme.
Safe, Affordable, Accessible and Sustainable
Transport Systems
With technological support from the Suzuki Motor
Corporation (SMC), the Company manufactures eco-friendly,
innovative, safe, and affordable products and technologies.
With SMC s support, the Company is offering multiple
carbon reduction technologies such as Strong Hybrid
technology, S-CNG technology and highly fuel-efficient
internal combustion engines. In FY 2025-26, the Company
will introduce its first Battery Electric Vehicle.
The Company s average weight of the cars sold in India
is about 20% lower than that of the industry. This holistic
approach ensures that the Company is using fewer materials,
leading to lesser energy requirement and Greenhouse Gas
emissions both in manufacturing and in-use. Thus, providing
affordable and sustainable transport for all.
In order to reduce carbon emissions during the dispatch
of finished vehicles to dealerships across the country, the
Company is increasingly using rail transport, consequently
avoiding ~1.8 lakh MT of CO2 emission in in FY 2024-25.
To reduce carbon dioxide emissions in manufacturing
operations, the Company is exploring the use of biofuels in
addition to renewable energy. A pilot Biogas plant having
an output of 0.2 TPD was commenced in the at its Manesar
facility in FY 2024-25. This is done by harnessing the
untapped potential of in-house food waste and Napier grass
as resources at its plant.
Ensure sustainable consumption
and production patterns
Optimising Finite Resource Usage by
Promoting 3R Practices

Nearly 5,000 MT of steel was saved in FY 2024-25
through yield improvement activities undertaken at
the Company and across its suppliers manufacturing
facilities.

A dedicated expert team was put in place by the
Company to help improve the capability of suppliers to
optimise the use of raw materials.

Suppliers and other recycling agents reused more than
103,000 MT of steel scrap and 6,400 MT of non-ferrous
(aluminium) scrap generated by the Company.

Promoting industry symbiosis:

Lithium Carbonate extracted post the recycling of
lithium-ion batteries is reused by other industries

Reduced dependence on fossil fuels for captive power
generation by progressively increasing the use of
solar power.

Design for recyclability and recoverability: Nearly in all
the products manufactured by the Company (including
SMG), have implemented the European Union s End-of-
Life Vehicle (EU-ELV) directive norms on recoverability
and recyclability. In the products manufactured by the
Company, the average recyclability of the materials is
at least 92%. The Company and Toyota Tsusho Group,
set up one-of-its-kind vehicle dismantling and recycling
joint venture, Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India Private Limited
(MSTI) in 2021.
Promoting Environment-friendly Measures

~98% of Tier-1 suppliers (by value) implemented ISO
14001 Environmental Management systems.

Controlling the usage of Substances of Concern (SoC) in
products sold in India as per the EU ELV directive.
Zero Waste-to-Landfill with Maximum
Utilisation of Process Waste through
Recycling and Co-processing
Alignment with Sustainable Development Goals
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Value Creation Approach
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) upholds its commitment
to responsible growth and sustainable value creation.
MSIL integrates Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) considerations into its business strategy and strives
to deliver long-term stakeholder value. This section talks
about the initiatives taken by the Company to reduce its
environmental impact, contribute to societal well-being,
and uphold governance principles. IT highlights the key
ESG milestones achieved and presents the Company s
forward-looking goals.
ESG
Performance
Environment
Social
Governance
Environment
Social
Governance
78.2. MWp
Installed solar power generation capacity
Women in the Board of Directors
100%
Return to Work rate
~63%
Water requirement met through recycling
H 1,585 Mn
CSR spent
0.18 Mn tCO2e
GHG emissions avoided from
vehicles dispatched through railways
Directors are Independent on the Board
Sustainability Committee
~3,000
Employee volunteering hours

Sustainability in Operations
Energy Use
Energy is one of the key inputs to the Company s manufacturing operations. MSIL s focus on energy stewardship is vested
in its continuous efforts in transitioning to cleaner energy sources and implementation of energy reduction and efficiency
improvement measures. While captive natural gas and grid power remain key energy contributors, MSIL is increasing its
reliance on renewable energy, through strategic investments to support a sustainable energy future.
Renewable Energy Expansion
During the year, the Company added 35 MWp of solar
capacity, increasing the total installed capacity to 78.2 MWp,
resulting in achieving the target capacity one year in advance.
The installed solar infrastructure generated 57,102 MWh
of electrical energy and 41,492 MWh green electricity was
sourced from the government distribution company as
part of the green tariff programme. As a result, the share
of captive solar power and sourced green electricity in the
overall electricity consumption at manufacturing locations
and R&D facilities increased from 15.6% in FY 2023-24 to
16.3% in FY2024-25 which lead to avoidance of 59,537 tCO2
GHG emissions.
*Energy inputs are inclusive of fuel used (natural gas and HSD) to generate electricity for supply to the Company's vendors located in
vendor parks at Gurugram and Manesar.
^Besides manufacturing locations and Rohtak R&D centre, data boundary has been expanded in FY 2023-24 and FY 2024-25 to include
MSIL's Zonal Offices, Head Office, Regional Offices, Area Offices, Regional Parts Distribution Centres and other locations under
standalone boundary.
#Data boundary includes Kharkhoda plant since its date of commissioning.
Energy Use by Type (GJ)
FY'22
FY'23
FY'24^
FY'25^#
Natural Gas*
3,735,072
3,751,210
3,656,196
3,879,207
High Speed Diesel (HSD)*
25,402
37,029
11,327
8,082
Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG)
and Propane
26,221
97,177
27,309
25,994
Gasoline
42,543
52,013
67,054
74,181
Bioethanol
-
1,289
Biogas
-
Solar
91,863
103,283
127,213
205,358
Purchased electricity
919,620
1,081,037
1,197,290
1,216,061
Electricity supplied to MSIL s vendors
34,987
35,243
16,952
19,023
MSIL realises the importance of undertaking preservation measures in
order to pass a clean environment to the next generation. The Company s
Environmental and Energy Policy reflects a strong purpose of continual
reduction of CO2 emissions, practice principles of Reduce, Reuse,
and Recycle (3R) for sustainable use of natural resources, and work
beyond compliance obligations. This section of the report details MSIL s
strategic approach to energy efficiency, waste and water management,
and emission reduction, along with initiatives that foster environmental
responsibility throughout its value chain.
MSIL s Manufacturing plants in Gurugram and Manesar, including R&D centre underwent ISO 14001 audit by an
independent agency (TÜV Rheinland) in September 2024 and have been certified for the same.
Environment
Energy Intensity (GJ/Vehicle Manufactured)
FY'25
FY'24
4.11
FY'23
FY'22
4.13
4.33
4.39
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management
During the reporting year, Maruti Suzuki has worked towards avoidance of greenhouse gas emission in alignment with India s
2070 target. MSIL has taken multiple initiatives to achieve this by optimising existing process, increasing the share of captive
renewable energy, etc.
Note: Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions are calculated based on Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 2006 Guidelines for National
Greenhouse Gas Inventories and User Guide (Version 20.0) of Central Electricity Authority (Ministry of Power, Government of India).
FY'22
209,656
182,614
6,698
FY'24
209,279
202,067
3,266
FY'25
222,096
215,368
3,441
FY'23
216,980
206,626
6,308
The major activities carried out towards efficiency improvement, energy conservation and identification of new and alternate
technology are as below:
Biogas as Fuel
In FY 2024-25, the Company commissioned a pilot biogas
plant at its Manesar facility, marking a significant step toward
sustainable manufacturing. The plant utilises in-house food
waste and Napier grass to produce 0.2 tonnes of biogas
daily, with an expected annual output of 1 lakh standard
cubic meters. This initiative aligns with the Ministry of New
and Renewable Energy s Waste to Energy programme and
Suzuki s Environment Vision 2050. IT has a potential to offset
~190 tonnes of CO2 annually, contributing to GHG emission
reduction and energy security. The biogas generated is used
in operations, while the residual organic manure supports
horticulture, creating a zero-discharge model. This initiative
supports Maruti Suzuki s production expansion plans,
while increasing the share of renewable energy. Learnings
from this pilot will be applied to future facilities, reinforcing
the Company's commitment to resource efficiency, waste
management, and sustainable growth across its operations.
0.2. TPD
Capacity of biogas plant
Environment
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
From energy consumed for generating electricity for supply outside the Company (Scope 1)
From energy consumed for the Company's own Operations (Scope 1)
Purchased electricity (Scope 2)
Upstream transportation and distribution
Use of sold products*
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Intensity
(tCO2e/Vehicle Manufactured)
FY'25
FY'24
0.36
FY'23
0.35
FY'22
0.36
0.34
Sl. No
Initiatives
Energy Savings
(kWh)
Avoided Emissions
(tCO2)
Reduction in energy consumption for compressed
air modification of equipment from Pneumatic
to Electric
1,282,962
Installation of new technology for cooling tower,
BLDC motor exhaust fan, etc.
1,029,450
Energy efficient equipment installation
184,710
Process optimisation (Idle time/cycle time
reduction, etc.)
97,516
Biogas Plant at Manesar Facility
Carport-type Solar Power-plant
FY'25
785,624
31,478,952
FY'24
FY'23
740,357
911,761
33,266,789
30,283,732
Scope 3 Other Indirect Emissions (tCO2e)
*Calculated on a WTW basis considering vehicle lifetime running as
150,000 km. An ethanol blending of 17.98% has been considered for
FY 2024-25 and 10% in previous years.
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Clean Fuel Bio-CNG Car Rally
In November 2024, for the second consecutive year MSIL
partnered with Amul for India s second multi-city clean
fuel car rally using biogas-powered vehicles to promote
sustainable mobility and clean energy. In Gujarat, the rally
was flagged off by the Hon'ble Union Cabinet Minister
of Home Affairs and Minister of Cooperation, Govt. of
India, Shri Amit Shah. Covering major cities across India,
the rally aimed to raise awareness about the principles
of sustainability and circular economy. IT reflects India s
growing momentum in adopting renewable energy solutions
and supports national and global climate action goals.
The initiative highlights the role of industry partnerships in
driving green mobility.
Environment
Multi-State Clean Fuel Rally
Powered by Maruti Suzuki
Ozone Depleting Substances
Phasing out ozone-depleting substances (ODS) is crucial
for protecting the Earth s ozone layer and mitigating climate
change. Maruti Suzuki is taking proactive steps to eliminate
ODS from its operations by year 2025, well ahead of the
regulatory deadline of 2030. The Company has been
using R-22 refrigerant in equipment such as condensers,
chillers, and air conditioning systems, which are now being
systematically phased out. The Company is transitioning
to ODS-free alternatives through strategic procurement
and equipment upgrades. In FY 2024-25, the Company
achieved a remarkable 95.6% reduction in its total ODS
inventory compared to the previous year, underscoring its
commitment to environmental stewardship and sustainable
manufacturing practices.
FY'25
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
ODS (R-22) Inventory (Tonnes of Refrigerant)
1,213
Water Management
Water management is a critical aspect of sustainable
manufacturing, and Maruti Suzuki has demonstrated
water stewardship through its comprehensive initiatives.
The Company has in place 298 groundwater recharge
pits across its manufacturing locations and R&D centre,
however the Company has not withdrawn groundwater
across its manufacturing and R&D facilities over the
past four years. The Company meets its entire water
requirement through canal. By integrating advanced water
conservation technologies and practices, the Company
ensures long-term operational resilience while contributing
to environmental preservation.
3.61. Mn m3
Water recycled across
manufacturing facilities in FY 2024-25
FY'25
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
Canal Water Sourced (m3)
2,052,071
1.65
2,128,699
1.63
1,747,091
1.56
1,946,609
1.68
ZLD System at Manesar Facility
Clean Fuel Rally
Canal water sourced (m3)
Water withdrawal intensity (m3/vehicle manufactured)
TDS<=1,000 mg/L
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Environment
Zero Liquid Discharge
Maruti Suzuki ensures zero-water discharge across its
manufacturing operations. At its Gurugram, Manesar,
Kharkhoda and Rohtak facility, all wastewater is treated
through in-house Effluent Treatment Plants (ETPs) and/or
Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs) and reused in industrial
processes and horticulture. To further improve water
quality and efficiency, the Company has upgraded STPs
at Gurugram, Manesar, and Rohtak facility. The Company
has installed Zero Liquid Discharge System (ZLDS) at its
Gurugram and Manesar plants, enabling a closed-loop
water system. These measures reflect a strong focus on
resource conservation and environmentally responsible
manufacturing practices.
Waste Management
Maruti Suzuki integrates the 3R principles - Reduce, Reuse, Recycle - into its waste management strategy, aligned with its
Energy and Environment Policy to ensure responsible waste handling and resource efficiency.
The waste generated is segregated by type for effective recycling and reuse, supporting sustainable manufacturing. A part of
hazardous waste is co-processed in the cement industry, while some part is disposed of via authorised recyclers, ensuring
zero waste to landfill. Similarly, non-hazardous waste is sorted, segregated, and sent to recyclers to recover valuable
materials and contribute to the circular economy.
Zero waste-to-landfill
practiced at manufacturing
and R&D facilities
Biodiversity Management
Aligned with the Suzuki Global Environment Charter,
Maruti Suzuki continues to support global environmental
efforts by promoting low-carbon practices and
biodiversity conservation. The Company works closely
with its suppliers to encourage sustainable development
across its operations.
Although none of Maruti Suzuki s manufacturing facilities
are located in or near ecologically sensitive areas, the
Company takes proactive steps to enhance natural
ecosystems. At its R&D centre, the Company did its
first Miyawaki plantation in 2023. In February 2025,
IT expanded the plantation to an additional 500 square
meters, adding over 1,800 saplings from 39 different
species. This initiative supports rapid afforestation and
contributes to local biodiversity.
Additionally, the R&D facility includes expansive water
lagoons spread across 105 acres, which serve as
nesting grounds for migratory birds and help enrich the
surrounding natural habitat.
Sustainability in Value Chain
Green Procurement Guidelines
Maruti Suzuki s Green Procurement Policy reflects its
commitment to global environmental protection, emphasising
collaboration with suppliers to build a low-carbon society and
promote biodiversity conservation. The policy is aligned with
the Company s broader sustainability goals.
Key Elements
Supplier Engagement
Collaborates with suppliers to promote energy efficiency
and use of eco friendly materials and waste reduction.
Carbon Reduction Focus
Supports procurement practices that lower
greenhouse gas emissions aiding climate goals.
Biodiversity Conservation
Ensures sourcing avoids harm to ecosystem
and supports biodiversity.
Compliance and Standards
Requires suppliers to follow environmental laws and
internal sustainability norms.
Sustainability Integration
Embeds green procurement into overall business
strategy and environmental vision.
Environmental Consideration
in Supply Chain
Maruti Suzuki s supply chain is a cornerstone of its
operational efficiency, ensuring the seamless availability
of essential materials and components that support
production and delivery timelines. Given the scale and
strategic importance of this network, the Company
places a strong emphasis on fostering sustainability and
responsibility among its vendor partners.
Through proactive engagement, Maruti Suzuki
encourages suppliers to integrate environmentally
conscious practices into their operations. This includes
promoting resource efficiency, reducing carbon
footprints, and adhering to ethical sourcing standards.
The Company also supports its partners through
training, knowledge sharing, and collaborative initiatives
aimed at improving sustainability performance without
compromising on quality, cost-effectiveness, or
delivery precision.
By aligning supply chain operations with broader
environmental and social goals, MSIL is building a more
resilient, transparent, and future-ready ecosystem.
This approach not only strengthens supplier relationships
but also reinforces the Company s commitment to
responsible growth and long-term value creation.
FY'25
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
Hazardous Waste Sent to Cement Industry for
Co-processing (MT)
14,442
15,148
13,307
14,985
FY'25
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
Non-hazardous Waste Sent for Recycling (MT)
143,912
150,000
132,706
136,488
FY'25
FY'24
FY'23
FY'22
Hazardous Waste Sent to Authorised Recyclers (MT)
4,857
5,244
4,284
4,696
Note: The reported waste data does not include the amount of construction and demolition and bio-medical waste.
ZLD System
Miyawaki Plantation at Rohtak R&D Facility
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Environmental Management System
in Supply Chain
Maruti Suzuki actively supports the adoption of
Environmental Management Systems (EMS) among its
Tier-1 suppliers to promote responsible manufacturing
practices. By encouraging the adoption of structured
environmental protocols, the Company aims to ensure
that sustainability is embedded into the core of supplier
operations. The Green Procurement Guidelines also
encourage the suppliers to establish an in-house or
externally certified Environment Management System
in their organisations. As of the reporting period, 95%
of Maruti Suzuki s Original Equipment suppliers in India
have achieved ISO 14001 certification, demonstrating
adherence to globally recognised standards for
environmental management. This milestone reflects the
Company s sustained efforts to build a supplier base that
prioritises environmental compliance, risk mitigation, and
continuous improvement.
Beyond Tier-1 suppliers, Maruti Suzuki also advocates for
the cascading of environmental standards further down
the supply chain. Suppliers are encouraged to promote
Substances of Concern (SoC) management and EMS
implementation among their Tier-2 partners, thereby
amplifying the impact of sustainable practices across
multiple layers of the value chain.
Capacity Building in Supply Chain
Capacity building in the supply chain enhances
sustainability, compliance, and efficiency. IT empowers
suppliers to adopt eco-friendly practices, meet
regulations and innovate. Maruti Suzuki supports this
through energy audits, renewable energy adoption, and
training programmes, fostering responsible sourcing and
stronger supplier partnerships aligned with long-term
environmental goals.
MSIL has incorporated the Maruti Suzuki Centre for
Excellence (MACE) with an objective of upgradation of
automotive component suppliers in terms of quality,
cost and technology orientation through training,
consultancy and other supportive services. MACE provides
consultancy to Tier-1 and Tier-2 supplier partners of MSIL
to help them reach world-class levels of performance
and to gain professional competency in the field of
quality management. MACE provides technical training,
behavioural training, software training and safety and
environment training to Tier-1 and Tier-2 suppliers of
MSIL. During the year, MACE conducted 1,681 training
programmes, covering 993 Tier-1 and Tier-2 suppliers.
Environment
Dry Wash Adoption at Workshops
At Maruti Suzuki workshops, resource conservation is key to
sustainable operations. The Company promotes initiatives
around efficient use of energy, water, and materials through
eco-friendly technologies and practices.
In FY 2024-25, Maruti Suzuki enhanced sustainability in its
service operations by using dry wash technology across its
workshop network. This water-efficient method replaced
traditional wet washing, saving ~1,300 million litres of water
during the year.
Green Logistics
Maruti Suzuki has reinforced its commitment to sustainability
by optimising its logistics operations, with a strong focus on
increasing rail-based vehicle dispatches. The Company has
increased the use of rail for transportation of cars for which IT
uses a combination of rakes operated by Automobile Freight
Train Operators (AFTOs) and rakes owned by Indian Railways.
MSIL has dispatched approximately 0.52 million vehicles via
Indian Railways in FY 2024-25, marking a major step toward
sustainable logistics. This initiative has led to avoidance
of over 0.18 million tCO2e GHG emissions during the year,
aligning with the Company s green mobility goals. MSIL aims
to increase its rail dispatch share to 35% by FY 2030-31,
reinforcing its commitment to environmentally responsible
operations and efficient freight movement across India.
To further strengthen its rail logistics capabilities, the
Company commissioned a dedicated railway siding in Gujarat
in March 2023. In June 2025, the Company commissioned
India s largest automobile in-plant railway siding at its
Manesar facility, with a capacity to dispatch 450,000 vehicles
annually, while plans are progressing for an in-plant railway
siding at the Kharkhoda facility.
~0.52 Mn
Vehicles transported through
rail in FY 2024-25
0.18 Mn tCO2e
GHG emissions avoided during
99%+
of imported containers
transported through
rail mode
FY'25
518,157
FY'24
447,750
FY'23
335,245
FY'22
233,809
FY'21
188,656
FY'20
178,315
FY'19
155,337
FY'18
110,370
FY'17
87,747
FY'16
76,441
FY'15
65,700
5.0%
5.5%
6.2%
8.3%
11.6%
13.2%
14.6%
17.6%
21.5%
24.4%
Rail mode contribution to overall dispatches
Dispatch through Railways
Dry Washing
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Perfomance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Environmental Sustainability in Products
Maruti Suzuki has embedded sustainability throughout the product lifecycle - from design and manufacturing to usage and
end-of-life disposal - ensuring that each stage contributes to reducing the overall environmental impact. IT is a result of MSIL's
design thinking that places strong emphasis on developing vehicles that are not only dependable and efficient but also
environmentally responsible.
Green Products
The Company has been a leader in promoting green mobility
through its innovative and environmentally responsible
vehicle lineup. With a strong focus on sustainability, the
Company offers a diverse range of S-CNG, Smart Hybrid and
Strong Hybrid technologies that are engineered to improve
fuel efficiency and lower the overall carbon footprint. The
Company reaffirmed its commitment to decarbonisation and
inclusive mobility by unveiling its first Battery Electric Vehicle
(BEV) SUV, the e VITARA, at the Bharat Mobility Global
Expo 2025. Built on the all-new HEARTECT - e-platform,
the e VITARA offers over 500 km range, advanced features
like Level 2 ADAS, and premium comfort. The Company also
launched its e for me Electric Eco-Solutions, including smart
home chargers, fast-charging networks across 100 cities, and
1,500 EV-enabled service workshops.
Environment
S-CNG
Maruti Suzuki s S-CNG models represent a strategic step toward low-emission mobility in India. Engineered for
optimal performance in diverse driving conditions, these vehicles offer enhanced fuel efficiency and reduced carbon
emissions. Their compatibility with Compressed Biogas (CBG) further enables eco-friendly fuel use. By integrating
factory-fitted CNG technology, Maruti Suzuki ensures safety, reliability, and affordability, making green mobility
accessible to a wider population. During the year, MSIL launched the S-CNG variants of The Epic New Swift and The
Dazzling-New Dzire with exceptional fuel efficiency of 32.85 km/kg and 33.73 km/kg. Powered by the all-new Z-series
Dual VVT engine, the new Swift and the new Dzire models offer over 6% and 8% improved mileage, respectively and
emit lower CO2, making them India s most fuel-efficient premium hatchback and India s most fuel-efficient sedan.
Strong Hybrid Technology
Maruti Suzuki s Strong Hybrid technology integrates
electric and internal combustion engine power for superior
efficiency and reduced emissions. Featured in models like
the Grand Vitara and Invicto, IT uses a series-parallel hybrid
system that allows smooth transitions between electric and
internal combustion modes. This setup delivers impressive
fuel economy of up to 27.97 km/l, making IT ideal for Indian
driving conditions. Maruti Suzuki s hybrid strategy reflects
its commitment to sustainable innovation, offering eco-
friendly mobility solutions that meet the evolving needs of
Indian consumers.
End-of-Life Vehicle Management
Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India Pvt. Ltd. (MSTI) is dedicated
to sustainable end-of-life vehicle (ELV) management.
Headquartered in Delhi, MSTI operates a state-of-the-art,
government-approved scrapping facility in Noida, capable of
recycling over 24,000 ELVs annually. This initiative supports
promoting safe, scientific, and environmentally friendly
dismantling of vehicles and supporting the circular economy
by recovering valuable materials. In FY 2024-25, the facility
processed almost twice the number of vehicles compared to
last year.
6,468
Vehicles scrapped in FY 2024-25
Li-ion Battery Recycling
The Company is building a comprehensive lithium-ion
battery recycling framework to safeguard the environment
and comply with Battery Waste Management Rules. So far,
MSIL has successfully recycled 26 tonnes of Li-ion batteries,
achieving high overall recycling efficiency.
26 tonnes
Li-ion batteries recycled
Cumulative CO2 emissions avoided using Hybrids (in MT)
Cumulative CO2 emissions avoided using CNG/LPG vehicles (in MT)
Cumulative sales of low-carbon products (No.)
FY'24
FY'25
722,842
946,721
2,005,384
FY'23
481,203
1,441,453
FY'22
364,366
1,214,362
FY'21
224,770
1,066,270
FY'20
214,721
943,942
FY'19
133,513
872,998
FY'18
70,600
759,767
FY'17
25,722
671,034
FY'16
2,827
521,656
FY'15
393,325
Cumulative CO2 Avoidance from the Usage of
CNG, Mild Hybrid and Strong Hybrid Vehicles
3,350,371
4,219,675
2,603,964
1,997,489
1,626,767
1,355,913
1,152,799
922,585
763,351
604,210
502,218
Notes
Vehicle running data used for the calculation is captured from after sales
data (FY 2024-25)
Cumulative sales are considered from base year FY 2005-06
Average vehicle life considered to be of 10 years for calculation of
cumulative saving for CO2
2,682,371
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

MSIL focuses on developing competent talent through continuous
learning, skill-building, and leadership development. Equal opportunity
and diversity are integral to its workplace culture, along with upholding
the highest standards of safe work practices and employee welfare
through comprehensive engagement programmes.
People Practices
Occupational Health and Safety
The Company regards occupational health and safety
as a high-priority business objective and a fundamental
value to be always upheld by all people who work at its
premises, to ensure that they return home safely at the end
of each workday.
With the Managing Director s vision of Zero Harm, the
Company s philosophy on safety is articulated through
three principles.
Customer satisfaction remains a top priority, IT enables
to deliver high-quality, reliable, and innovative products
that meet evolving customer needs. MSIL's customer-first
approach ensures responsiveness, trust, and long-term
relationships, reinforcing its commitment to excellence
and value creation.
Beyond business, MSIL actively contributes to community
development through impactful CSR initiatives.
The programmes focus on education, healthcare,
skill development, and environmental sustainability.
These efforts reflect the Company's belief in inclusive
progress and its responsibility to uplift the communities.
Social
Focus Points as Guided by the Managing Director
Avoiding the Occurrence of Incidents
Proactively identifying risks in respective areas,
Report unsafe conditions, near-miss
Take corrective actions before they harm us
Preparedness to Address Incidents
In order to be well-equipped and trained to handle any
incident efficiently, safety audits, mock-drills and simulations
are regularly conducted.
Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems
The Company s manufacturing facilities in Manesar and
Gurugram, Rohtak R&D Centre at Rohtak and Corporate
Office in Delhi are ISO 45001 certified. To ensure efficient
functioning of internal processes and controls, the OHSMS
is subjected to regular internal and external audits. MSIL
has a strong Safety team comprising of 100 people and 439
Safety coordinators. Safety coordinators are extended arms
who play a crucial role in ensuring a safe and compliant
working environment and implementation of safety system in
their respective areas. All employees are engaged to create
a culture of risk awareness and accident prevention and
are involved in identification and reporting of hazards and
potentially hazardous situations. Through Operator Feedback
system, feedback is captured from operators related to safety
at regular intervals.
Make Safety as
First Priority
All Accidents are
Preventable
Safety is Everyone s
Responsibility
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Social
Identification, Assessment, Elimination and Control of
hazards in the workplace are critical components of
OHSMS. The Company follows a comprehensive set of
hazard identification and risk assessment (HIRA) guidelines,
which are aligned to ISO 45001 as well as applicable legal
requirements. For non-routine activities, KY (Kiken Yochi)
is used to determine hazards and identify control measures
before start of work. Additionally, the KY process is also
carried out at scheduled intervals at shop floors where
employees spend time identifying hazards and control
measures at their workstations. Comprehensive work permit
system is mandatory for height work, hot work, confined
space, and other critical activities where any employee/worker
(MSIL/Contractors) is engaged for work.
Process safety is an integral part of safety management
system; hence the Company ensures process safety through
periodic hazard identification and risk assessment (HIRA),
HAZOP study, quantitative risk assessments in production
and and non-production areas.
Safety audits are carried out at a pre-determined schedule as
per ISO 45001 besides daily safety patrolling and inspections.
Safety coordinators from all areas are trained in the
process of HIRA. Safety messages from top management
are circulated periodically to remind employees of their
responsibility to demonstrate safe working practices and
behaviours. The Company is also working on creating
awareness and sensitisation for adherence to PO-KE-TE-HA-
NA-SHI.
Concept called Yokoten , which refers to the horizontal
deployment of learning, is implemented. Any incident or
near-miss is meticulously analysed, and the learnings are
disseminated across all teams to prevent recurrence in
other areas.
The safety policy encourages reporting of incidents, which
are investigated using root cause analysis techniques such as
5-why analysis, 3G and Fishbone Diagram. Post investigation
and analysis, information regarding incidents is circulated to
departmental managers and safety ambassadors, in the form
of causal factors, key learnings and action plans. Learnings
from incidents within the Suzuki Group are translated into
safety alerts, work instruction sheets and training modules.
To promote a culture of safety and responsibility among
employees, Outside Road Accident monitoring is being done
and sensitisation programmes are being conducted focusing
on road safety awareness and preventive practices. I-Commit
drives and sharing of learnings from accidents in Monthly
Communication Meetings also aims to reduce the risk of road
accidents amongst employees.
Further, MSIL
Ensures 100% basic fire extinguisher operation training to
all new joiners during their induction period.
Engages its fire fighters in fire crew skill upgradation
competition for quick response during any emergency
scenario and ensure regular rehearsals through various
mock drills, including Sunday, holidays, odd hours, etc.
Developed fire volunteers (1,612 Nos) and first
aiders (592 Nos) from every department beyond the
legal requirement.
Conducts regular training on material handling equipment
(MHE) like forklift, Tow trucks, etc. across MSIL (1,522 Nos).
Conducts shutdown specific safety for all regular and
outsourced employees, including Indian and foreign
makers prior to every maintenance shutdown.
Periodically conducts safety training for safety
coordinators and contractors. A total of 316 safety
coordinators were covered in the Safety Coordinator
Development Programme.
Trained ISO 45001 Lead Auditors (23 participants) and
Internal Auditors (27 participants) during the year to
strengthen the OH&S Management System. Over 30
participants were also trained regarding effective incident
investigation process.
Safety Governance
Plant-level safety committees have been constituted as per
statutory requirements to promote cooperation and dialogue
between workers and the management on occupational
health and safety related matters. Additionally, multi-tiered
safety committees have been formed to strengthen the Safety
Management System and oversee its implementation.
Safety Committees
Central level
Chaired by MD and CEO
Vertical level
Chaired by Vertical Heads
Divisional level
Chaired by Divisional Heads
Safety Communication and Training
All employees, right from the shop floor up to the top
management, are trained to execute their work in a safe and
responsible manner. Employees are encouraged to follow the
principle of HO-REN-SO (timely reporting, communication
and consultation) and STOP-CALL-WAIT to avert mishaps
at work. The occupational safety policy and basic safety
principles are displayed across all work locations.
Regular Employees
FY
FY
FY
FY
Fatalities due to
work-related injury
Lost time injuries
Recordable work
related injuries
Non-regular Employees
FY
FY
FY
FY
Fatalities due to
work-related injury
Lost time injuries
Recordable work
related injuries
Safety Performance
FY'22
FY'22
FY'23
FY'23
FY'24
FY'24
FY'25
FY'25
0.055
0.092
0.018
0.036
0.016
0.071
0.13
0.11
0.017
0.064
Per Mn Person Hours Worked (Regular Employees)
Per Mn Person Hours Worked (Non-regular Employees)
Note: For FY 2023-24 and FY 2024-25 injury rate data has been aligned with BRSR, by using Employees data for Regular Employees and Workers data for Non-
regular Employees
Fatality Rate
Lost-Time Injury Rate
Recordable Work Related Injury Rate
Safety Month Awareness Campaign
ISO 45001 Certificate
0.014
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Social
Safety Campaigns
The 54th National Safety Month was observed from 4th March 2025 to 3rd April 2025. During this month, various safety
awareness activities like safety coordinators outbound programme, panel discussions on safety, physical and online safety
quiz, street plays (nukkad natak), best safety kaizen competitions, fire crew skill competition, etc. were conducted for active
participation and learning experience.
Digitalisation in Safety
To ensure safety of MSIL employees various cutting-edge
technologies like artificial intelligence, internet of things,
radio frequency identification, digitalisation are used along
with innovative partners.
Employee transport buses are integrated with ADAS and
DMS devices which analyses driver behaviour and send
instant alerts in case of any abnormal situation. Currently
implemented across 150 buses, and will be expanded to
additional 151 buses in Phase-2. IT will also introduce a
facial recognition system to enable a feedback mechanism
aimed at improving driver behaviour.
Safe driving culture is inculcated in all employees, who
are using two wheelers and four wheelers to commute
to office, by a mobile app which gives individual driving
score and areas of improvement to motivate safe
driving practices.
For seamless and complete safe evacuation in emergency,
RFID based I-Card have been introduced to trace all
employee during emergency and employee can also raise
an alarm in case of any emergency using the SOS button
in the card that, when activated, sends real-time alerts
along with the user's location to enable swift emergency
response. This system has been successfully implemented
with full coverage at the two locations and is now being
expanded across the entire MSIL ecosystem gradually.
To provide easy access to all safety rules and guidelines
Smart Safety Assistance - Tens AI platform is used for the
benefit for all employees.
To promote PO-KE-TE-HA-NA-SHI adherence, AI enabled
kiosks are installed at junctions and staircases which
encourage employees to follow basic principles of road
safety and monitors adherence level.
Created vendor truck safety management system ensuring
100% of vendor trucks are audited against defined safety
standards and linking their entry permissions to their
safety status.
Truck Safety Audit
Fire Safety Drill
Safety Panel Discussion
Activities During 54th Safety Month
Truck Safety Audit
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

EV Emergency Preparedness
In response to the growing presence of Electric Vehicles (EVs), MSIL's team is fully equipped and trained to handle EV related
emergencies with the highest standards of safety and efficiency. EV response readiness includes:
Fire Entry Suit
Provides maximum protection for responders during
high-temperature EV battery fires and rescuing operations.
Flood Barriers
Essential for isolating and containing water-based hazards,
especially in flooded EV incidents.
Insulated Tools
Specially designed to safely manage high-voltage
components and prevent electrical shock.
EV Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Includes arc-rated clothing, dielectric gloves, face shields,
and other gear tailored for EV specific hazards.
AVD Fire Extinguishers
Advanced fire suppression tools specifically effective against
lithium-ion battery fires.
Emergency Handling Procedures
Comprehensive protocols for assessing, isolating, and
mitigating EV incidents, ensuring the safety of both
responders and the employees.
Human Resources
Employees are at the heart of MSIL s sustainability
journey. The Company s robust Human Resources (HR)
strategy is instrumental in cultivating a vibrant, diverse
and inclusive workforce. Recognising its people as its
greatest asset and foster a progressive and supportive work
environment that is designed to empower employees to reach
their full potential.
MSIL has in place comprehensive training programmes,
ensuring its workforce remains agile and future-ready in the
fast-evolving automotive sector. A culture of engagement
is nurtured through regular feedback mechanisms and
employee surveys, while diversity and inclusion are celebrated
by targeted initiatives and promote equal opportunities to
remove barriers, MSIL also strengthens employee well-being
by fostering deeper connections with their families through
various outreach programmes.
Social
Diversity and Inclusion
Maruti Suzuki is committed to becoming India s most
preferred workplace for diversity and inclusion, ensuring
equal opportunities for learning and growth across gender,
abilities and social backgrounds. In a significant step towards
gender equality, MSIL inducted women employees to the
shop floor last year and have extended the same to its three
plant locations.
MSIL updated its maternity leave policy to support fair
performance evaluations and variable pay for women on
leave, and also offers an optional maternity leave extension
of up to six months to help mothers transition smoothly back
to work.
To further build an inclusive and equitable work culture,
the Company organises Awareness and Sensitisation
Interventions for all its employees and ensures gender neutral
and inclusive language in its joining forms.
Flexible work options, including remote work and adjustable
hours, are also available to eligible employees, creating a
more accommodating and supportive work environment.
These efforts highlight MSIL s dedication to building a
workplace where everyone feels valued and included.
Safety in Value Chain
For MSIL, safety is not limited to its own boundaries,
the Company takes sincere efforts so that the entire
value chain including suppliers, dealers, stockyards,
warehouses and transporters are aligned with goal to
achieve Zero Incident .
Scope of Safety in Value Chain to
Mitigate Business Risk
Fire Risk
Flood Risk
Human Safety
Major Activities for Safety in Value Chain
Self-assessment by suppliers
Fire Risk Assessment by third-party and safety for JVs
Technical Support for Countermeasure Implementation
Verification of Countermeasure
Sensitisation Programmes and Best Practice Sharing
Training and awareness programme on Fire and
Human Safety for dealers
Self-assessment and sample audit at Tier-1 suppliers
Audits at Tier-2 through MACE
Global Risk Management (GRM) Audit at Vendors.
Three audits conducted and one two day workshop
was held for 21 suppliers
Human Safety Audit started focusing on sheet metal
and plastic at Tier-1 and Tier-2
EV PPE
Women Apprentice with the MD & CEO
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Break-up of Regular Employees by Age Group and Gender
Category
FY
FY
FY
FY 2024-25
Total
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Top and
Mid management
Junior management
6,481
6,950
7,961
2,874
5,236
9,003
Supervisors
3,414
3,585
3,952
2,924
4,590
Associates
5,771
5,671
5,713
5,094
5,686
Total
16,259
16,875
18,228
5,874
11,833
1,251
19,966
Break-up of Non-regular Employees
Category
FY 2021-22
FY 2022-23
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
Apprentices
2,985
3,242
3,388
3,400
TWs
7,989
5,720
7,555
11,480
Student trainees/PMIS
3,564
3,708
4,041
4,432
Outsourced employees
8,490
8,754
14,221*
14,499*
Total
23,028
21,424
29,205
33,811
*Besides outsourced employees directly engaged in the manufacturing of vehicles, includes outsourced workers involved in Civil projects,
Maintenance, Warehouse, and Sales & Dispatch activities also.
Prevention of Sexual Harassment
The Company is committed to fair and equal opportunity for
all its employees and provides a safe and conducive work
environment free from any kind of harassment. An internal
policy on the prevention of sexual harassment is in place
to provide a mechanism to make the workplace safe for all
employees. The policy has been designed to prohibit, prevent,
and redress the complaints of sexual harassment under the
COBCE and the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH
Act). The said POSH Policy provides for confidentiality and
protection of affected parties.
All employees, including new hires are trained and sensitised
on the prevention of sexual harassment at the time of their
joining and, periodically thereafter. This year, the Company
has extended the trainings to cover employees on the shop
floor and members of the Union. A total of 25,000 employees
and workers including those at the shop floor and contract
workers were trained on POSH provisions.
As mandated by the POSH Act, there are appropriately
constituted Internal Committees for receiving, investigating
and resolving sexual harassment complaints in a time-
bound manner. These Internal Committees represent
different business verticals, functions and locations. Regular
awareness sessions were held for the members of the Internal
Committees to ensure continued relevance and effectiveness.
The Internal Committees filed their annual return in
compliance with the law. During the reporting period, three
complaints were received and were closed as per the POSH
Policy in the prescribed time.
Social
Differently abled
regular employees
Out of 36 women employees
returned to work after
completion of maternity leave
Out of 44 women employees
whose maternity leave ended
during FY 2023-24, and were still
employed as on 31st March 2025
Employee Welfare and Engagement
At MSIL, employee welfare is a foundational
priority, supported by a comprehensive approach
that goes far beyond financial remuneration. The
Company is dedicated to fostering a supportive,
inclusive, and enriching work environment for its
workforce and their families.
Strengthening Family Connections
MSIL s Employee-Family Connect initiative
nurtures strong family bonds through Annual
Family Day celebrations, Monthly social
gatherings like Parivar Milan , activities like
Connect and Recognition of employees
children's achievements.
Promoting Work-Life Balance
To support flexible lifestyles, MSIL offers remote
work options, Adjustable working hours for eligible
employees. These measures help create a more
accommodating and balanced work environment.
Honouring Long-Term Commitment
MSIL values the dedication of its long-serving
employees by:
Presenting service awards
Extending medical benefits post-retirement
Amber
CHRO's Chief Listening
Officer (CLO) - Amber
Women's Day Engagement
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Supporting Financial Well-being
MSIL has introduced several policies aimed at enhancing
financial security and convenience:
Affordable housing in selected locations
Employee discounts to facilitate car ownership
Interest Subsidy Schemes to meet the financial needs
Smart Gadget Leasing Policy for tech accessibility
Financial assistance to families in the unfortunate event of
an employee s passing during service
Voluntary Parents Medical Group Insurance Policy to
support extended family health needs
The Listening Framework
Understanding the unique needs of a workforce spanning
generations, the Company has implemented a robust
listening framework that combines in-person engagement
with cutting-edge digital platforms. Regular town halls, focus
group discussions, and one-on-one interactions ensure
physical touchpoints, while online surveys, virtual feedback
tools, and AI-driven analytics provide actionable insights into
employee sentiment.
Various tools and programmes have been implemented to
understand the pulse of the organisation, gauge employee
morale, identify grievances and deploy interventions to
enhance overall engagement of the employees.
MS Xpress: Bi-annual anonymous engagement survey
scientifically designed in alignment with strategic business
priorities and people focus topics. Four main pillars of the
bi-annual engagement survey comprised of Organisation,
work, people and culture.
Widespread participation by the employees-79.5%
Standardised reports available at People Manager
level and above
The pulse score remained steady at 73, while
participation increase by 7% with compared to
last year
Chief Listening Officer (CHRO s - Digital Assistant): To
listen to the feedback of the employees on a real-time basis,
the Company has also introduced a chatbot, Amber, to
empathetically listen, analyse and act on employee concerns
at scale.
Covered 4,000 employees
Sentiment Analysis at the key milestones, like new
joiners, promotion, manager change, transfers, etc.
#NO Filter: Under the Employee Connect umbrella of #NO
FILTER, HR business partners conduct Focused Group
Discussions of employees providing them an open platform
to voice their unfiltered concerns/feedback.
Coverage of 250+ employees per month with
employee query closure rate of 86.6%.
MSIL also leverages digital platforms to enhance
employee experience:
HR Assist Mobile App: Empowers employees with self-
service tools for attendance, shift management, salary
access, and emergency contacts.
AskHR and Chika Chatbot: AI-driven tools that resolve
queries with 99.2% resolution rate and 3-hour average
turnaround time.
Automation of Employee Allowance Management: IT has
revolutionised the way attendance linked allowances are
processed within the organisation.
Health and Well-being
The Company has adopted a proactive and holistic approach
to promote health and wellness among its employees.
Recognising the importance of well-being in the workplace,
MSIL offers one of the most comprehensive medical policies
in the industry, complemented by a range of regular health-
focused initiatives.
Social
MSIL Marathon 2025
Key Health and Wellness Initiatives
Preventive Health Checkups: Regular health screenings are
provided for employees and their spouses to encourage early
detection and prevention.
Specialised OPD Services: On-site consultations with
medical specialists ensure accessible and timely care.
Medical Camps: Periodic health checkup camps are
organised within the Company premises for convenience
and coverage.
Expert-led Health Talks: Interactive sessions
with healthcare professionals foster awareness
and engagement.
Bilingual Health Education Modules: Information,
Education, and Communication (IEC) materials are
available in multiple languages to ensure inclusivity
and understanding.
To enhance employee experience through digitalisation,
MSIL has launched DIGI Consult , a platform that enables
employees to receive digital prescriptions, streamlining
access to medical care.
MSIL also prioritises mental health through its Emotional
Health Helpline, which has facilitated over 500 confidential
counselling sessions, providing employees with a safe space
to seek support.
Further multiple interactive sessions on self awareness,
meditation techniques, emotional wellness, etc. has been
conducted, which have seen more than 2,200 employees
benefitting out of IT.
Maruti Suzuki Enclave
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Labour Relations
MSIL maintains a collaborative and transparent work culture
through its three active labour unions, which represent
nearly the entire workforce. Monthly meetings between the
Managing Director and union representatives facilitate open
dialogue, allowing for the exchange of business updates and
employee feedback. Regularly held union elections promote
democratic representation, accountability, and the infusion
of new ideas, thereby reinforcing trust and transparency in
union leadership.
In alignment with national workforce development initiatives,
MSIL is a prominent employer of apprentices under the
Kushal Bharat Vikasit Bharat mission. The Company has also
pioneered under The Prime Minister s Internship Scheme
to support government initiatives to provide internship
opportunities to youth.
Wage Equality and Performance Management
MSIL offers a highly competitive benefits package,
with average compensation levels surpassing industry
standards. The Company s gender-neutral pay structure
ensures equitable compensation across all roles and levels.
A well-defined, performance-based incentive system is
in place, covering employees across the organisation, to
recognise and reward individual contributions.
Performance appraisals are conducted bi-annually for all
eligible employees, evaluating both individual achievements
and the Company s overall performance. These assessments
form the basis for performance-linked variable pay,
ensuring that high performers are appropriately rewarded.
This structured approach promotes a culture of meritocracy,
accountability and continuous improvement.
Through these initiatives, MSIL sustains a motivated and
high-performing workforce, reinforcing its commitment to an
inclusive, engaging, and innovation-driven work environment.
Remuneration Ratio for Regular Employees (Female to Male)
FY 2021-22
FY 2022-23
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
Fixed
Total
Fixed
Total
Fixed
Total
Fixed
Total
1.01
1.02
0.99
1.00
0.97
1.03
0.80
The change in the renumeration ratio of females to males is a direct outcome of the Company's strategy to strengthen gender
diversity through targeted hiring of women at supervisor and junior management level. This initiative aligns with the Company's
long-term commitment to building an inclusive talent pipeline, ensuring equitable career progression, and enhancing
organisational resilience. This is an investment in future leadership and sustainable value creation, and remain committed to
transparent reporting and continuous improvement in workforce equity.
Ratio of Compensation between Highest-paid Individual and Employees
Category
FY 2021-22
FY 2022-23
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
Ratio of the annual total compensation of Managing Director to
the median annual total compensation for all regular employees
31.17
29.39
33.01
31.67
Social
Also, to ensure that MSIL has a right mix of workforce, Fixed
Term Employment (FTE) was introduced.
The Company also supports the educational advancement of
its associates through a partnership with the Haryana State
Board of Technical Education, offering a tailored part-time
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering. These efforts underscore
MSIL s commitment to employee empowerment and
continuous skill development.
MSIL has successfully signed a three-year Wage Settlement
(2024-2027) with all three Unions. This significant
milestone reflects unwavering commitment to maintaining
a collaborative and respectful relationship with MSIL's
workforce. The amicable agreement underscores the
Company's shared vision for mutual growth, stability and
long-term harmony within the organisation.
Engagement with Unions and Shop Floor Employees
Engagement Channel
Frequency
Meeting of the Managing Director with the union representatives
Meetings of Production (EO) and HR (EO) with union representatives
Meetings of Production, Safety, Vigilance, Civil functions with union representatives
Meetings of the PHR Function with Union Representatives
Interactions of Production and HR functions with shop floor employees
Dedicated grievance redressal helpdesk Samadhan and policy awareness Shashakt for shop floor employees
Dedicated Supervisor Communication session for Policy awareness.
Samanvay grievance redressal helpdesk for Flexi Manpower (TW, FTE and APP)
Female Communication session for Shop Floor Female Apprentices
Different CFT Meetings with selected representatives from Union like Transport, Canteen, Medical, Sports,
Uniform, etc.
Unnati Rise with Maruti for Associates, Personal transformation
Parivar Milan for Associates and Family Members
IR Capability Development Session for Supervisors
Regular Basis
Monthly
Bi-Monthly
Contribution towards Sustainability
The Company has introduced an internal carpooling initiative called Maruti Suzuki - MobiJoy , aligning with its strategic
objective of reducing carbon emissions. This platform enables employees to share rides, thereby lowering the number of
vehicles on the road and contributing to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. To date, the initiative has successfully cut
CO2 emissions by approximately 1,240 kg.
In addition to MobiJoy, MSIL has implemented several sustainability-focused measures, such as minimising the use of paper
cups across its manufacturing plants and piloting the use of electric vehicles as employee shuttles. These steps reflect the
Company s commitment to environmentally responsible operations.
MSIL also advances sustainability through green human resource management practices, including the digitisation of HR
processes and employee training on Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) principles. These digital transformations
support the Company s broader ESG goals and enhance operational efficiency.
Through these integrated efforts, MSIL continues to strengthen its position as a responsible corporate citizen, actively
contributing to both environmental sustainability and social well-being.
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Talent Acquisition and Retention
Right fit approach has been the prime focus of Talent Acquisition at MSIL. The same has been promoted through various
employer branding initiatives. One of which is LeadXcellence, a programme wherein the senior leadership from Maruti Suzuki
interacts with potential candidates by sharing the success stories and inspiring the candidates to be part of the MSIL.
During FY 2024-25, 2,311 regular employees were recruited, while 559 employees separated from the Company. The attrition
rate for regular employees stood at ~3% during the same period.
New Hires by Age Group and Gender
Employee Tiers
FY
FY
FY
FY 2024-25
Total
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Top and
Mid management
Junior management
1,192
1,288
Supervisors
1,018
Associates
Turnover* by Age Group and Gender
Employee Tiers
FY
FY
FY
FY 2024-25
Total
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Top and
Mid management
Junior management
Supervisors
Associates
*Employees who left the Company on account of resignation, retirement, death in service and others.
To make learning more accessible and flexible, MSIL has
embraced adoption of technology in the training methodology
while incorporating simulator based learning, use of
Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality, various on-the-go
LXPs, enabling self-paced training opportunities that enhance
convenience and engagement across its workforce.
This commitment to capability building extends beyond
internal stakeholders. MSIL actively invests in the
development of its suppliers and dealer partners, ensuring
that training initiatives across the value chain contribute
to improved business performance and a superior
customer experience.
Training Programmes for Employees
The Company is dedicated to equipping its workforce with
cutting-edge industry knowledge and technical expertise,
enabling employees to stay agile in a rapidly evolving business
environment. This commitment is reflected in a wide range
of structured training programmes and educational initiatives
aimed at enhancing employee skills and competencies.
The Company invests in advanced learning infrastructure
and partners with premier educational institutions to offer
specialised courses. These initiatives support career
progression and prepare employees to take on greater
responsibilities, aligning personal growth with organisational
objectives. MSIL also facilitates higher education
opportunities for its employees through collaborations with
reputed institutions, fostering leadership development and
career advancement.
Maruti Suzuki Training Academy (MSTA) serves as the
Company s central training body, offers a comprehensive
range of programmes to enhance MSIL employee s skills
throughout their careers. From induction to leadership
development, MSTA covers various aspects of professional
growth by implementing a robust learning and development
framework. This framework identifies skill gaps and
delivers structured, band-wise training programmes across
Leadership & Behavioural, Technical & Functional and
Vocational domains. Continuous learning is promoted through
a blend of workshops, e-learning modules, and on-the-
job training.
Specialised facilities such as the Maruti Suzuki Finishing
School, Centre of Excellence, and Technical Training Centre
provide hands-on, multi-skill training for trainees and
shop floor personnel, ensuring practical knowledge and
operational readiness.
Additionally, Quality has always been a strategic priority for
MSIL. To reinforce this commitment through learnings, an
experiential Quality Learning Centre has been established.
This centre emphasises the voice of the customer and
leverages past case studies to highlight a customer-centric
approach rooted in a strong quality mindset.
Social
Suppliers Human Resource Management
The Company has established a robust Vendor HR Excellence
Framework aimed at assessing and strengthening the human
resource capabilities of its supplier network. This structured
programme covers critical dimensions such as leadership
effectiveness, HR policies and practices, industrial relations,
shop floor operations, labour law compliance, workforce
demographics, and employee health, safety and welfare.
As part of the framework, MSIL - either directly or through
an appointed third party - conducts comprehensive audits.
These include leadership interviews, plant inspections, focus
group discussions with supplier employees, and detailed
document reviews. Based on the findings, suppliers receive
customised action plans for improvement, which are closely
monitored for implementation. During the reporting period,
97.4% of suppliers were audited under this framework.
In addition, all suppliers are required to sign an agreement
that includes mandatory clauses upholding statutory human
rights standards. These provisions address key areas such as
the prohibition of child and forced labour, ensuring a safe and
healthy work environment, preventing sexual harassment, and
respecting freedom of association.
Through this initiative, MSIL reinforces its commitment
to ethical business practices and sustainable supply
chain management.
Learning and Development
The Company is deeply committed to fostering a culture of
continuous learning and development, which serves as a
cornerstone for innovation and operational excellence. By
prioritising employee growth, MSIL empowers individuals to
advance their careers through higher education programmes
and equips them with emerging skills to meet evolving
customer expectations and industry demands.
852,947
Training hours for regular employees
617,353
Training hours for non-regular employees
MSIL is actively strengthening cross-functional capabilities
in collaboration with its parent company by supporting
employees through targeted training initiatives. These include
programs on Japanese language and culture, as well as
immersive on-the-job training at Suzuki Motor Corporation
(SMC) in Japan, enabling hands-on learning and deeper
integration with global practices.
Training of Value Chain Partners
The Company places equal emphasis on enhancing the skills
of its value chain partners. The Company has implemented
targeted learning and development initiatives for dealership
personnel, aimed at boosting productivity and elevating
the customer experience. These training programmes
are designed in alignment with business objectives and
industry best practices. During the reporting period, around
50,000 dealership sales staff were trained using instructor-
led classroom sessions, online modules, and self-paced
digital learning.
To strengthen leadership capabilities, Sales Leadership
Programmes were conducted for senior dealership
management in collaboration with leading business schools.
Other platforms such as NEXA Academy, Arena HROS, NEXA
Cares Index, Sales Aptitude Tests, and Skill Evaluation for
Employee Development, all aimed at driving improvements in
both people and processes.
Methodologies like Feature-Based Selling (XCEED), NEXtech,
and Practice to Perfect were employed to deliver practical,
scenario-based learning through role plays and on-
vehicle demonstrations.
To ensure uniform service quality across the country, MSIL
leverages digital platfrom to manage workforce performance
and deliver training through its eleven Service Broadcasting
Centres, which digitally transmit training to workshop
personnel, significantly reducing travel time and associated
costs while expanding training reach.
MSIL has developed dedicated Maruti Suzuki Centre for
excellence with an objective of upgrading automotive
component suppliers in terms of Quality, cost and technology
orientation through training, consultancy and other supportive
services. MACE is dedicated to providing consultancy to
Tier-1 and Tier-2 supplier partners of MSIL to help them
to reach world class level of performance and to gain
professional competency in field of Quality Management.
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance (MSSF)
Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance (MSSF) platform - India s first fully
digital car financing solution continues to simplify and secure
the financing journey for customers to explore and compare
loan offers from 28 leading financial institutions, including major
NBFCs and public and private sector banks. During FY 2024-25,
over 6.8 lakh customers availed loans and disbursals through
the platform. MSSF not only enhances convenience but also
enhances safer customer engagement.
Customer Satisfaction, Engagement and Support
Digital Customer Connect
Consumer preferences have evolved and the modern-
day customers make heavy use of digital channels and
touchpoints for researching brands and also to communicate
with them. Adapting to this transition, the Company is
establishing a strong digital presence through year-round
social and brand campaigns. These platforms aim to improve
customer experience and engagement across various
customer touchpoints.
Artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled virtual Agents and Chat Bots
have been deployed across channels to enhance accessibility
of the customers. These AI-enabled voice bots, in eight
vernacular languages with conversational script, have been
rolled out on dealer centralised calling numbers, ensuring
response to every customer and nearly eliminating missed
calls. Additionally, dealer websites have been equipped
with chat bots. An AI-based bot in the form of an avatar has
been deployed on the Company s corporate website starting
with select brands. To augment omnichannel experience,
WhatsApp bot has been implemented to guide customers
through a seamless journey.
An immersive Customer engagement with MSIL brands, in
Virtual Reality, has been made for Arena and NEXA through
ARENAVERSE and NEXAVERSE respectively.
Customers can connect with MSIL Dealerships online through
various touch points such as Book a Test Drive , Book a
Showroom visit , etc. which are available on MSIL and Dealer
Websites, and schedule interactions with Dealership.
Social
Ease of Access: Service Network
Maruti Suzuki continued to strengthen its nationwide service
network, expanding its reach to 5,424 service touchpoints
across 2,720 cities and serving over 27 million customers in
FY 2024-25. To enhance accessibility in non-urban regions,
the Company introduced compact-format NEXA workshops,
offering essential services such as periodic maintenance
and general repairs, thereby bringing premium service
experiences closer to customers in emerging markets.
To further improve convenience, 463 Service-on-Wheels
(SoW) mobile workshops were deployed across 204 cities,
enabling doorstep servicing for routine maintenance and
minor repairs. Complementing this, over 1,112 Maruti
Mobile Support (MMS) vehicles were operational in remote
areas, ensuring service availability even in regions with
limited infrastructure.
For emergency support, the Company s Quick Response
Teams (QRT), comprising 796 vehicles across 447 cities,
responded to over 10,000 breakdown calls monthly.
These teams are equipped with essential tools and spares to
restore vehicles on-site. A web-based live tracking system
enables customers to connect with the nearest technician in
real time, ensuring faster resolution and peace of mind.
Through these initiatives, Maruti Suzuki continues to deliver
on its promise of accessible, reliable and customer-centric
service across the country.
6.8 lakh+
Customers availed loans and
disbursals through the platform
Subscription Based Mobility
Maruti Suzuki s car subscription program is available in
25 cities, promoted by four trusted partners. This mobility
solution offers customers the freedom to drive a new car
without ownership related overheads. The model eliminates
upfront costs, offers flexible terms, and allows easy upgrades.
IT enables urban drivers seeking convenience, cost-efficiency
and flexibility.
Presence in 25 cities
5. Subscription Partners
Available on 14 Models
Flexible tenure options
Multiple annual mileage options
Flexibility of Vehicle Maintenance
Option (With / Without)
Multiple end-of-tenure options -
Return, Retain, or Extend
ABR Sanding Process
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Customer Satisfaction
In line with MSIL s core value of customer obsession, the
Company regularly gauges customer satisfaction levels with
the sales and service processes experienced at dealerships
and service centers. The Company has a robust customer
complaint management system comprising of reporting
channels such as the Company s website, toll-free helpline,
and social media. The complaint redressal process is well
structured with defined escalation mechanisms that ensure
time-bound resolution.
During the year, the Company introduced the Net Promoter
Score (NPS) framework in its sales operations. NPS is a
globally recognised metric that measures customer loyalty
and their likelihood to recommend MSIL to others.
This initiative has enabled the Company to gain deeper
insights into customer sentiment and further strengthen its
customer-centric approach. The NPS for the year stood at
89.5 (ARENA 90.2 and NEXA 87.9).
An essential parameter to evaluate customer satisfaction
related to service operations is customer complaints
per 1,000 vehicles serviced (CC/1,000). The Company
continuously monitors customer feedback and ensures timely
implementation of countermeasures by the workshops.
IT constantly strives to reduce the number of complaints and
resolution time by maintaining regular customer engagement
and introducing digital tools. During the year, the Company
achieved a CC/1,000 score of 0.66.
Product Recall Management
Maruti Suzuki places the highest importance on customer
safety and responds swiftly to any reported concerns. Each
issue undergoes a thorough technical evaluation to determine
the appropriate course of action. In FY 2024-25, the Company
initiated one voluntary recall in the domestic market where
in around 2,555 vehicles, suspected parts were replaced.
Post-recall analysis helped to improve product quality
standards. Maruti Suzuki also supports its supplier ecosystem
to strengthen their Quality Management Systems.
The Company s defect management framework helps in
root cause identification, timely countermeasures, and
prevention of recurrence. These systems are regularly
reviewed and refined in response to evolving regulations and
market conditions.
Maruti Suzuki remains committed to gathering defect-related
feedback and will continue to initiate voluntary recalls when
necessary, reinforcing its dedication to customer safety and
product reliability.
Social
Customer Safety
Maruti Suzuki remains deeply committed to enhancing customer safety by continuously upgrading the safety standards of its
vehicles. In FY 2024-25, the Company expanded the availability of six airbags as a standard feature across a wide range of
models, ensuring improved occupant protection beyond regulatory requirements. Additionally, several models demonstrated
strong performance in crash assessments. The new Dzire scored a 5-star safety rating in the Bharat NCAP crash test. The
Baleno scored a 4-star safety rating the Bharat NCAP crash test, reflecting robust engineering and safety design. By making six
airbags standard and achieving high crash test ratings, the Company continues to prioritise customer well-being, reinforce trust
in its products, and align with global safety benchmarks. These efforts form a key part of Maruti Suzuki s broader strategy to
deliver safer, more reliable mobility solutions to Indian consumers.
Corporate Social Responsibility
The Company s CSR initiatives aim to create social value for
the local community and society at large. Through its CSR
projects, the Company aims to create a meaningful and
lasting impact on the lives of beneficiaries. MSIL undertakes
CSR projects primarily in the areas of road safety, skill
development and community development. The Company
continued to channel its expertise and partnership approach
into high impact social programmes. The strategy remains
focus, innovate, replicate : scale a handful of proven models
instead of dispersing resources thinly.
During the reporting period, the Company continued to
strengthen its commitment to its focus areas by scaling
up existing programmes and launching new, high-impact
initiatives. Under its community development efforts, the
Company introduced projects focused on popularisation of
Fermented Organic Manure, setting up school libraries, and
piloting an initiative to combat anaemia. In the area of skill
development, several short-term training programmes were
implemented through Japan-India Institutes for Manufacturing
(JIM), alongside the introduction of new technology courses
and support for ITI infrastructure development. On the road
safety front, the Company expanded its efforts to set up
ADTTs in various states.
The Company s CSR activities are steered by the CSR
Committee, and all the projects are monitored and reviewed
by the Committee for their impact on the beneficiaries.
A third-party impact assessment study is also carried out for
the flagship projects.
Community Development
The Company undertakes various community development
initiatives with an aim to improve the healthcare, education,
water, sanitation, common community assets, etc. of the local
community. These projects are undertaken to address the
specific needs of local communities and implemented through
a multi year and holistic plan.
Multispeciality Hospital, Sitapur, Gujarat
Entered its fourth year of operation; the hospital is delivering
advanced tertiary care services to villagers from nearly
400 villages. The hospital s primary objective is to improve
the accessibility and affordability of a variety of healthcare
services to neighbouring communities. During the reporting
period, the operational support to the hospital is provided
as a part of the long-term commitment to provide quality
healthcare services.
The hospital offers a comprehensive range of facilities,
including round-the-clock care by specialised medical staff,
state-of-the-art equipment, and an array of advanced clinical
facilities such as General Medicine, Orthopedics, advanced
cardiac care through Cath lab, Trauma, Gynaecology, Urology,
Nephrology and Dialysis.
Zydus Sitapur Hospital, Gujarat - IPD Ward
360 view Camera and Six Airbags in the Dazzling-New Dzire
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

As a symbol of quality healthcare provider, the Hospital
is accredited with NABH (National Accreditation Board
for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers) certification and
conferred with gold quality certification by the Quality Council
of India.
Since its establishment, the hospital has treated more
than 1,25,000 patients. Additionally, the hospital has been
proactive in health promotion and awareness, organising
health camps aimed at preventive care. During the reporting
period alone, the hospital has treated more than 25,000
outpatients and 2,200 inpatients.
Maruti Suzuki Podar Learn School at Sitapur, Gujarat
Like the multispeciality hospital, Maruti Suzuki Podar Learn
school also entered its fourth year of operation; delivering
quality school education to the students from local villages.
The school is dedicated to the holistic development
of children.
The school is equipped with advanced infrastructure,
including well-furnished classrooms, a comprehensive library,
and modern science and computer labs, latest technologies
like interactive flat panels (smart boards), visualisers, 3D
printers, robotic labs, etc. to enhance the educational
experience. The school is spread across 4.45 acres with
amenities such as multi sports playground including a lawn
tennis court, badminton court, Basketball court, etc., During
the reporting period, operational support is provided to
the school as a long-term commitment to provide quality
education to the local children.
Social
125,000+
Patients treated at multispeciality hospital,
Sitapur since its inception
15,000+
Dialysis performed since inception
~320
Institutional deliveries
performed since inception
~90
Villages covered through
ambulance service
400+
Villages are covered through the
hospital s advanced
tertiary care service
The school is equipped with
the latest technologies like
interactive flat panels (smart
boards), visualisers, 3D printer,
robotic labs, etc. to enhance
the educational experience.
Students enrolled in the school
Maruti Suzuki Podar Learn School
Sports Facility at Maruti Suzuki Podar Learn School
Zydus Sitapur Hospital, Gujarat
Zydus Sitapur Hospital, Gujarat - Cath lab
In addition to a strong academic focus, the school places
significant emphasis on extracurricular activities, encouraging
students to explore and develop their talents in various
fields. Trainers were assigned to the students in their areas of
interest. Facilities for sports, arts, music, etc. are provided,
promoting physical health, creativity, and teamwork among
students. Also, to enrich their overall learning, the students
were given the opportunity to participate in carefully curated
educational tours to various destinations close to the school.
This balanced approach ensures that students are not only
academically proficient but also well-rounded individuals
capable of critical thinking and innovation.
Additionally, the school is conducting a Japanese life
skills programme to enhance teacher training, ensuring
that the education imparted is comprehensive and of the
highest quality.
During the reporting period, the school infrastructure is
further upgraded by setting up of assembly shed and other
infrastructure upgrades. The school has greatly improved
the local students access to quality education. Around 620
students are studying in the school. The school consistently
delivers outstanding academic performance while excelling
in a wide range of non-academic pursuits. Most recently, IT
celebrated a remarkable achievement with a 100% pass rate
in its inaugural 10th standard batch, reflecting its commitment
to holistic education and excellence.
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Village Development Project
The village development initiatives in the selected villages near
Company's facilities mainly focus on areas such as water,
sanitation, health, education, common community assets,
etc. Village-wise development plans are made for the holistic
development of villages in a phased manner to improve
quality of life for the people living in villages. The water ATMs
set up by the Company have significantly contributed to
creating access to clean potable water. Along with water
ATMs, overhead water tanks were constructed, and water
pipelines were laid to improve the accessibility to water at the
household level.
To improve sanitation in the villages, individual household
toilets were constructed, sewer lines were laid and
maintained. The development of amenities like bus
sheds, community halls, paver and concrete roads,
cremation grounds, community facilitation centres, and the
upgrading of existing facilities are all part of MSIL s village
development projects.
Social
Fermented Organic Manure
The Company has initiated a project to popularise the use of Fermented Organic Manure (FOM) among farmers.
Currently in the research phase, the project is being carried out in collaboration with IARI Pusa, focusing on lab and
field studies of FOM derived from various Compressed Biogas (CBG) plants. In the next phase, the initiative will expand
to include extensive farmer extension activities such as the establishment of frontline demonstration farms, aimed
at showcasing the benefits of FOM and encouraging its adoption among the farming community. Popularising the
Fermented Organic Manure (FOM) among the farmers offers multiple benefits, including improved soil health through
reduced dependence on inorganic fertilisers, curb stubble burning, reduce the greenhouse gas emission, generate rural
employment opportunities across the value chain, etc. contributing to sustainable agricultural development.
During the reporting period, MSIL has launched a new
initiative to install solar facilities in village institutions,
including schools, community facilitation centres,
Anganwadis, and water distribution systems. This effort
aims to provide sustainable and reliable energy solutions,
enhancing the efficiency and quality of services in rural areas.
Anaemia Reduction
Maruti Suzuki has launched a pilot project in
partnership with Haryana health department
to address the anaemia problem in Kasan
village, Manesar.
Aligned with the Government of India s vision for an
Anaemia Mukt Bharat, the programme aims to address
the high prevalence of anaemia, particularly among
women and adolescent girls. IT aims to strengthen
Government s efforts by focusing on early screening
for anaemia, enabling timely detection and intervention.
During the reporting period 8,000 individuals were
targeted through the programme.
The project supports affected individuals through the
provision of medicines, supplements, and awareness
about right nutrition. IT also promotes the uptake
of iron-rich and balanced diets through behaviour
change communication.
School Library Project in partnership with
the Department of Education
Two libraries have been set-up in Government Senior
Secondary Schools in Rohna and Thana Kalan
villages, near Kharkhoda, Haryana.
These libraries were equipped with computers, over
2,100 textbooks and reading materials, and dedicated
study spaces. These facilities are designed to promote
digital literacy and foster a culture of reading among
600 students, contributing to long-term educational
development in the region.
Community Development Activities undertaken in
Villages around the MSIL Facilities during FY 2024-25
Activity
Output
Solar facility in
village institutions
52 kW in 5 villages
(Kharkhoda and Gujarat)
Individual household toilets
65 nos. in Finchadi, Gujarat
Upgradation of Health and
Wellness centre
Kasan, Manesar and
Baliyana, Rohtak
Desks for school
300 nos. in Sarhaul, Gurgaon
Classroom construction
Rampur, Kharkhoda
School renovation
Saidpur, Kharkhoda
Construction of village roads
15 kms. in 13 villages
(Kharkhoda, Gujarat and
Rohtak)
Community facilitation centre
Naviyani, Gujarat
Construction of
multipurpose shed
Khoh, Manesar
Upgradation of stadium
Bohar, Rohtak
Upgradation of crematoriums
Sohati, Kharkhoda and Aliyar
and Bas Kushla in Manesar
Development of Shed, Bohar Village
Development of School, Rampur Village
Solar Power System Installation at School, Saidpur
Field Testing of FOM at IARI, Pusa
Inauguration of School Library Project
Inauguration of Anaemia Reduction Project, Kasan Village
Students in Front of the Newly Setup Library
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Testimonials
Social
The paver blocks at Gaushala have made the
place cleaner and more accessible for the local
community members including children and
elderly visitors.
Community Member
The upgraded Health and Wellness Centre has
benefitted my whole family. We are receiving
better care.
Community Member
Earlier, the health care centre would be flooded
during rainy season. Now, the centre is in great
condition, attracting more visitors.
Community Member
The new classrooms are well-constructed, and
attendance has increased as parents now trust the
quality of education here.
School Teacher
Earlier, broken tiles and water seepages made
teaching difficult. Now, with safe and colourful
classrooms, both students and I are enjoying the
time at school
Community Member
Earlier we had no proper reading space.
Now students look forward to library periods
School Principal, School at Rohna, Haryana
Primary Healthcare
Renovation/upgradation of 6 Health Centers
Provided medical equipment to improve the
health care facilities
Anaemia reduction project in Manesar and
Rohtak region targeting around 20,000 women
and children
Education
Around 50 schools were
supported with infrastructure and
learning equipment such as
Water tanks
Toilet blocks
Boundary wall
Paving and Greening
Classrooms constructed and repaired.
Electrical fittings
Education equipment
Additional teachers provided to improve the
learning level
Sanitation and Hygiene
4,520 individual household toilets constructed
Four waste collection vans were donated
Household waste collection in villages
Around 56 km of sewer lines were constructed
Constructed waste management plant
Storytelling project to promote the 4R approach
(Reduce, Reuse, Recycle and Respect)
Common Community Assets
20 bus sheds constructed
Six community halls were constructed
Around 85 km of paver roads were constructed
Community facilitation centres were constructed
Cremation sheds constructed
Repair of storm drains in villages
Solar streetlights were set up in villages
Development of village parks
Water
28 Water ATMs set up benefitting more than
38,500 households
Around 20 km of water pipelines
were constructed
Three water tanks were constructed
Waterworks in villages and rejuvenation of a
village pond
Key Outputs Achieved through the Village Development Project Since Inception
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

e-Parivartan: Employee Volunteering Programme
The employee-volunteering programme, e-Parivartan converts the technical flair and community spirit of employees
into hands-on social impact. The programme undertook various volunteering initiatives like blood donation drives,
sapling plantations, engaging with old age homes, orphaned children, wheelchair assembly and donation, etc.
FY 2024-25 Highlights
Over 3,000 volunteering hours were spent by
the employees
744 units of blood donated, potentially saving
2,200+ lives
250 Braille kits donated to visually impaired students
100 headphones provided as learning tools for visually
impaired students
Drawing kits and flags distributed to street and
orphaned children
1,000+ kg of dry ration and 250+ toiletry items donated
to elderly shelter homes
Medical supplies donated, impacting 500+ elderly
residents across two centres
40 wheelchairs assembled and donated to persons
with disabilities
2,000 trees planted in Uncha Majra village, Haryana
200+ STEM kits used in hands-on workshops with
school students
Skill Development Projects
The Company has taken up a set of well-established skill
development programmes. In its endeavour to promote skill
development, the Company adopts a two-pronged approach
to enhance the capabilities of individuals and create a skilled
and industry-ready workforce. Through the first approach,
the Company has established the new vocational training
Institutes, Japan India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) to
provide comprehensive training, incorporating theoretical
knowledge and practical experience. The second approach
focuses on improving the infrastructure and capacity of
trainers of existing Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) to
provide a conducive learning environment for students,
equipped with modern tools and equipment necessary for
skill development required for the industry.
In addition to establishing skill training centres and supporting
existing government ITIs, the Company actively implements
apprenticeship and internship programmes aimed at
enhancing employability among ITI pass-outs and graduates.
These initiatives provide hands-on industry exposure,
mentorship, and practical experience, bridging the gap
between classroom learning and workplace requirements.
By integrating these programmes into its CSR strategy, the
Company reinforces its commitment to nurturing a skilled and
job-ready workforce.
Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing
Japan-India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM) is a flagship skill
development institute that offers vocational training courses.
IT is a testament to the collaborative efforts between the
governments of India and Japan in fostering skill development
and promoting excellence in the manufacturing sector.
During the reporting period, over 300 students were trained
through three JIMs and around 2,000 students were trained at
JIMs, since its inception.
During the reporting period, a new JIM is being set up in
Sonipat, Haryana, and the admission will begin in Academic
Year 2025. With the new JIM, The Company has so far
established two JIMs in Gujarat and two in Haryana.
JIMs enable the students to learn advanced manufacturing
techniques and efficient shop-floor management practices
based on Japanese manufacturing principles and soft
skills required to make them industry-ready. The students
were given hands-on learning through state-of-the-art
machinery and equipment. Unique features of JIMs are a
mini-vehicle assembly line, engine assembly line, safety
lab, welding & painting simulators, full-fledged paint booth,
all kinds of welding set-up, body repair shop and spot-
welding equipment, etc., Soft skill curriculum developed by
AOTS, Japan. Training courses are aligned with automobile
manufacturing, maintenance and service-related skills.
Social
Plantation Drive
Blood Donation Drive
Saplings Plantation
Event at National Association for Blind
Japan India Institute for Manufacturing at Mehsana, Gujarat
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Social
The JIMs are recognised by the National Council of Vocational
Training (NCVT), India and accredited by the Ministry of
Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), Japan.
JIMs have adopted the Dual System of Training (DST),
combining classroom instruction with practical on-the-job
industry training. The JIMs focus on enhancing the
employability of the youth and provides Earn While You
Learn opportunities to the students. JIM students undergo
seven months of paid industry training each year, gaining
practical manufacturing experience.
~2,000
Students were trained at JIMs, since its inception
New technology courses
focusing on the electric vehicles
were launched at JIMs
Short Term Training Programmes at JIM
Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL) is one of the short-
term training programme for experienced manpower and
non-certified engaged in the manufacturing industry.
Through the programme, workmen are trained, evaluated,
and awarded skill certificates recognised by the National
Council for Vocational Education and Training (NCVET).
The training programme comprises of practical training
and theoretical training covering basic concepts (job role
specific), safety, soft skills, etc. Post training assessment
is done by external agencies.
Recruit, Train and Deploy (RTD) is another short-
term training programme offered by JIM for upskilling
unemployed youth/ Freshers for specific job roles aligned
with National Skill Qualification Framework. The training
programme equips the trainee with requisite skills and
understanding for the job roles such as Welding operator,
Machining Operator etc. With training and skill certification
they are more productive and motivated for a longer
tenure jobs. The successful candidates are awarded
National Council of Vocational and Educational Training
(NCVET) certificate of Govt of India. During the reporting
period over 60 individuals got trained through RTD
programme and over 1,600 individuals got trained through
RPL programme.
Despite challenges, I gained confidence through
hands-on learning and positive feedback.
Trainee from JIM
The 5S classes taught me professionalism,
boosting my confidence.
Trainee from JIM
Mini Assembly at JIM
Students Learning at JIM
Hybrid and paint simulators
introduced at JIMs to give
students hand-on learning
experience
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Social
Upgradation of Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) and Diploma Colleges
The Company undertakes the upgradation of the existing
government ITIs in the country by setting up skill labs and
providing specialised training to ITI students and trainers.
These labs equip the ITIs with industry-relevant training tools,
such as safety labs and Maruti Suzuki Basic Training (MSBT)
labs, to prepare the students for work on production lines.
The MSTCs are equipped with training kits like assembly
conveyor line with ANDON system, car body shell for part
fitments, spot weld machine and welding jig, pretreatment
station and sealer application simulator, CNC turning
machine, safety simulators, etc.
In addition to the labs, the Company also set up modular
production system with IoT in the two supported diploma
colleges. During the reporting period, Maruti Suzuki Training
Center (MSTC) were set up in seven Govt. ITIs. As part of the
ITI upgradation efforts, around 14,200 students and 237 ITI
teachers were trained cumulatively.
Recognising the importance of skilled manpower in the
automobile service trade, the Company has also established
Automotive Skill Enhancement Centres (ASES) in the
existing ITIs. These centres focus on improving the quality
of manpower by providing specialised training in automotive
servicing, maintenance, and repair. By upskilling individuals
in this sector, Maruti Suzuki contributes to the overall
development of the automobile service industry.
The Company has supported Automobile Skill Enhancement
Centres (ASECs) in 31 ITIs pan India. Trades include Mechanic
Motor Vehicle (MMV), Auto Body Repair (ABR) and Auto
Body Paint (ABP). During the reporting period, around 1,700
students were trained through the ASECs. Additionally, High
Voltage (Hybrids and EV) training equipment were set up in
around 100 ITIs. Through this facility, around 2,700 students
were trained.
~1,700
ITI students trained at ASECs during FY 2024-25
~14,200
Students received training at MSIL supported ITIs
during FY 2024-25
ITIs have been setup with
High Voltage (Hybrids and EV)
training equipment
Support to Industrial Training Institute, Tathagat
Support to Tathagat ITI aimed at enhancing the job skills of
local tribal youth and girls. Situated in the remote village of
Darhia in Mirzapur district, the initiative boosts local socio-
economic growth by providing training and job opportunities
to underprivileged youth from the local communities.
The practical training provided to us, such as the
operation of welding machines and robots, will be
helpful in my future job.
Trainee from Tathagat ITI
The apprenticeship training gave me more than just
technical skills. IT shaped my confidence and ability
to solve real-world problems.
One of the apprentice
The apprenticeship opportunity was a game
changer for me. I was able to connect my education
to real industry needs and gain confidence in
my abilities.
One of the apprentice
Apprenticeship Programme and
PM Internship Scheme
Maruti Suzuki s Apprenticeship Programme turns fresh
ITI graduates into skilled shop-floor professionals by
immersing them in around 12-month programme. Through
the apprenticeship programme for Industrial Training Institute
(ITI) students, Under CSR, around 2,300 aspiring youth from
various ITIs were trained at the Company s plant.
The apprenticeship programme helps the freshers to
understand the dynamics of the manufacturing industry,
familiarise themselves with industry standards and practices,
and cultivate a strong work ethics. Additionally, exposure to
actual workplace scenarios enhances their problem-solving
abilities, teamwork skills, and adaptability.
Special efforts were made to provide apprentice opportunity
to women, aimed at providing them with practical training and
improve the employment opportunity. This apprenticeship
programme offers women hands-on experience in
various technical trades and mentorship. By focusing
on women, the programme promotes gender diversity in
the workforce, encouraging more inclusive and equitable
employment practices.
~2,300
Youth given apprenticeship
opportunity at MSIL Plants
PM Internship Scheme
Maruti Suzuki is participating in the PM Internship
programme, a national mission to provide real-
world work experience to youth with a focus on
skill development and employability. The Company
is offering structured 12-month internships across
various functions, helping bridge the gap between
academic learning and industry requirements. These
internships are designed to empower youth from
diverse backgrounds, especially those from low-
income households, with practical skills, workplace
exposure, and career readiness.
Road Safety
The Company has launched multiple long-term
initiatives to aid the government in improving road safety
conditions. IT manages the Institute for Driving and Traffic
Research (IDTR) and Road Safety Knowledge Centres
(RSKC) in collaboration with various state governments
across India. In alignment with its commitment to
building safer roads across India, the Company continues
to expand and strengthen road safety initiatives in
collaboration with various state governments. Particularly,
the Company is scaling up the Automated Driving Test
Tracks (ADTT), one of the flagship CSR initiatives in
various states.
Students at supported ITI
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

The automated testing process was really fair.
Everything was dependent on the performance
without any human bias. I felt the overall process
was professional and transparent.
One of the licence test taker
Passing the test through the ADTT centre made
me more sensitive about the road safety, like using
indicators and keeping a safe distance. IT s a very
good start towards responsible driving.
One of the licence test taker
Social
I had a fear of driving, but now my confidence
level is high. The trainers here are good, explain
everything clearly, helping me overcome mistakes.
A female trainee trained at IDTR
The session on blind spots completely changed
how I approach lane-changing and merging
in traffic.
A trainee trained at RSKC
~5.1 Mn
Drivers were trained through IDTRs and RSKCs
since inception
3.2. Lakh
Drivers trained through IDTRs and RSKCs
during reporting period
Automated Driving Test Tracks (ADTT)
To ensure only skilled drivers get a driving license, Automated
Driving Test Tracks were set up in various License Issuing
centres spanning Delhi, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Haryana and
Uttar Pradesh. These facilities feature tracks specifically
designed for conducting driving examinations and are fitted
with high-definition cameras that record the tests in real time.
Additionally, they utilise analytical tools for assessment to
enhance the transparency and efficiency of the driving licence
issuance process.
Based on the success of the first ADTT project at Delhi in
2017, the project is scaled up at Uttarakhand, Bihar, Haryana,
Jammu & Kashmir and Uttar Pradesh and 45 ADTTs have
been set up in these states. The model has evolved into a
nationally emulated benchmark for fair, technology-driven
licensing. Efforts are made to implement ADTTs across
multiple license issuing centres in India, using a saturation
approach, to significantly improve the overall road safety
scenario in the country.
Holistic Road Safety Approach
Maruti Suzuki s road-safety strategy works because
every intervention feeds and cross pollinate with other
interventions. Institute of Driving and Traffic Research
(IDTRs) provide world-class training infrastructure,
including simulators, tracks and fleet of vehicles.
The training programmes keep refreshing the quality of
commercial and private drivers.
Automated Driving Test Tracks (ADTTs) made the license
seekers take the licence exam and therefore their driving
training far more seriously. Integrated Traffic-Safety
Management System (ITSMS), where traffic police get the
feeds from the system to spot violators, issue e-challans
and redesign black-spots.
The Company also deploys its First-Responder Training
(FRT) modules, up-skilling thousands of bus, truck and
cab drivers to deliver first aid in the golden hour . Also,
the Company donated two ambulances to Government
authorities of Haryana now helping in rapid response
during the accidents.
In effect, driving training, driving testing, enforcement and
emergency care are no longer siloed programmes, they
cross-pollinate and reinforce one another that makes the
roads safer.
Institute of Driving and Traffic Research (IDTR)
The Company has set up 8 Institutes of Driving and Traffic
Research (IDTR) and 23 Road Safety Knowledge Centres
(RSKC) in collaboration with six state governments to enhance
driving training and education.
These IDTRs are equipped with advanced test tracks,
driving simulators, and a comprehensive curriculum to offer
various courses for learners, including training for light and
heavy motor vehicle drivers, two-wheeler and three-wheeler
operators, forklift handlers and earth-moving equipment.
The IDTRs provide high-quality, safe driving training to a
diverse group of drivers such as commercial drivers, police
officers, corporate staff and tribal youth. During the reporting
period, the IDTRs and RSKCs have successfully trained
around 3.2 lakh drivers. Since inception, around 21,000
individuals were also trained in First Responder training to
aid road accident victims. Since inception around 5.1 million
drivers were trained through IDTRs and RSKCs.
Automated Driving Test Tracks have been set up
Award
Category
FICCI Road Safety Award 2024
Initiatives/Interventions by Automobile Companies
FICCI Road Safety Award 2024
Winner - Healthcare Initiatives for Road safety
PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industries 2024
Outstanding Contribution to Social Welfare Award
Integrated Health and Well Being Awards (IHW)
Most Innovative CSR project of the Year (ADTT)
Mahatma Awards 2024
CSR Excellence
Integrated Health and Well Being Awards (IHW)
COVID Public Health Warrior
The CSR Universe Social Impact Award 2024
Award of Excellence - Skill Development and Livelihood
CSR Times Award 2024
Healthcare Category (Zydus Sitapur Hospital)
The CSR Journal Excellence Awards 2024
Health and Sanitation
Awards and Recognition
The Company has garnered accolades and awards for
its exceptional contributions in several fields, including
community development, skill development and road
safety. Below are the few awards and recognitions that the
Company has received over the past year. These accolades
are a testament to the Company's commitment to creating a
positive impact on society through its CSR initiatives.
Institute of Driving and Traffic Research, Bahdurgarh
Driving License Testing Process at ADTT
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

The Company operates within a dynamic and highly regulated
environment, which brings both challenges and opportunities. The
Company remains steadfast in its commitment to delivering long-term
value to its shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, and other
stakeholders, guided by the principles of strong corporate governance.
At the heart of MSIL s operations lies a strong ethical
foundation built on transparency, fairness, accountability,
and integrity. These values are not just aspirational -
they are actively woven into the Company s day-to-day
practices. MSIL treats regulatory compliance as a core
aspect of responsible business behaviour, not merely
a legal obligation. To support this, the Company has
implemented rigorous internal controls and governance
systems designed to consistently uphold full compliance
with all applicable laws and standards.
Governance
Structure of the Board and its Committees
The composition, election, and functioning of the Board of
Directors are governed by the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The Board, along with
its various committees, upholds its responsibilities to all
stakeholders by ensuring transparency, independence, and
fairness in its decision-making processes.
As of 31st March 2025, the Board comprised 11 members,
including the Chairman, who serves as a Non-Executive and
Non-Independent Director, and the Managing Director (MD),
who holds the position of Executive Director. The average
tenure of the Board members stood at ~10.39 years, reflecting
stability and experience in governance.
Further details regarding the Board s composition, roles,
and the functioning of its committees can be found in the
Corporate Governance Report on page 202.
Introduction of the Sustainability Committee
In alignment to the Company s long-term commitment
to responsible corporate citizenship and environmental
stewardship, a dedicated Sustainability Committee has been
established As of 31st March 2025, the Committee comprises
seven members, including Independent and Executive
Directors, reflecting a balanced and inclusive approach to
sustainability governance. This initiative showcases MSIL s
proactive stance in integrating sustainability into its core
decision-making processes. The Committee plays a pivotal
role in overseeing the Company s environmental, social, and
governance (ESG) initiatives, ensuring alignment with global
best practices and regulatory expectations.
Shareholders
A
R
A
R
A
R
A
R
A
R
A
R
Audit Accounts
Board of Directors
Statutory Auditor
Audit
Committee
Stakeholders'
Relationship
Committee
CSR
Committee
Risk Management
Committee
Nomination
and Renumeration
Committee
Managing
Director
A
R
Sustainability
Committee
Secretarial
Auditor
Internal
Audit
Whistleblower
System
Complaint
Committee
Chief
Financial Officer
Secretary
Verticals
Finance
R
R
S
R
R
R
R
U
A
R
S
U
A
U
S
R
A
R
A
A R
R
A
Appoints
Reports
Supervises
Audit
Instruction
Complaint
Category
No. of Directors
Non-Executive
Non-Independent
Independent
Executive
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
-
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
-
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Risk Management Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Sustainability Committee
Board Composition as on 31st March, 2025
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Board Diversity
The Company follows a comprehensive Nomination and
Remuneration Policy that promotes diversity within the
Board. This framework considers multiple factors such as
gender, age, educational background, nationality, professional
experience, industry recognition, skill sets, and the ability to
contribute meaningfully to the business.
As of 31st March 2025, the Board included three independent
woman Directors, reflecting the Company s commitment to
gender diversity. All Board members possess the necessary
qualifications, expertise, and experience appropriate to their
roles. Detailed profiles of the Board members are available in
the Corporate Governance Report on page 202.
Board Independence and Effectiveness
As of 31st March 2025, one-third of the Board of Directors
are independent, and the Company has received formal
declarations of independence from all independent Directors.
The Board is committed to safeguarding shareholder
rights and maximising stakeholder value. In compliance
with applicable regulations, the Board conducts an annual
performance evaluation to assess the effectiveness of
its overall functioning, individual Directors, and Board
committees. Further details on Board independence and the
evaluation process are available in the Board s Report on
page 172.
Board meetings were held during the reporting year
98.33%
Average attendance of Directors
Governance
Compliance Management
Compliance is a top priority for Maruti Suzuki. The Company
understands the importance of having a robust Compliance
framework to meet the rigours of regulatory scrutiny.
The Company proactively benchmarked its Compliance
practices with best-in-class industry players and implemented
some additional Compliance initiatives in FY 2024-25
to further strengthen its Compliance framework. The
key initiatives include operationalising the Compliance
Committee, comprising of top business leaders led by MD
& CEO. Business Compliance leaders were also added to
the Compliance Committee leading to better engagement
and ownership of risk management at the business level.
The quarterly cadence of the Compliance Committee
meetings has helped to provide visibility of Compliance
issues and risks to senior management and support seamless
horizontal implementation of new Compliance initiatives
across Company processes and locations.
The Company is compliant with all applicable laws, including
but not limited to labour, environmental, industrial, financial,
IT, corporate laws and ensures compliances mandated
for a listed company under the Companies Act, 2013
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015. A Compliance certificate is submitted to the Board of
Directors on a quarterly basis. The Company did not have
any significant non-compliance with applicable laws and
regulations during the year.
The Company observed its 9th annual Compliance Month in
October 2024 with the theme - I Own My Compliance, I Build
Trust . The Chairman of the Company, Mr. R.C. Bhargava and
Managing Director & CEO, Mr. H. Takeuchi set the tone from
the top. Industry experts from PwC also shared their views
on the importance of Compliance for growth. All employees
pledged to uphold the Company s Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and the policies and procedures governing
their areas of work to promote a culture of Compliance in
The Company conducted quizzes across different locations
and business verticals to enhance employee awareness on
Compliance. IT also conducted over 100 sessions covering
different aspects of Compliance and risk management for its
employees, business associates and partners to keep abreast
with the requirements of a dynamic regulatory landscape.
With the objective of extending Compliance and governance
to the larger business ecosystem, the Company conceived
a first of its kind industry initiative to partner with its
suppliers to develop a Corporate Governance Framework .
The initiative, which was launched in FY 2023-24, received
unanimous support from the supplier partners and a
collaborative working committee of top suppliers was
formed in FY 2024-25 to develop a common framework of
governance. This collaborative ideation led to the creation of
the MSIL Supplier Corporate Governance Framework with
the primary focus on enhancing self-governance by increased
accountability and transparency through collective knowledge
sharing and adoption of best practices. The top 100 supplier
partners of the Company have voluntarily embraced the
initiative in FY 2024-25 and the Company plans to extend
this initiative to all the supplier partners in FY 2025-26.
The MSIL Supplier Corporate Governance Framework is an
illustration of driving sustainable growth across the Company
business ecosystem.
In FY 2024-25, the Company launched a Compliance Survey
(R 5.18) for its employees to get ground level feedback on
Compliance understanding and implementation. The tone
for this R 5.18 survey was set by Managing Director & CEO
Mr. H. Takeuchi by urging all employees to take the survey
without any fear and report without hesitation. The survey
was completed by all employees and basis the outcome,
the Company has taken steps to further enhance its
Compliance management. The Company was also invited
to share its experience and best practices of managing the
R 5.18 survey at the Suzuki Annual Compliance Event held in
Hamamatsu, Japan.
In FY 2024-25, the Company also enabled women in night
shift on the shop floor subject to requisite safety measures
and appropriate approval from government authority.
Policy on
Materiality
Policy on
Dividend
Distribution
Policy on
Subsidiary
Companies
Policy on Related
Party Transactions
Corporate
Gifting Policy
Code of Fair
Disclosure
Code of Business
Conduct
and Ethics
Quality
Policy
Corporate Social
Responsibility
Policy
Environmental and
Energy Policy
Occupational
Health and
Safety Policy
Whistle Blower
Policy
Anti-Child
Labour Policy
HIV/AIDS
Workplace Policy
Policy on
Prevention of
Sexual Harassment
Policy
Guidelines on
Green Procurement
Information
Security Policy
Competition
Compliance Policy
Conflicts of
Interest Policy
Complaint
Management and
Disciplinary Policy
Human Rights
Policy
Key Codes and Policies
Equal
Opportunity Policy
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Tone from the Top during the Compliance Month
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Chairman
A company cannot build a sustainable
and profitable business by being
non-compliant or unethical in its ways
of working.
Business competitiveness and
profitability requires a strong element
of trust in all aspects of operations.
Compliance with what is right and
fair is a fundamental requirement of
building trust.
Mr. H Takeuchi
MD & CEO
As we expand the scale of business,
integrating a Compliance by design
mindset from the start will allow us to
avoid potential disruptions that could
impact business continuity.
Success is not guaranteed unless
each one of us owns compliance
and accepts personal responsibility
for ensuring compliance in our
respective business areas.
Ms. Manjaree Chowdhary
Senior Executive Officer and General
Counsel
New business risks and the
regulatory demands driven by a
need for a sustainable future are
placing increased responsibility and
accountability on companies.
To successfully meet such evolving
requirements, employees need to
be constantly vigilant, be highly
accountable and demonstrate
individual ownership of Compliance.
Code of Business Conduct and Conflicts of Interest
The Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
(COBCE) guides its employees to take right decisions in
business dealings. The COBCE is applicable to all employees
and addresses multiple facets relating to compliance with
laws, fair employment practices, working with stakeholders,
environment, health and safety, conflicts of interest, privacy
and safeguarding assets. All employees, including new
hires are sensitised on the COBCE and Conflicts of Interest
(COI) Policy through structured training programmes.
The employees reiterate their commitment to compliance with
the COBCE by submitting an annual declaration. In addition
employees also make an annual declaration of any Conflicts
of Interest. Apart from the COBCE, the Company has duly
approved Standing Orders to regulate the service and
conduct of the workers.
The Company also ensures that its business associates and
partners commit to compliance with all applicable regulatory
requirements such as labour laws, prohibition of child labour,
prevention of sexual harassment of women at workplace,
environment, human rights, etc.
Whistleblower Mechanism
The Company s Whistle Blower Policy allows employees
to bring instances of violations of the COBCE
and unethical behaviour to the knowledge of the
Management. The complaints can be received directly by
the Ombudsperson appointed for this purpose or by the
Company s Complaint Committee. During the reported
period, two cases were reported to the Ombudsperson, which
was also brought to the attention of the Audit Committee of
the Board. The cases were duly investigated by the Complaint
Committee with the support of a third-party external expert,
and appropriate action was taken under the Disciplinary
Policy of the Company.
Intellectual Property
The Company recognises the importance of IP in today s
knowledge driven economy. Hence, as a part of its overall
business strategy and future growth, IT remains committed
to expanding its IP portfolio and fostering innovation across
all aspects of its business.
In FY 2024-25, the Company broadened its IP portfolio to
cover emerging technology domains such as digital and
metaverse. The Company also filed 102 patents and achieved
a landmark figure of 1,100+ cumulative filed patents. The
Company created an Intellectual Property (IP) handbook to
assist employees in ensuring timely IP protection and avoid
infringement of third-party IP rights. IT also implemented
an improved IP reward policy to inspire and incentivise
its employees.
The Company conducts regular evaluations to enhance its
IP management and explore opportunities in new areas for
IP protection. Simultaneously, IT upholds and respects the
IP rights of other companies and implements preventive
measures to avoid any inadvertent infringement.
Data Protection
The Company is dedicated to safeguarding the privacy rights
of its stakeholders. As a responsible corporate entity, IT aims to
protect its stakeholders personally identifiable information in
accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000, and the
newly enacted Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023. The
Company is actively working to establish a robust data privacy
framework that aligns with the requirements of the new law.
To manage data privacy concerns, the Company has set up
a dedicated Data Protection Office and appointed a Data
Protection Officer. The details of the Data Protection Officer are
available on the Company s website to facilitate communication
with external stakeholders and Government authorities
regarding any queries or concerns related to personal data.
The Company is aligning its digital platforms with the data
privacy regulatory frameworks to safeguard stakeholders'
personal information. Employees are regularly educated
on the Company's data protection policies and the latest
developments in data privacy laws through awareness
sessions with industry experts, e-learning modules, induction
programs for new hires and business advisories.
These initiatives underscore the Company s commitment
to safeguarding personal data, ensuring compliance with
applicable laws, and maintaining the trust of stakeholders.
Information Security
With increasing digitalisation, rise in cyber-crimes and
downtimes in manufacturing industry, high cost of data
breaches and evolving regulations, businesses are placing
greater focus on detecting, preventing, and combating
information security threats. The Company identified its
information security risks and is committed to safeguarding
business information from internal and external threats.
Guided by the provisions of the Information Technology
(IT) Act, 2000 and other applicable regulations as well as
international standards, the Company has established robust
policies and processes on information security.
The Company s Information Security policy provides
management direction and guidance to ensure availability,
integrity and confidentiality of information and information
systems across locations. Management Information Security
Forum (MISF) has been constituted, which is chaired by
Managing Director and comprises Head of IT, Chief Information
Security Officer (CISO) and other senior management
Governance
Status of Compliances during FY 2024-25
Environmental Laws and
Regulations
No non-compliance and significant sanctions (monetary or non-monetary) were imposed on the
Company by the regulatory authorities. Emissions and waste generation were within the limits
defined by the Pollution Control Board. As on 31st March 2025, satisfactory replies had been given
to all show-cause notices received from the Pollution Control Board.
Marketing Communications
No incidents of non-compliance.
Advertising Standards
No complaints were filed.
Competition Law
Case Related to Aftermarket Sale of Spare Parts: An investigation was initiated by the
Competition Commission of India (CCI) in 2011 against a few car manufacturing companies wherein
IT was contended that these companies were not making genuine spare parts of automobiles
freely available in the open market. CCI later expanded the scope of investigation to other car
manufacturing companies, including the Company. In the final order passed by the CCI on 25th
August 2014, certain directions were laid down against the automobile companies and penalties
were imposed. A penalty of I 4,711.4 million was imposed on the Company.
The Company contested this matter before the Delhi High Court primarily on the ground that IT was
not a named party in the investigation and that the investigation ought not to have been conducted
against the Company. On the contrary, the Company was named in the information given by the
informant as a Company that made spare parts easily accessible in the open market. The Delhi
High Court, on 16th May 2019, disposed the petition stating that Company had alternative remedies
available. Thereafter, the Company filed a Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court of India,
wherein a stay on the CCI s order was granted and the stay is continuing.
Matter relating to discount control practices: An investigation was initiated suo-moto by the CCI
in February 2019 based on the information provided by a purported dealer of the Company. The
dealer alleged that the Company resorts to anti-competitive discount control practices. The CCI
passed its final order on 23rd August 2021 and held that the Company indulged in anti-competitive
discount control practices (re-sale price maintenance) and imposed a penalty of I 2,000 million
on the Company. The Company filed an appeal against the order of the CCI before the National
Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT), wherein on 22nd November 2021, a stay on the order of
the CCI was granted subject to the deposit of I 200 million. The stay is continuing.
Consumer Protection Laws
As on 31st March 2025, 1,844 consumer cases involving the Company were pending before
various forums.
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Governance
Manufacturing and
Testing Facilities
Tier-2
Management
Manufacturing
Process Control
Financial
Prudence
Risk Management
Maintenance
Capability
Safety
Management
Human Resource
Development
Top Management
Focus on Excellence
Suppliers
Comprehensive
Excellence (CE)
Framework
personnel. The MISF facilitates internal communication of
information security programmes and implements processes
for risk assessment and security classification of information
systems. MISF meets on a yearly basis and reports security
critical matters to the Board of Directors.
An Information Security Management System (ISMS) has
been established as per ISO 27001, and the Head Office and
manufacturing facilities in Gurugram and Manesar and R&D
centre at Rohtak are certified by authorised external agencies.
As part of ISMS risk assessment is conducted once a year
and is audited annually, both internally and externally. Based
on risk assessments and audits, corrective and preventive
actions are prepared for the ISMS.
As security alerts increase, artificial intelligence (AI) and
machine-learning (ML) tools have become key to effective
security threat detection and response. The Company
is working on onboarding and creating a NextGen
Security Operation Centre to offer an integrated security
incident response with sophisticated threat identification
and mitigation.
Employees are sensitised on information security and cyber
security policies of the Company through e-learning modules,
new joiners induction programme and regular advisories.
Security awareness sessions with industry experts are
conducted to further enhance the security awareness of
employees, Tier-1 suppliers and partners of MSIL.
Value Chain Governance
The Company s upstream value chain consists of a complex
multi-tiered supply chain network providing components,
raw material and consumables. IT consists of over 400 Tier-1
suppliers, including 17 JV companies and over 1,500 Tier-
2 suppliers. The Company has a policy of prioritising local
procurement to improve efficiency, mitigate environmental
and safety impacts and ensure business continuity. Around
94% of Tier-1 suppliers are in India and around 87% of
supplier plants in the country are within 100 km of the
Company s manufacturing facilities.
The Company has implemented a Comprehensive
Excellence (CE) framework, under which the Indian Tier-1
component suppliers are holistically assessed on nine critical
sustainability pillars, while meeting the growing business
needs. Assessments of supplier plants are carried out on CE
pillars in a planned manner.
For ensuring a sustainable supply chain, the Company follows
a multi-pronged approach. The Company has implemented
several Supplier monitoring and upgradation programmes, in
the areas of Quality, Safety, Human Resource Management,
Finance and Risk Management, among several others.
Through these programmes, awareness is spread, and
supplier partners are provided with adequate guidance,
support and training to help them meet the standards.
Performance against these standards is monitored at
periodic intervals.
GRI Content Index
Statement of use
Maruti Suzuki India Limited has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 1st April 2024
- 31st March 2025 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI Standard
Disclosure
Reference Section / Remarks
GRI 2: General
Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details
Company profile
2-2 Entities included in the organization s
sustainability reporting
Approach to reporting
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and
contact point
Approach to reporting
2-4 Restatements of information
-
2-5 External assurance
Independent verification statement
2-6 Activities, value chain and other
business relationships
Company profile;
Value chain governance
2-7 Employees
2-8 Workers who are not employees
2-9 Governance structure and composition
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest
governance body
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in
sustainability reporting
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
2-15 Conflicts of interest
Code of business conduct and conflicts
of interest
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the
highest governance body
Board independence and effectiveness
2-19 Remuneration policies
2-20 Process to determine remuneration
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio
2-22 Statement on sustainable
development strategy
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
2-23 Policy commitments
Key codes and policies
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and
raising concerns
Whistleblower mechanism
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations
2-28 Membership associations
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder engagement
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements
Labour relations
GRI 3: Material
Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics
Material topics
3-2 List of material topics
Material topics
3-3 Management of material topics
Material topics
GRI 201: Economic
Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated
and distributed
Triple bottom line performance
GRI 204: Procurement
Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on
local suppliers
Value chain governance
GRI 206: Anti-
competitive
Behavior 2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior,
anti-trust, and monopoly practices
GRI 301
Materials 2016
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume
Notes to the standalone financial statements
GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within
the organization
Energy use
302-3 Energy intensity
Energy use
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption
Energy use
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Alignment with
UNGC Principles
UNGC principle
Description
Reference section
Principle 1
Businesses should support and
respect the protection of internationally
proclaimed human rights
Prevention of sexual harassment
Principle 2
Businesses should make sure they are not
complicit in human rights abuses
Prevention of sexual harassment;
Principle 3
Businesses should uphold the freedom of
association and the effective recognition
of the right to collective bargaining
Labour relations
Principle 4
Businesses should uphold the
elimination of all forms of forced and
compulsory labour
Principle 5
Businesses should uphold the effective
abolition of child labour
Principle 6
Businesses should uphold the
elimination of discrimination in respect of
employment and occupation
Principle 7
Businesses should support
a precautionary approach to
environmental challenges
Sustainability in operations
Principle 8
Businesses should undertake
initiatives to promote greater
environmental responsibility
Renewable energy expansion;
Greenhouse gas management;
Green products;
Green logistics
Principle 9
Businesses should encourage
the development and diffusion of
environmentally friendly technologies
Green products
Principle 10
Businesses should work against
corruption in all its forms, including
extortion and bribery
Compliance management;
Statement of use
Maruti Suzuki India Limited has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 1st April 2024
- 31st March 2025 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI Standard
Disclosure
Reference Section / Remarks
GRI 303: Water and
Effluents 2018
303-3 Water withdrawal
Water management*
303-4 Water discharge
303-5 Water consumption
GRI 305
Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
305-4 GHG emissions intensity
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting
substances (ODS)
Ozone Depleting Substances
GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-2 Management of significant waste
related impacts
Waste management*
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal
Waste management*
306-5 Waste directed to disposal
GRI 401
Employment 2016
401-1 New employee hires and
employee turnover
Talent acquisition and retention
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees
that are not provided to temporary or part-
time employees
Employee welfare and engagement
401-3 Parental leave
GRI 403: Occupational
Health and
Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment,
and incident investigation
403-4 Worker participation, consultation,
and communication on occupational health
and safety
Safety communication and training
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of
occupational health and safety impacts
directly linked by business relationships
Customer safety
Safety campaigns
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational
health and safety management system
403-9 Work-related injuries
Safety performance
GRI 404: Training and
Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year
per employee
Training programmes for employees
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills
and transition assistance programs
Employee welfare and engagement
Training programmes for employees
404-3 Percentage of employees
receiving regular performance and career
development reviews
GRI 405: Diversity
and Equal
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies
and employees
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration
of women to men
GRI 413: Local
Communities 2016
413-1 Operations with local community
engagement, impact assessments, and
development programs
Corporate social responsibility
GRI 417: Marketing
and Labeling 2016
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning
marketing communications
GRI 418: Customer
Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning
breaches of customer privacy and losses of
customer data
Data protection
*Reporting boundary includes manufacturing facilities at Gurugram, Manesar, Kharkhoda and R&D centre at Rohtak
GRI Content Index
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Independent
Verification Statement
To
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
Introduction and Objective of Work
BUREAU VERITAS has been engaged by Maruti Suzuki India
Limited (Corporate Identity Number L34103DL1981PLC011375,
hereafter referred to as MSIL or the Company ) to carry out a
verification of its selected GRI disclosures data for the period
1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025 (FY 2023-24).
The disclosures have been prepared by MSIL in reference to
requirements of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) sustainability
reporting standards 2021.
Intended User
The assurance statement is made solely for MSIL and its
stakeholders as per the governing contractual terms and
conditions of the assurance engagement contract between
MSIL and Bureau Veritas . To the extent that the law
permits, we owe no responsibility and do not accept any
liability to any party other than MSIL for the work we have
performed for this assurance report, or our conclusions stated
in the paragraph below.
Reporting Criteria
In preparing the Integrated Annual Report, FY2024-25,
MSIL has reported in accordance with the Global Reporting
Initiative Standard 2021 (hereinafter abbreviated as GRI
Standard ) for Sustainability Indicators for the FY2024-25.
Reporting period
01st April 2024 to 31st March 2025
Assurance Standards Used
Bureau Veritas conducted the assurance in accordance with:
Assurance requirements of International Federation of
Accountants (IFAC) International Standard on Assurance
Engagement (ISAE) 3000 (revised) - Assurance Engagements
Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information . Under this standard, Bureau Veritas has
reviewed the information presented in the report against
the characteristics of relevance, completeness, materiality,
reliability, neutrality, and understandability.
Level of Assurance: Limited level of Assurance for the
selected GRI disclosures as mentioned in Annexure I.
Scope and Boundary of Assurance
Scope
While the scope of work as agreed for the verification of
the selected GRI disclosures is limited level of verification,
a reasonable level of verification was carried out for the
indicators of GRI 302: Energy 2016 - 302-1, 302-3; GRI 303
Water and Effluents 2018 - 303-3, 303-4, 303-5; GRI 305
Emissions 2016 - 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4; GRI 306
Waste 2020 -306-4; 306-5 disclosures as a part of the BRSR
assessment as mentioned in Annexure I.
Boundary
Boundary covers the performance of MSIL India operations
that fall under the direct operational control of the Company s
legal structure. Based on the agreed scope with the
Company, the boundary of verification covers the operations
of MSIL across all India locations unless otherwise specified
below or by the Company in the disclosures.
GRI disclosure
Boundary for Verification
GRI 303: Water and
Effluents 2018
Manufacturing plants (Gurugram,
Manesar, & Kharkhoda) and R&D
facilities (Gurugram, Rohtak)
GRI 306: Waste 2020
The Methodology Adopted for Assurance
A multi-disciplinary team from Bureau Veritas conducted the
assurance process for Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL)
for the financial year (FY) 2024-25, adopting a risk-based
approach focusing on issues of high material relevance to
MSIL s business and stakeholders. Bureau Veritas carried out
following activities:
Reviewed the disclosures under the GRI 2021 standard, as
per the requirements of limited level of verification
Assessed design and implementation of systems,
processes, and controls for collecting, managing, and
reporting of GRI Standard.
Conducted walk-throughs and sample-based testing of
data sets to ensure adherence to reporting principles and
operational control boundaries.
Gathered extensive evidence through stakeholder
engagement, supported by documentary evidence and
management representations.
Performed on-site audits at selected locations, chosen
based on contribution to reported indicators, operational
complexity, and reporting systems, to verify data accuracy
and process uniformity.
Interviewed senior managers responsible for monitoring,
data collation, and reporting, with freedom to
select interviewees.
Limitation(s) and Exclusions
The assurance process for Maruti Suzuki India Limited
(MSIL) conducted by Bureau Veritas for the FY 2024-25,
includes a limited level of assurance for GRI Standard.
The following limitations and exclusions apply to the
assurance engagement:
Materiality Threshold: The assurance considers an
uncertainty of 5% for estimation or measurement errors
and omissions, based on the materiality threshold.
Exclusion of Financial Data: Bureau Veritas did not
evaluate or assess MSIL s financial data or performance.
For Indicators involving financial metrics (e.g., attributes
8 and 9, or where INR is applied), reliance was placed
on third-party audited financial reports. Bureau Veritas
assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of these
financial reports.
Defined Reporting Period: The assessment is restricted
to data and information within the FY 2024-25 reporting
period. Data outside this period is excluded from the
assurance scope, unless otherwise stated in the report.
Geographical and Operational Boundary: The
assurance covers only operations within the defined
boundary (manufacturing plants in Gurugram and Manesar,
and R&D facilities in Gurugram and Rohtak, unless
otherwise specified). Data or activities outside these
boundaries are not included, unless explicitly stated.
Exclusion of Subjective Statements: The assurance
does not cover MSIL s statements expressing opinions,
beliefs, aspirations, expectations, aims, or future
intentions, nor does IT include assertions related to
Intellectual Property Rights or competitive issues.
Exclusion of Strategy and Legal Compliance
The assessment does not review MSIL s strategy,
related linkages in the report, or compliance with legal
requirements, which remain the responsibility of MSIL.
Data Authenticity Assumption: The assurance relies
on the assumption that data and information provided by
MSIL are complete, sufficient, and authentic.
Conclusion
Bureau Veritas conducted a comprehensive assurance
engagement for Maruti Suzuki India Limited s (MSIL) GRI
disclosures for the period 1st April, 2024, to 31st March, 2025,
as presented in its Report. Subject to the inherent limitations
outlined in the Report, our conclusions are as follows:
Limited Level of verification
On the basis of our verification methodology and scope
of work agreed upon, nothing has come to our attention
to suggest that the selected GRI disclosures as brought
out in Annexure I are not materially correct and is not a fair
representation of the selected GRI disclosures of MSIL for the
reporting period.
Responsibilities
MSIL is completely responsible for the report contents,
identification of material topics, and data reporting structure.
The selection of reporting criteria, reporting period, reporting
boundary, monitoring, and measurement of data, preparation,
and presentation of information for the report are the sole
responsibility of the management of MSIL . Bureau Veritas
was not involved in the drafting or preparation of the report
and any other backup data for the reporting period. The
responsibility of BV was to provide reasonable independent
assurance for the sustainability of non-financial disclosures as
described in the scope of assurance.
The said assessment is properly based on the assumption
that the data and information provided in the report are proper
and without any discrepancy. Bureau Veritas shall not be
held liable or responsible for any type of decision a person
or entity would make based on this assurance statement.
While reading the assurance statement, stakeholders
shall recognise and accept the limitations and scope as
mentioned above.
Competence
The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting
assurance over environmental, social, ethical, and health
& safety information, systems and processes an excellent
understanding of Bureau Veritas standard methodology for
the Assurance of Sustainability Reports.
Uncertainty
The reliability of assurance is subject to uncertainty(ies) that
is inherent in the assurance process. Uncertainties stem
from limitations in quantification models used, assumptions,
or data conversion factors used or may be present in the
estimation of data used to arrive at results. Our conclusions
with respect to this assurance are naturally subject to any
inherent uncertainty(ies) involved in the assurance process.
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Statement of Independence, Impartiality, and
Competence
Bureau Veritas is an independent professional services
company that specialises in Quality, Health, Safety, Social,
and Environmental Management with over 196 years of
history. Its assurance team has extensive experience in
conducting assessment over environmental, social, ethical
and health and safety information, systems and processes.
Bureau Veritas operates a certified Quality Management
System which complies with the requirements of ISO
9001:2015 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive
system of quality control including documented policies
and procedures regarding compliance with ethical
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal
and regulatory requirements.
Bureau Veritas has implemented and applies a Code of Ethics,
which meets the requirements of the International Federation
of Inspections Agencies (IFIA), across the business to ensure
that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional
competence and due care, confidentiality, professional
behaviour, and high ethical standards in their day-to-day
business activities.
The assurance team for this work does not have any
involvement in any other Bureau Veritas projects with MSIL.
Restriction on use of Our Report
Our assurance report for selected GRI disclosures has been
prepared and addressed to the management of MSIL, at
the request of the company solely to assist the company
in reporting on the Company s Sustainability performance
and activities.
Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the
Company. Our deliverables should not be used for any other
purpose or by any person other than the addressees of our
deliverables. The Firm neither accepts nor assumes any duty
of care or liability for any other purpose or to any other party
to whom our deliverables are shown or into whose hands IT
may come without our prior consent in writing.
For Bureau Veritas (India) Private Limited
Amit Kumar
Lead Assuror
Bureau Veritas (India)
Noida, India
Dt: July 29, 2025
Rupam Baruah
Technical Reviewer
Bureau Veritas (India)
Mumbai, India
Dt: July 29, 2025
Annexure I
GRI Disclosures data verified for MSIL
Parameter
Reference GRI
disclosure
Unit
Verified Value
(FY 2024-25)
Energy

Energy Consumption
GRI 302-1
GJ
5,410,979
Energy Intensity (Averaged across vehicles produced)
GRI 302-3
GJ/Annual Vehicle
Production (AVP)
4.13
Water

Water Withdrawal
GRI 303-3
KL
2,128,699
Water Discharge
GRI 303-4
KL
Water Consumption
GRI 303-5
KL
2,128,699
Emissions

Direct Scope 1 GHG Emissions
GRI 305-1
Tonnes CO2e
225,537
Indirect Scope 2 GHG Emissions
GRI 305-2
Tonnes CO2e
215,368
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions for Category 4
(Upstream transportation and distribution)
GRI 305-3
Tonnes CO2e
785,624
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions for Category 11
(Use of sold products)
GRI 305-3
Tonnes CO2e
31,478,952
GHG Emissions Intensity (Averaged across vehicles produced)
GRI 305-4
(Total S1 and S2
emissions) / AVP
0.34
Waste

Waste Recycled (Hazardous waste include Used Oil, E-waste, battery
waste, ETP Sludge, Contaminated barrels and clothes, etc.)
GRI 306-4
Tonnes
20,392
Waste Recycled (Non-Hazardous)
150,000
Waste Disposed (Construction and Demolition Waste)
GRI 306-5
Tonnes
18,377
Waste Disposed (Bio-Medical Waste)
0.14
Employment
Employee Hires and Turnover (Regular Employees)
GRI 401-1
Numbers
-
New Hires Female
-
New Hires Male
2,008
-
Total Turnover (voluntary and involuntary)
Parental Leave
GRI 401-3
Numbers
-
Female employees who took maternity leave
-
Female employees who returned to work
-
Female employees whose maternity leave ended and are still employed
Employee Count (Regular and Non-Regular)
GRI 405-1
Numbers
53,777
Remuneration Ratio of Female to Male (Regular Employees)
GRI 405-2
Numbers
-
Fixed
0.80
-
Fixed and Variable
0.80
Occupational Health and Safety
Regular Employees
GRI 403-9
Per million person
hours worked

-
Fatality Rate
-
Recordable work-related injury rate
0.014
-
Lost time injury rate
0.014
Non-regular Employees

-
Fatality Rate
-
Recordable work-related injury rate
0.11
-
Lost time injury rate
Training and Education
Average Training Hours (Regular Employees)
GRI 404-1
Hours of Training
42.72
Average Training Hours (Non-regular Employees)
18.26
Independent Verification Statement
Value Creation Approach
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Statutory
Reports
Board s Report
Management Discussion
and Analysis
Corporate Governance Report
Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Reporting

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Board s Report
Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the 44th Annual
Report together with the audited financial statements for the
year ended 31st March 2025.
Financial Results
The Company s financial performance during 2024-25 as
compared to the previous year 2023-24 is summarised below:
(I in million)
Particulars
Total revenue
1,566,505
1,447,874
191,832
170,404
Tax expense
52,280
38,310
Profit after tax
139,552
132,094
Balance at the beginning of the year
646,509
541,980
139,552
132,094
Other comprehensive income
arising from remeasurement of
defined benefit obligation*
(595)
(339)
Income on employee welfare fund
(232)
(201)
Expenses on employee welfare fund
Payment of dividend on equity
(39,300)
(27,187)
Balance at the end of the year
746,003
646,509
*net of deferred tax assets of H 200 million (previous year deferred tax
assets of H 114 million)
Financial Highlights
The total revenue was H 1,566,505 million as against
H 1,447,874 million in the previous year showing an increase of
8.19%. Sale of vehicles in the domestic market was 1,901,681
units as compared to 1,852,256 units in the previous year
showing an increase of 2.67%. Total number of vehicles
exported was 332,585 units as compared to 283,067 units in
the previous year showing an increase of 17.49%.
Profit before tax (PBT) was H 191,832 million against H 170,404
million showing an increase of 12.57% and Profit After Tax
(PAT) stood at H 139,552 million against H 132,094 million in the
previous year showing an increase of 5.65%.
Dividend
The Board recommends a dividend of H 135/- per equity share
of H 5/- each for the year ended 31st March, 2025 amounting to
H 42,444 million. No amount was carried to General Reserve.
The Company has formulated a dividend distribution policy
and the same is available on the website of the Company at
the web-link https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/
msilintiwebpdf/MSIL_Dividend_Distribution_Policy.pdf
Operational Highlights
The operations are exhaustively discussed in the Management
Discussion and Analysis forming part of the Annual Report.
Consolidated Financial Statements
In accordance with Indian Accounting Standard (IND AS) - 110 on
Consolidated Financial Statements read with Indian Accounting
Standard (IND AS) - 28 on Investments in Associates and Joint
Ventures, the audited consolidated financial statements are
provided in the Annual Report.
Performance of Subsidiaries, Associates and
Joint Venture Companies
A report containing the performance, financial position and
the contribution of subsidiaries, associates and joint venture
companies to the overall performance of the Company as
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred as the
Act ) is provided as an annexure to the consolidated financial
statements and hence are not repeated here for the purpose of
brevity (Form AOC - 1).
Further, no company has become or ceased to be the subsidiary,
joint venture or associate company during the year under review.
The audited financial statements of each of the subsidiary
companies are also available on the website of the
Company at the web-link https://www.marutisuzuki.com/
corporate/investors/company-reports
Material Subsidiaries
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited is a material subsidiary of
In accordance with Regulation 16(1)(c) of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(hereinafter referred as the Listing Regulations ), the Company
has a policy for determining material subsidiaries. The policy is
available on the website of the Company at the web-link https://
marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Policy_on_Subsidiary_Companies_New.pdf
Amalgamation of Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 29th January 2025
approved the Scheme of Amalgamation ( Scheme ) of Suzuki
Motor Gujarat Private Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company) into and with the Company as per the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) and rules framed
thereunder. The Scheme is subject to the applicable statutory/
regulatory approvals.
Deposits
During the year under review, the Company has not invited or
accepted any deposits from the public in terms of Chapter V
of the Act.
Annual Return
The annual return of the Company for the year 2024-25 is
available on the website of the Company at the web-link https://
www.marutisuzuki.com/corporate/investors/company-reports
Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and Investments
Details of loans, guarantees and investments, if any, covered
under the provisions of Section 186 of the Act are given in the
notes forming part of the financial statements.
Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act
and the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Kenichiro
Toyofuku, Director (Sustainability) and Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa,
Non-Executive Director of the Company, will retire by rotation
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible have
offered themselves for re-appointment.
Upon completion of two terms, Mr. Davinder Singh Brar and
Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh ceased to be the Independent Directors
of the Company w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August
2024. Ms. Anjali Bansal and Ms. Ireena Vittal were appointed
as Independent Directors for a period of five years w.e.f. 28th
August 2024 up to 27th August 2029.
Ms. Lira Goswami was re-appointed as Independent Director
for the second term of five years w.e.f. 28th August 2024 up to
27th August 2029.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi was re-appointed as Managing Director
and Chief Executive Officer for a further period of three years
w.e.f. 1st April 2025 up to 31st March 2028.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu was re-appointed as Independent Director
for the second term of five years w.e.f. 14th May 2025 up to
13th May 2030.
Mr. Sunil Kakkar was appointed as an Additional Director
and Whole-time Director designated as Director (Corporate
Planning) for a period of three years with effect from 1st April
2025 up to 31st March 2028.
Mr. Kinji Saito resigned from the post of Non-Executive Director
w.e.f. close of business hours of 25th April 2025. Mr. Koichi
Suzuki was appointed as Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 26th April
2025 to fill the causal vacancy caused due to the resignation
of Mr. Kinji Saito.
Mr. Osamu Suzuki, Honorary Chairman of the Company passed
away on 25th December 2024. Mr. O Suzuki was responsible for
the success of the Company and the establishment of a modern
automobile and component industry in India. He dedicated himself
to the development of the automotive industry, demonstrating
exceptional leadership and initiative. He shall be remembered for
his visionary leadership and remarkable initiatives that shaped
the Indo-Japan trade especially in the automobile industry.
The Board expresses its sincere appreciation for his outstanding
service, leadership and pivotal role in realising the dream of
putting India on wheels by empowering millions of Indian families
with affordable, reliable, efficient and good quality vehicles.
The Company has received declarations of independence in
accordance with the provisions of Section 149 of the Act read
with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of
Directors) Rules, 2014 along with Regulation 16 and Regulation
25 of the Listing Regulations from all the Independent Directors.
Under the relevant provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations,
one separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held during
2024-25. The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors
of the Company possess requisite qualifications, experience and
expertise and hold highest standards of integrity.
Familiarisation Programme
The details of the familiarisation programmes for the Independent
Directors are available on the website of the Company at the weblink
https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Familiarisation_Programmes_for_Independent_Directors.pdf
Directors Responsibility Statement
To the best of their knowledge and belief and according to the
information and explanations obtained, in terms of Section 134
of the Act, your Directors state that:
in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable
accounting standards have been followed and proper
explanations provided relating to material departures, if any;
such accounting policies have been selected and applied
consistently and judgements and estimates made are
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of
the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial
year and of the profit of the Company for that period;
proper and sufficient care has been taken for the
maintenance of adequate accounting records in
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding
the assets of the Company and for preventing and
detecting fraud and other irregularities;
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going
concern basis;
internal financial controls were followed by the Company
and they are adequate and are operating effectively; and
proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance
with the provisions of all applicable laws and such systems
are adequate and operating effectively.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Board Meetings
A calendar of meetings is circulated in advance to the Directors.
During the year under review, five board meetings were held, the
details of which are given in the Corporate Governance Report.
Board Committees
For composition of the Audit Committee, Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship
Committee, CSR Committee, Risk Management Committee,
and Sustainability Committee, please refer to the Corporate
Governance Report.
The Annual Report on CSR activities containing details of CSR
Policy and other prescribed details are given in Annexure - A.
Risk Management
Pursuant to Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, the
Company has a Risk Management Committee, the details of
which are given in the Corporate Governance Report. The
Company has a Risk Management Policy and identified risks and
taken appropriate steps for their mitigation. For more details,
please refer to the Management Discussion and Analysis.
Internal Financial Controls
Internal financial controls have been discussed under the head
CEO/CFO Certification in the Corporate Governance Report.
Vigil Mechanism
The Company has in place an established and effective
vigil mechanism under the Whistle Blower Policy ( Policy ).
The mechanism under the Policy has been appropriately
communicated within the organisation. The purpose of this
Policy is to provide a framework to promote responsible whistle
blowing by employees. IT protects employees wishing to raise
concerns about serious irregularities, unethical behavior, actual
or suspected fraud within the Company.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee is the ombudsperson and
direct access has been provided to the employees to contact
him through e-mail, post and telephone for reporting any matter.
Related Party Transactions
The Company has a policy on related party transactions which
is available on the Company s website at the web link https://
marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Policy_on_Related_Party_Transactions_New.pdf
In terms of Section 134(3)(h) of the Act read with Rule 15 of the
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, the
material transactions with related parties are reported in Form
AOC - 2 which is attached as Annexure - B.
The disclosure with respect to the transactions with promoter
and promoter group which is holding 10% or more of the
shareholding in the Company are given in the notes forming
part of the financial statements.
Performance Evaluation
For details on the performance evaluation, please refer to the
Corporate Governance Report.
Nomination And Remuneration Policy
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy is attached as Annexure
- C and is available on the website of the Company at the web-link
https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Nomination_and_Remuneration_Policy_update.pdf
Disclosure under the Sexual Harassment of Women
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013 and Maternity Benefits Act, 1961
The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy
in line with the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013 and has also complied with its provisions relating to
the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee to redress
complaints received regarding sexual harassment.
The status of the complaints received by the Company during
the year under review is as under:
Number of complaints received
Number of complaints disposed of
Number of complaints pending as on the
end of financial year
Nil
Number of complaints pending for more
than ninety days
Nil
IT is also confirmed that the Company is complying with the
provisions relating to the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption,
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
Information in accordance with Section 134(3)(m) of the Act
read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is
attached as Annexure - D.
Corporate Governance Report
A detailed report on corporate governance is annexed to the
Annual Report. The Company has complied with the corporate
governance requirements, as stipulated under the Listing
Regulations. A certificate of compliance by Secretarial Auditors
forms part of the Annual Report.
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
The detailed report on Management Discussion and Analysis is
annexed to the Annual Report.
Secretarial Standards
The Company has complied with all the mandatory Secretarial
Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
Personnel
As required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014, disclosure pertaining to remuneration
and other details is annexed to the Report as Annexure-E.
A statement containing particulars of the employees as required
under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and (3) of
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided as a separate Annexure
forming part of this report. In terms of proviso to Section
136(1) of the Act, the Report and Accounts are being sent to
the Shareholders, excluding the aforesaid Annexure. The said
information is available for inspection by the Members at the
registered office of the Company up to the date of the ensuing
Annual General Meeting. Any Member interested in obtaining
such particulars may write to the Company Secretary at the
registered office of the Company.
Cost Auditors and Records
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read
with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, M/s
R.J. Goel & Co., Cost Accountants, New Delhi (Registration No.
000026) were appointed as the Cost Auditors of the Company
to carry out the cost audit for 2025-26. The maintenance of cost
records as specified by the Central Government under Section
148(1) of the Act is required by the Company and such accounts
and records are made and maintained.
Statutory Auditors
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP ( Deloitte ) resigned from the post
of Statutory Auditors w.e.f. 12th May 2025. To fill the casual
vacancy caused by this resignation, the Board approved the
appointment of Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
(PW), (Firm s Registration No. 012754N/N500016), w.e.f. 12th
May 2025 as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, to hold
office till the conclusion of 44th Annual General Meeting ( AGM ).
The approval of the Members for the aforesaid appointment was
taken through postal ballot. Further, on the recommendation of
the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the appointment
of PW as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a period of five
(5) years to hold office from the conclusion of 44th AGM till the
conclusion of the 49th AGM.
In compliance with the conditions of the Foreign Direct
Investment, a compliance certificate has been obtained from
the Statutory Auditors for the downstream investments made
by the Company.
Secretarial Audit Report
In accordance with the provisions of Section 204 of the Act read
with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board appointed RMG & Associates,
a peer reviewed firm of Company Secretaries in practice, (Firm
Registration No.: P2001DE016100) to undertake the Secretarial
Audit for the financial year 2024-25. The secretarial audit report is
attached as Annexure - F.
Further, in accordance with the provisions of Section 204 of the
Act read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Listing Regulations,
the Board on 25th April 2025 appointed RMG & Associates, a
peer reviewed firm of Company Secretaries in practice, (Firm
Registration No.: P2001DE016100) as the Secretarial Auditors
for audit period of 5 consecutive years commencing from the
financial year 2025-26 till the financial year 2029-30. The said
appointment is subject to the approval of the Members.
There is no qualification, reservation, or adverse remark by
the Statutory Auditors and the Secretarial Auditors in their
respective reports.
The report on secretarial audit of Suzuki Motor Gujarat
Private Limited for the financial year 2024-25 is attached as
Annexure - G.
CRISIL Ratings
The Company was awarded the highest financial credit rating of
AAA/Stable (long term) and A1+ (short term) on its bank facilities
by CRISIL. The rating underscores the financial strength of the
Company in terms of the highest safety with regard to timely
fulfilment of its financial obligations.
Environment and Quality
The Company has established and is maintaining an environmental
management system (EMS) since 1999. During the year,
Surveillance audit for ISO 14001 was carried out by TÜV Rheinland,
a German based certification body, for the manufacturing plants
located at Gurugram, Manesar and Rohtak R&D Centre.
The Quality Management System of the Company is certified as
per ISO 9001:2015 standard. Regular assessments of the Quality
Systems are done through surveillance audits and re-certification
assessments are done every three years by an accredited third
party agency (M/s VINÇOTTE nv, Belgium). The Company has an
internal assessment mechanism to verify and ensure adherence
to defined Quality Systems across the Company.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Awards/Recognition/Rankings
The Company received many awards/recognitions/rankings
during the year. Some of these are mentioned hereunder:
Mr. Osamu Suzuki, Honorary Chairman of the Company
was honoured with Padma Vibhushan posthumously.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, Managing Director & CEO of the
Company was honoured as 2025 Business Leader of
the Year at Acko Drive TOTM (The One That Matters)
Awards 2025.
Crowned with the 2025 Safety Champion at Acko Drive
TOTM (The One That Matters) Awards 2025.
Titled as the Manufacturer of the Year by TV9 Network.
Mahatma Award 2024 for CSR Excellence.
f.
Gold Award in the COVID Public Health Warriors category
and Silver Award for Most Innovative CSR Project of the
Year by CSR Health Awards 2024 by IHW Council.
g.
Gold recognition by CSR Times Award for Company s CSR
initiative of providing tertiary healthcare services through
Multi Specialty Hospital at Sitapur, Gujarat.
h.
Awards in the category of healthcare initiatives for road
safety by first aid trauma care training for drivers and road
safety initiatives by Automobile Companies - Automated
Driving Test-tracks at 6th Edition of FICCI Road Safety
Awards in Conclave 2024.
Gold Award of Excellence for skill development and
livelihood initiatives at 4th Social Impact Conference &
Awards by The CSR Universe.
j.
Outstanding contribution to Social Welfare Award by
PHDCCI Awards 2024.
k.
Exceptional Employee Experience award in the large
scale enterprise category by ET HR World EX Awards.
l.
Gold in Automobile industry category and Excellence in
creating a culture of continuous learning and upskilling by
Economic Times Human Capital Awards 2025.
m.
Jimny bagged 2023- SUV of the Year at CarBlogIndia
Awards and 4X4 of the Year at CarBike 360 Awards 2024.
n.
FRONX won 2023 Viewer s Choice Car of the Year at
CarBlogIndia Awards.
o.
Grand Vitara won CNG car of the year 2024 at CarBike
360 Awards 2024.
p.
Epic New Swift was conferred the autoX Best of 2024
award at autoX Awards.
q.
Swift won 2025 Subcompact Car title and Dzire won
2025. Subcompact Sedan title at Acko Drive TOTM
Awards, 2025.
Other disclosures and affirmations
Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and the rules
made thereunder, no disclosure or reporting is required in
respect of the following matters during the year under review:
Reporting of frauds by auditors under sub-section (12) of
Section 143 of the Act.
Material changes and commitments affecting the financial
position of the Company which have occurred between the
end of the financial year to which the financial statements
relate and the date of the report;
Change in the nature of business of the Company.
Significant and material orders passed by the regulators
or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status
and Company s operations in future.
Application made or proceeding is pending under the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
Execution of one time settlement with Banks and
Financial Institutions.
Acknowledgment
The Board would like to express its sincere thanks for the co-
operation and advice received from the Government of India,
the State Governments of Haryana and Gujarat. Your Directors
also take this opportunity to place on record their gratitude
for timely and valuable assistance and support received from
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan. The Board also places on
record its appreciation for the enthusiastic co-operation, hard
work and dedication of all the employees of the Company
including the Japanese staff, dealers, vendors, customers,
business associates, auto finance companies, state government
authorities and all concerned without which IT would not have
been possible to achieve all round progress and growth of the
Company. The Directors are thankful to the Members for their
continued patronage.
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Managing Director & CEO
Director (Sustainability)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
New Delhi
31st July 2025
Annexure - A
Annual Report on CSR Activities
1.
Brief outline on CSR policy of the company

The Company s corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities
aim to create social value for the local community and society
at large. The CSR initiatives are primarily in the areas of
Community Development, Skill Development and Road Safety.

Under Community Development theme, the Company is
committed to improving the well-being of the community
by implementing social projects in the areas surrounding its
facilities. To create a positive and meaningful impact on the
lives of communities, the projects are undertaken to strengthen
the Common Community infrastructure and improve health,
education, water, and sanitation services, while encompassing
the crucial areas of nutrition, environmental sustainability,
sports, etc., ensuring an all-round development. Standout
examples include a multi-specialty hospital, a modern CBSE
school in Gujarat, and holistic village development initiatives
targeting the ultra-local problems in the project villages
significantly improving the lives of local residents.

The Company supports the measures to popularise Fermented
Organic Manure (FOM) across India produced by biogas plants
including research on FOM, extension work comprising of on-
field demonstration & farmers connect program.

Through Skill Development initiatives, the company
focuses on vocational skill development and employability
enhancement of youth. As part of these initiatives, the
company improves the quality of training, develops and
upgrades training infrastructure including residential hostel,
facilitates holistic learning of students, develops curriculum
as well as add-on courses, trains the trainer, and provides
study material, scholarships, and practical training. The
Japan India Institute for Manufacturing (JIM), created by
Maruti Suzuki, is a key institute for skill development that
teaches vocational courses through the latest technology
tools and shop-floor management practices based on
Japanese manufacturing methods. Beyond JIMs, Maruti
Suzuki is also upgrading selected existing government ITIs
by setting up skill labs and Automotive Skill Enhancement
Centers (ASEC). Advanced industry relevant trainings were
provided to ITI trainers and students, aiming to build a
workforce ready for the manufacturing industry.

In the area of Road Safety, the company is dedicated
to implementing the 5E approach, which encompasses
Education, Evaluation, Enforcement, Engineering, and
Emergency care. One of the most significant projects in
the road safety area is the large-scale rollout of Automated
Driving Test Tracks (ADTTs). ADTTs completely automate
the driver license testing process, ensuring only the drivers
with requisite skills receive the license. In collaboration with
State Governments, the company manages the Institute
of Driving and Traffic Research (IDTRs) and Road Safety
Knowledge Centers (RSKCs) to equip drivers and with the
necessary knowledge and skills. To strengthen the traffic law
enforcement, the company also implements Integrated Traffic
Safety Management System with real-time monitoring and
surveillance system to support law enforcement, surveillance
and promote disciplined driving behaviour. To improve
emergency care, the company also imparts First responder
training to the commercial drivers and other stakeholders.

The Company encourages and recognizes its employees
for volunteering in the community by serving and sharing
their expertise and skills.

To create a visible and lasting impact, the Company
focuses on a few CSR programmes rather than spreading
resources thin over several projects.
2.
Composition of the CSR Committee.

The composition of the CSR Committee of the Board is as under:-
No. Name of Director
Designation/ Nature of
Directorship
of CSR Committee
held during the year
Eligible to attend
of CSR Committee
attended during the year
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Chairman / Non-Executive
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Member / Executive
Mr. R.P. Singh*
Member / Independent
Ms. Lira Goswami#
Member / Independent
Ms. Anjali Bansal**
Member / Independent
NA
NA
NA

*Ceased to be a member of CSR Committee w.e.f. close of Business Hours of 27th August, 2024.

#Appointed as a member of CSR Committee w.e.f. 28th August, 2024.

**Appointed as a member of CSR Committee w.e.f. 25th April, 2025
3.
Weblink where composition of CSR committee, CSR policy and CSR projects approved by the
board are disclosed on the website of the company.

https://www.marutisuzuki.com/corporate/about-us/CSR

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
4.
Details of executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried
out in pursuance of sub rule (3) of rule 8.

The Executive summary of the Impact Assessment Report is enclosed. The detailed Impact Assessment report is available
at https://www.marutisuzuki.com/corporate/about-us/CSR
5.
CSR obligation for the financial year (FY 2024-25).

Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135 is I 82,004.52 million.

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135 is I 1,640.09 million.

The surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programs, or activities of the previous financial years is NIL.

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year is I 240.71 million and same has been set off during the financial
year 2024-25.

Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)] is I 1,399.38 million
6.
CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year (FY 2024-25)

Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project) is I 1,511.34 million.

Amount spent in Administrative Overheads is I 71.05 million.

Amount spent on Impact Assessment is I 2.40 million.

Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b) +(c)] is I 1,584.79 million.

CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount Spent for
the Financial Year
(In K)
Amount Unspent (in K)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR
Account as per sub section (6) of section 135.
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII
as per second proviso to sub-section (5) of section 135.
Amount.
Date of transfer
Name of the Fund
Amount.
Date of transfer.
I 1,584.79 million
NIL

Excess amount for set-off, if any:
No
Particular
Amount
(in K million)
Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135
I 1,640.09
Total amount spent for the Financial Year (6d+5d)**
I 1,825.50
Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)]
I 185.41
(iv)
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous Financial Years, if any
Nil
Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)]
I 185.41

**Amount Spend in Current Year is I 1,584.79 million and Set off of F.Y. 2023-24 is I 240.71 million
7.
Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:

NIL
8.
Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility
amount spent in the Financial Year:

No Capital Asset has been created by MSIL under CSR in its Books of accounts; Detail of assets created out of CSR funds
and details of Beneficiaries/ Registered owners is available at https://www.marutisuzuki.com/corporate/about-us/CSR
9.
Reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two % of the average net profit as per section 135(5)

Not applicable
R.C. Bhargava
Hisashi Takeuchi
Chairman CSR Committee

Managing Director and CEO
Impact Assessment report
Executive Summary
As part of its commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), MSIL undertakes various initiatives in three thematic areas
namely: community development, skill development, and road safety.
To assess the impact of the CSR initiatives implemented during FY 23-24, EveryULB Technologies Private Limited (impactDash)
conducted an independent impact assessment. The impact assessment study employed a mixed-methods approach, combining
both qualitative and quantitative data collection techniques to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the project's outcomes.
Primary data was gathered through 572 Semi-structured interviews and 41 in depth interviews with key stakeholders, including
drivers, ITI students, local community members, patients, field staff, etc. Secondary data sources, such as project reports and
government records, were also reviewed to triangulate findings and enhance the robustness of the analysis.
The findings confirm that the CSR initiatives have effectively addressed the needs of the target communities while aligning with
multiple Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Projects
Output (FY 23-24) & Outcome findings
Maruti Suzuki Podar
Learn School

470+ students with Teacher-Student ratio: 1:13, significantly better than Samagra Shiksha
Abhiyan s target of 1:20.

90% parents reported academic excellence; 80% noted that their children actively participated
in extracurricular activities.
Zydus Sitapur Hospital

Served 33,000 OPD & 3,500 IPD patients.

Improved the access to quality health care services. 12.5% of interviewed patients living in the
areas more than 50 KM.

Interviewed patients shared that the hospital:

-
played a crucial role in supporting them during emergency situations,

-
provided timely medical intervention that significantly contributed to their recovery and
well-being.
Village Development project

100% interviewed beneficiaries were happy with the development tasks done.

People reported enhanced quality of life after development of community assets.
Automated Driving Test
Tracks (ADTT)

08 ADTTs set up during FY 23-24; 27 ADTTs were set up since inception.

According to the test takers, ADTTs improved:

-
ease of overall license issuing process (more than 66%)

-
improved the transparency of the system (100%).
Institute of Driving &
Traffic Research (IDTR)

3.8 lakh people trained via IDTRs & RSKCs

80% trainee drivers highlighted improvement in driving skills & confidence.
Japan India Institute
for Manufacturing

92% trainees identified JIM training and on-the-job training quite impactful for their future.

90% trainees reported that the training has improved their overall confidence & employability.
ITI Upgradation -
Manufacturing &
Service trades

Manufacturing trades: 12,000+ students across 22 ITIs

-
85% trainees identified technical skills to be most helpful enhancing their employability.

Service trades: 1500+ students from 31 ASECs (Automotive Skill Enhancement Centres)

-
100% trainees agreed that upgraded infrastructure boosted their confidence.
Apprenticeship program

~3300 apprentices benefitted

100% respondents highlighted that acquired technical skills & industry exposure is most helpful for
their future.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure - B
FORM AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contract/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-
section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transactions under third proviso thereto
1.
Details of contract or arrangement or transactions not at arms length basis:

Number of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm s length basis: 1
Corporate identity
number (CIN) or foreign
company registration
number (FCRN) or
Limited Liability
Partnership number
(LLPIN)
or Foreign Limited
Liability Partnership
number (FLLPIN) or
Permanent Account
Number (PAN)/ Passport
for individuals or any
Name(s) of the
related party
and nature of
Nature of
contracts/
Duration of
Salient
Amount
Justification
for entering
into such
Date(s) of
approval
by the
Board
Amount
Date on
which the
was passed
in general
meeting as
required
under first
proviso
to section
SRN of
MGT-14
1.
U34200GJ2014
FTC079460
Suzuki Motor
Gujarat Private
Limited (SMG)
(Wholly Owned
Subsidiary)
For details, please refer to Notes 34 and 38 to the standalone financial statements.
-
NA
NA
2.
Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arms length basis:

Number of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm s length basis: 10
Corporate identity
number (CIN) or
foreign company
registration number
(FCRN) or Limited
Liability Partnership
number (LLPIN) or
Foreign Limited
Liability Partnership
number (FLLPIN)
or Permanent
Account Number
(PAN)/ Passport for
individuals or any
Name(s) of the related
party and nature of
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/ transactions
Duration of
Salient
or transactions
Date(s) of approval by the
Board
Amount
1.
Other registration
number:
080401002431
Suzuki Motor
Corporation (SMC)
(Holding Body
Corporate)
Long Term Contract with
components from SMC.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 2,929.2
-
2.
Other registration
number:
080401002431
Suzuki Motor
Corporation (SMC)
(Holding Body
Corporate)
Long Term Contract with
respect to export of vehicles
and kits by the Company
to SMC.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 14,630.9
-
3.
U34201HR2007
PTC056640
FMI Automotive
Components
(FMI) (Associate
Company)
Long Term Contract with
components from FMI by
April 2024
-March 2025
I 1,145.5
-
Corporate identity
number (CIN) or
foreign company
registration number
(FCRN) or Limited
Liability Partnership
number (LLPIN) or
Foreign Limited
Liability Partnership
number (FLLPIN)
or Permanent
Account Number
(PAN)/ Passport for
individuals or any
Name(s) of the related
party and nature of
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/ transactions
Duration of
Salient
or transactions
Date(s) of approval by the
Board
Amount
4.
U74130HR1986
PLC023655
(SKH)
(Associate
Company)
Long Term Contract with
components from SKH by
April 2024
-March 2025
I 1,066.1
-
5.
L29130HR1987
PLC130020
Jay Bharat Maruti
Limited (JBML)
(Associate
Company)
Long Term Contract with
components from JBML by
April 2024
-March 2025
I 1,179.7
-
6.
U34300HR1991
PLC032012
Krishna Maruti
Limited (Krishna
Maruti) (Associate
Company)
Long Term Contract with
components from Krishna
Maruti by the Company.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 2,067.4
-
7.
L34300DL1986
PLC023540
Bharat Seats
Limited (Bharat
Seats) (Associate
Company)
Long Term Contract with
components from Bharat
Seats by the Company.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 857.5
-
8.
U29309GJ2017
FTC098669
TDS Lithium-ion
Battery Gujarat
(TDS Gujarat)
(Fellow Subsidiary
Company)
Long Term Contract with
with respect to purchase
of components from TDS
Gujarat by the Company.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 936.0
-
9.
U74899HR1997
FTC132389
Suzuki Motorcycle
(Suzuki Motorcycle)
(Fellow Subsidiary
Company)
Long Term Contract with
with respect to sale of
goods by the Company to
Suzuki Motorcycle.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 2,062.5
-
10. NA
Magyar Suzuki
Corporation Ltd.
(Magyar Suzuki)
(Fellow Subsidiary
Company)
Long Term Contract with
with respect to sales of
goods by the Company to
Magyar Suzuki.
April 2024
-March 2025
I 279.6
-
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Managing Director & CEO
Director (Sustainability)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
New Delhi
31st July 2025

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure - C
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
1.
Scope
1.1. This Nomination and Remuneration Policy (the Policy )
has been framed in compliance with Section 178 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (Act) and SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( Listing
Regulations ).
1.2. This Policy aims to ensure that the persons appointed
as Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) as
defined under the Act and Senior Management possess
requisite qualifications, experience, expertise and
attributes commensurate with their positions and level of
management responsibilities and that the composition of
remuneration to such persons is fair and reasonable and
sufficient to attract, retain and motivate these persons to
run the Company successfully.
1.3. This Policy is applicable to Directors, KMPs, Senior
Management and other employees of the Company.
2.
Objective
2.1. The objective of this Policy is to provide a framework for
appointment, removal and remuneration of Directors,
KMPs and Senior Management.
2.2. The Policy aims to provide:

Criteria of appointment and removal of Directors,
KMPs and Senior Management;

Criteria for determining qualifications, positive
attributes and independence of a Director;

Remuneration
of
Directors,
KMPs
Senior Management;

(iv) Principles for retaining, motivating and promoting
talent and ensuring long term retention of talent and
creating competitive advantage.
3.
Board Diversity

While considering the composition of the Board, the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee ( NRC ) will
take into account the diversity of the members of the
Board based on a number of factors, inter-alia, gender,
age, qualifications, nationality, professional experience,
recognition, skills and ability to add value to the business.
Subject to the provisions of the Act including rules and
regulations made thereunder and Listing Regulations, the
Board shall have atleast one woman Director, persons
who have strong technical/managerial/administrative
backgrounds relevant to the business of the Company and
those who have excelled in one or more areas of finance/
accounting/ law/public policy with top level administrative/
managerial experience.
4.
Qualifications and Attributes for Directors,
KMPs and Senior Management
4.1. The prospective Director

should be of the highest integrity and level of
ethical standards;

should possess the requisite qualifications, skills,
knowledge, experience and expertise relevant or
useful to the business of the Company.

should, while acting as a Director be capable of
balancing the interests of the Company, its employees,
the shareholders, the community and of the need to
ensure the protection of the environment; and

(iv) should inter-alia,

uphold the highest ethical standards of integrity
and probity;

act objectively and constructively while
exercising his / her duties;

exercise his / her responsibilities in a bona fide
manner in the interest of the Company;

devote sufficient time and attention to his /
her professional obligations for informed and
balanced decision making;

not allow any extraneous considerations that will
vitiate his / her exercise of objective independent
judgement in the paramount interest of the
Company as a whole, while concurring in or
dissenting from the collective judgement of the
Board in its decision making;

not abuse his / her position to the detriment
of the Company or its shareholders or other
stakeholders or attempt to gain direct or
indirect personal advantage or advantage for
any associated person;

(g)
avoid conflict of interest, and in case of any
apparent situation of conflict of interest, make
appropriate disclosures to the Board;

(h)
assist the Company in implementing the best
corporate governance practices;

strictly adhere to and monitor legal compliances
at all levels; and

(j)
protect confidentiality of the confidential and
proprietary information of the Company.

In addition, in the case of an Independent Director(s),
he/she must also satisfy the criteria specifically set
out under applicable laws including the Act and the
Listing Regulations.
4.2. The KMPs and the Senior Management should possess
the highest integrity and ethical standards and have the
requisite qualification and experience in any field relevant
to and necessary for the business of the Company,
including but not limited to technology, finance, law, public
administration, management, accounting, marketing,
production and human resource. They should also meet
the requirements of the Act, Rules, Listing Regulations and
/ or any other applicable laws.
5.
Evaluation of the Board, its Chairman,
Individual Directors and Committees of the
Board

The evaluation of the Board, its Chairman, individual
Directors and committees of the Board shall be undertaken
in compliance with the provisions of Section 134(3)(p),
Section 178 and Listing Regulations.
6.
Appointment and Removal of Non-Executive/
Independent Directors
6.1. Appointment

Depending upon the requirements of the Company,
the NRC shall identify from sources the Committee
considers appropriate and reliable the persons who
meet the requisite criteria and recommend their
appointment to the Board at appropriate times.

The Board will consider the recommendations of the
NRC and accordingly, approve the appointment and
remuneration of Non-Executive and / or Independent
Directors, subject to the needs of the Company and
the approval of the shareholders.

The appointment process shall be independent of
the Company management. While selecting persons
for appointment as Independent Directors, the Board
shall ensure that there is an appropriate balance of
skills, experience and knowledge in the Board so as
to enable the Board to discharge its functions and
duties effectively.

(iv) The appointment of Independent Directors shall
be formalised by way of letters of appointment
in accordance with the applicable laws and the
requisite related disclosures in relation to such
appointments made.

The process for appointment of Independent Directors
prescribed under the Act, the Listing Regulations and
specifically the procedure set out under Schedule
IV of the Act (Code for Independent Directors) will
be followed. The Board shall also comply with other
applicable laws.
6.2. Removal

The appointment of an independent Director may be
terminated at the recommendation of the NRC or by the
Board on its own in the event he/she:

commits a breach of any of the duties, functions and
responsibilities or obligations towards the Company
or for reasons prescribed under the Act; or

compromises independence vis-à-vis the Company
in any manner whatsoever which will have an impact
on the criteria of independence.

If he/she becomes prohibited by law or under the
Articles of Association from being an Independent
Director of the Company.
7.
Appointment and Removal of Managing
Director, Joint Managing Director, Whole-
time Directors, KMPs and Senior Management
Personnel
7.1. Appointment

Depending upon the requirements of the Company for
the above positions, the NRC shall identify persons
and recommend their appointment to the Board
including the terms of appointment and remuneration.

The Board will consider the recommendations of
NRC and accordingly approve the appointment(s)
and remuneration. The appointment of the
Managing Director/Joint Managing Director/Whole-
time Directors shall be subject to the approval of
the shareholders.

The Managing Director shall have the power to
finalise/approve changes in Senior Management
Personnel on account of routine/regular/annual
internal promotions/transfers in accordance with
the HR Policy. However, new appointment as Senior
Management Personnel will require approval of NRC/
Board.

(iv) Appointments of other employees will be made in
accordance with the Company s Human Resource
(HR) policy.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
7.2. Removal

The appointment of the Managing Director/Joint
Managing Director/Whole-time Directors, may be
terminated at the recommendation of the NRC or
by the Board on its own, if such Director commits
a breach of any of the duties, functions and
responsibilities or obligations or he/she becomes
prohibited by law or under the Articles of Association
from being such Director of the Company.

The appointment of KMPs/Senior Management
Personnel may be terminated at the recommendation
of the NRC or by the Board on its own, if the
person commits a breach of any duties, functions
and responsibilities or obligations or for reasons
prescribed under the Act or the Listing Regulations or
for reasons of poor performance as measured as the
result of the performance appraisal process over one
or more years or suffers from any disqualification(s)
mentioned in the Act, the Rules or under any other
applicable laws, rules and regulations, or breaches
the code of conduct and / or policies of the Company.

In respect of employees in other positions, where
an employee suffers from any disqualification(s)
mentioned in the Act, if any, under any other
applicable laws, rules and regulations, the code
of conduct and / or policies of the Company, the
Management of the Company may terminate the
services of such employee as laid down in the HR
Policy of the Company.
8.
Remuneration
8.1. The remuneration of the Non-Executive / Independent
Directors will include the following:

Variable remuneration in the form of commission
calculated as a percentage of the net profits of the
Company as recommended by the NRC and to the
extent permitted in the Act and approved by the
Board and / or the shareholders of the Company. The
payment of commission is based on criteria such as
attendance at meetings of the Board/ Committees of
the Board, time devoted to the Company s work, the
responsibilities undertaken as Chairmen of various
committees/the Board, their contribution to the
conduct of the Company s business, etc.

Sitting fee for attending meetings of the Board and
committees constituted by the Board.

Reimbursement of expenses for participation in the
meetings of the Board and other meetings.
8.2. The remuneration of the Managing Director, Joint
Managing Director, Whole-time Directors, KMPs and
Senior Management Personnel should be commensurate
with qualifications, experience and capabilities. The
remuneration should take into account past performance
and achievements and be in line with market standards. In
determining the total remuneration, consideration should
be given to the performance of the individual and also to the
performance of the Company. In both cases, performance
is measured against goals/plans determined beforehand
at the commencement of a year and well communicated
to the individual/ the individual holding the management
position, as the case may be.
8.3. The remuneration of the Managing Director/Joint Managing
Director/Whole-time Directors/KMPs/Senior Management
Personnel will include the following:

Salary and allowances - fixed and variable besides
other Benefits as per Rules contained in the HR
Policy applicable to Senior Management Personnel;

Retirement benefits including provident fund /
gratuity/ superannuation / leave encashment;

Performance linked bonus.
8.4. No Sitting Fee shall be payable to the Managing Director/
Whole-time Directors for attending meetings of Board or
the committees constituted by the Board.
8.5. The remuneration of the employees other than Senior
Management Personnel shall be as per Company s
HR Policy.
9.
Increments
9.1. Increments of Managing Director/Joint Managing Director/
Whole-time Directors will be granted by the Board based
on the recommendation of the NRC taking into account
the performance of the individual, the performance of the
business and the Company as a whole. Performance will
be measured against pre- determined and agreed goals/
plans which are made known at the commencement of the
year. The Board and the shareholders of the Company may
approve changes in remuneration from time to time.
9.2. Appraisal will be carried out and award of increments of the
KMPs/Senior Management Personnel/other employees
will be determined according to the prevalent HR Policy
and practice of the Company. The NRC will oversee
compliance with the process.
10. Review/Amendment

Based on the recommendation of the NRC, the Board
may review and amend any or all clauses of this Policy
depending upon exigencies of business.
Annexure - 1
Evaluation Criteria
The evaluation of performance of the Directors of the Company shall be undertaken as under:
S. No Provisions of the Act
Evaluation of Performance of
Performance to be evaluated by
Section 178(2)
Independent Directors
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Non-Independent Directors
Section 134(3)(p) read with Schedule IV of the Act
The Board
The Board
Committees of the Board
Independent Directors
Non-Independent Directors
Listing Regulations and Schedule IV of the Act
Non-Independent Directors
Independent Directors
The Board
Chairman of the Company

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure - D
Information in accordance with Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
and forming part of the Board s Report for the year ended 31st March 2025
A. Energy Conservation

The Company has continued its drive towards energy
conservation with focus on efficiency improvement,
renewable portfolio and mass awareness across all
the plants.

The activities implemented with respect to efficiency
improvement, energy conservation and identification of
new & alternate technology are as below:
Modification from Pneumatic to Electric and reduction
in overall pneumatic pressure resulting in reduction in
compressed air consumption and estimated saving of
1,282,962 kWh (770 TCO2).
Identification and rectification of compressed air leak
points in pneumatic systems, corresponding to 3.5% of
air consumption in the year 2024-25.
Installation of new and alternate technology as
electronically commuted fan for cooling tower,
Brushless Direct Current (BLDC) motor exhaust fan
etc. resulted in estimated reduction of 1,029,450 kWh
(600 TCO2).
Identification of efficiency improvement in existing
system and replacement with energy efficient
equipment (pumps, motors, etc.). This resulted in
estimated reduction of 184,710 kWh (111 TCO2).
Reconfiguration of existing system (Idle time/cycle time
reduction etc.) and process optimisation which resulted
in estimated reduction of 97,516 kWh (59 TCO2).

With a focus on moving towards Carbon neutrality,
enhancement in share of Renewable energy was done
as under:
The solar plant of 78.2 MWp installed capacity (addition
of 35 MWp in 2024-25) which has generated 57,102
MWh electrical energy (increased from 6.7% to 9.4%
of total electricity consumption of the Company). This
has resulted in CO2 reduction of ~34,500 TCO2.
The Company has received 41,491 MWh green energy
from the government distribution company resulting in
reduction of total CO2 of 25,000 ton.

In order to spread mass awareness about the significance
of energy conservation, efficiency improvement, renewable
energy and their impact on the environment and climate
change, some of the steps taken by the Company are
as under:
Periodically publishing snippets on environmental
aspects (weekly) and energy perspective (weekly) on
the Company's internal portal.
Celebration of energy week during 9th - 16th December
2024. During this week, various activities were carried
out like energy conservation drive in shops, awareness
sessions by eminent speakers, online quizzes
covering employees of all levels, and energy circle
competition. More than 3,200 employees participated
in these activities.
The Company was also recognised for best case
studies on low carbon/carbon neutral initiative category
in the 8th edition of National Energy Efficiency Circle
Competition by the Confederation of India Industry (CII)
under various energy efficiency categories.

Environment
In September 2024, the Company went through ISO
14001:2015 Surveillance Audit by TÜV Rheinland. The
auditors appreciated various efforts taken regarding
the Environmental Management System. They also
certified that the manufacturing plants of the Company
in Haryana including R&D center are compliant as per
ISO 14001 guidelines till 2026.
Various activities were planned for Environment Month
in June 2024 which included tree plantation, various
competitions and promoting 3R practices.
Employee awareness program was undertaken to
enhance environmental consciousness within the
Company by weekly "Environment Snippets".
B. Research & Development (R & D)

The Company is committed to support the Government s
vision of building a self-reliant and sustainable India. The
R&D centre plays a crucial role and IT is instrumental in
Company s growth and success by developing new
technologies, designing, and testing new products, and
ensuring compliance with regulatory norms.

The Indian automotive industry is rapidly evolving due to
multiple factors like changes in the consumer aspirations,
shift towards environment friendly, safe, and connected
technologies. Being a market leader, the Company has
been at the forefront of customer satisfaction and value
proposition by bringing new products equipped with the
latest technologies, features which offer high level of
safety, reliability, performance, and fuel efficiency.

The Company aspires to enhance and support the
customers' lives, becoming an indispensable part of
their daily existence by developing what the customers
truly need using Suzuki's unique approach of "minimising
energy through Sho-Sho-Kei-Tan-Bi. By staying close to
the customers and conveying the care and thought into the
products, the Company aims to enhance Suzuki's value
and ensure that its products remain the preferred choice.

To meet the consumer aspirations, the Company has
introduced two new models and upgradations were made
in existing models, catering to customer requirements
across various segments. With the launch of new
generation Swift and Dzire, the Company reinvented
the Hatch and Sedan segments catering to consumer
aspirations of new-age customers. Designed and crafted
for the young, accomplished individuals and spirited, the
Epic New Swift and Dzire aims to be a game-changer
by effortlessly integrating style with performance,
sophistication and comfort. Both models are poised to
create new benchmarks and build on the revered legacy,
much like its predecessors.

The Company aims to establish leadership in SUV
segment, which has become the preferred choice for
Indian customers. Also inline to the vision of the Indian
government of reduction of carbon emission and to achieve
Net Zero target, the Company has been focusing on the
Electric Vehicle segment and has unveiled the brand new
e VITARA SUV in Bharat Mobility show 2025. e VITARA
is Suzuki's first global strategic Battery Electric Vehicle
(BEV) model, which has been created by studying the
customer requirements for BEV in detail and accordingly
resources are aligned to build a BEV ecosystem, including
charging facilities, to offer an anxiety-free experience to
the customers.

The Company has successfully launched models in other
segments like new S-CNG variants of Swift and Dzire. Also,
multiple limited editions refresh as well as minor changes
are launched across model range to offer new features and
fresh design to the customers. The Company has launched
products that are new in design, high in performance,
reliable and equipped with new technologies and features
that are safe, affordable, aspirational and environment
friendly to delight the customer.

SWIFT: The latest 4th Generation Swift is set to redefine
the hatchback segment, offering customers a compelling
combination of style, performance, and innovation.

The Epic New Swift embodies five key attributes:

Stunning Exteriors, Welcoming Interiors, Intrinsic Safety,
Fun-to-drive, Technologically Advanced.

Stunning Exterior: The sporty design of the Epic New
Swift instils a sense of excitement, featuring a unique
wrap-around character line that exudes a sense of
dynamism that sets the sporty hatchback apart. Its
bold stance commands attention while retaining the
Swift s signature silhouette, instantly identifying with
the Swift s iconic DNA. The smoky Light Emitting Diode
(LED) projector headlamps and boomerang LED Daytime
Running Lights (DRLs) add a futuristic appeal. Adding to its
allure are the glossy black front grille, LED front fog lamps,
LED rear combination lamps with a distinctive signature,
along with 38.10cm (15inch) precision cut two-tone alloy
wheels that complement its athletic profile.

Welcoming Interior: The premium interiors of the all-
new cabin of the 4th Generation Epic New Swift evoke a
sporty emotion. The cabin boasts of a fresh layout with
centre floating design for the dashboard. The piano
black treatment with satin matt silver inserts, along with
the unique asymmetrical dials for the instrument-cluster
add a sporty appeal to the interiors. The driver-oriented
dashboard with an 8-degree tilt, creates a harmony
between the driver and the car.

A flat-bottomed steering wheel, 22.86cm (9inch) SmartPlay
Pro+ infotainment system, fast charging A & C Type USB
ports for rear seat occupants, rear AC vents, cruise control,
60:40 rear split seats and keyless entry ensure intuitive
comfort & convenience for all passengers.

Intrinsic Safety: Safety takes centre stage in the Epic New
Swift, with a comprehensive array of active and passive
safety features. Standard safety features include 6 airbags,
Electronic Stability Control (ESC), hill hold assist, Anti-
lock Braking System (ABS) with Electronic Brakeforce
Distribution (EBD) and brake assist, 3-point seat belts for
all seats with reminders, providing all-around protection
and stability in diverse conditions. Additionally, the
premium hatchback also comes equipped with a reverse
camera featuring a wider view for added convenience and
peace of mind.

Fun to Drive: The Epic New Swift also marks the debut
for Maruti Suzuki s brand-new Z-Series engine which has
been engineered for a new era of sustainable mobility.
Designed for a modern era of spirited performance the
all-new 1197cc engine with low emissions offers the best
of both worlds. The state-of-the-art Z-Series engine from
Maruti Suzuki delivers 60 kW of peak power @ 5700 rpm
(81.58 PS @ 5700 rpm) and 111.7 Nm of peak torque @ 4300
rpm. The new-age Z-Series engine is especially suited for
Indian driving conditions with excellent low-end torque
delivery for better acceleration, as well as being the most
fuel-efficient hatchback in its segment^. Equipped with
an electric water pump for optimal engine cooling and a
lambda air-flow sensor for up to 12% lower CO2 emissions,
also leading to an exceptional fuel-efficiency of up to 25.75
km/l*, marking an improvement of 14% over its predecessor.
The introduction of a hydraulic clutch mechanism ensures
smoother clutch engagements and disengagements. A
convenient Auto Gear Shift (AGS) transmission is also on

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
offer providing comfort of an automatic and better fuel-
efficiency. The Epic New Swift retains its revered fun-to-
drive dynamic handling capabilities with enhanced ride
comfort with an all-new suspension system.

Technologically Advanced: In addition to its impressive
mechanical prowess, the Epic New Swift promises a
host of cutting-edge technological features, including a
22.86cm (9inch) SmartPlay Pro+ infotainment system with
wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto #, ARKAMYS
surround sense, wireless charger, Suzuki Connect with
advanced vehicle information and alerts.

DZIRE: Creating a new benchmark in the compact
sedan segment, the Dazzling New Dzire was launched in
November, 2024. As one of the most successful and iconic
brands, the Dazzling New Dzire has earned the trust of
over 27 Lakh customers across the country. The Dazzling
New Dzire has been reimagined to build on the strong
foundation of its legacy and unmatched style, comfort
and reliability. With its progressive design, plush two-tone
interiors and a host of segment-first features, the Dazzling
New Dzire offers a distinguished and premium experience
and aims to be a game-changer by effortlessly integrating
style with performance, sophistication and comfort. With
the Next-Gen Z-Series engine at the heart, the All-New
Maruti Suzuki Dzire promises incredible value as India s
most fuel-efficient Sedan.

The Dazzling New Dzire embodies five key attributes:

Progressive Design: Modern, sleek, and sharp featuring
a modern design philosophy, the Dazzling New Dzire
sports a dynamic and progressive design that asserts
an unmistakable road presence. The progressive sleek
silhouette not only enhances its visual appeal but also
contributes to remarkable aerodynamic efficiency. The
striking wide front fascia, combined with emotional, 3D
sculpting conveys a modern character. The Dazzling
New Dzire features the segment first LED crystal vision
headlamps, ensuring that every journey is both safe and
stylish. These headlamps are complemented by sleek line
LED Daytime Running Lights (DRLs) that wrap around the
upper grille creating a wide graphic expression. Along the
side, the character lines stretch across the body and all
the way to the rear to enhance the vehicle's length. The
rear end of the vehicle features new 3D Trinity Rear Lamp
Signature, creating a dynamic look from every angle. In
addition, the Dazzling New Dzire sports meticulously
designed elements such as a shark-fin antenna, aero boot
lip spoiler, and two-tone precision-cut alloy wheels that
ensure a distinct identity.

Premium and Sophisticated Interior: Modern,
progressive and spacious the All-New Maruti Suzuki
Dzire features a completely new interior layout that
blends sophistication and practicality. The new dual-tone
dashboard featuring black and beige colour tones with
rich silver accents looks both inviting and modern. A wide,
sweeping central garnish in wooden finish lends a premium
touch and reinforces the spaciousness of the cabin.
Attention to detail is evident throughout the Dazzling New
Dzire s interior, with a three-dimensional tactile pattern on
the dashboard and door pads. The plush, bolstered seats
provide exceptional comfort, ensuring that every journey
is just as enjoyable as IT is relaxing.

Creature Comforts: Aspirational, modern and segment-
first the Dazzling New Dzire sets a new benchmark in its
segment with a raft of segment-first features. These include
an electric sunroof that enhances the cabin experience by
amplifying the sense of space inside the cabin. Another
segment-first feature available in the Dazzling New Dzire is
the 360 view camera. Equipped with dynamic guidelines,
a three view screen and 360 view camera, the Dazzling
New Dzire offers unparalleled convenience for parking in
tight spaces with ease. The Dazzling New Dzire comes
with the segment-first Suzuki connect telematics solution
that provides real-time vehicle tracking and remote
functionality for added convenience. The Dazzling New
Dzire also offers a Tyre Pressure Monitoring System
(TPMS) for enhanced safety and added convenience.
Taking centre stage is the segment-leading 22.86cm (9 )
SmartPlay Pro+ infotainment system with surround sense
by ARKAMYS, that comes with wireless Apple CarPlay and
Android Auto, offering seamless connectivity. A wireless
smartphone charger ensures devices stay powered on the
go. In addition to these, there are a host of other advanced
features designed to enhance the travelling experience.
These include cruise control, USB fast charger, 10.66cm
(4.2 ) coloured Meter Information Display (MID) rear AC
vents, rear armrest, automatic air conditioning and keyless
entry, ensuring that every journey in the Dazzling New Dzire
is premium, convenient and comfortable.

Refined Performance: Responsive, efficient and
sustainable powering the All-New Dzire is one of the
world s most thermal efficient Z-Series 1.2L engine
available in both petrol and CNG models. Engineered
to deliver a perfect blend of exceptional efficiency and
performance, the petrol variant comes equipped with
idle start stop technology and Dual VVT delivering an
impressive 60 kW of peak power at 5700 rpm and 111.7 Nm
of peak torque at 4300 rpm. In S-CNG mode, the engine
generates 51.3 kW@5700 rpm and 101.8 Nm at 2900 rpm.
This engine has been tuned to provide excellent low-end
torque for comfortable city drives. The Dazzling New Dzire
is India s most fuel-efficient Sedan with a fuel economy
of 24.79 km/l^ in Petrol MT and 33.73 km/kg^ in S-CNG
mode, marking an 11% and 8% improvement, respectively,
as compared to the previous model. For those seeking
the perfect blend of convenience and efficiency, the All-
New Maruti Suzuki Dzire is also available with an option
of AGS that returns a fuel economy of 25.71 km/l. The
S-CNG variants of the All-New Dzire are only available with
5-speed manual transmission. The Z-Series engine offers
up to 11% lower CO2 emissions than the previous model,
thanks to improved thermal efficiency of the Z-Series
engine. The All-New Maruti Suzuki Dzire comes with a
new suspension setup translating into a smoother drive
experience. Introduction of a new hydraulic clutch system
offers seamless gear transitions that further enhances the
overall drive experience.

Cutting - Edge Safety: Reliable, Robust and Secure-
The All-New Maruti Suzuki Dzire with a 5 Star Global New
Car Assessment Programme (GNCAP) safety rating is
engineered on the advanced 5th generation HEARTECT
platform and incorporates a reinforced chassis with the
usage of High Tensile Steel and Ultra High Tensile Steel
in the body shell offering enhanced structural integrity for
a secure and robust driving experience. Standard safety
features include 6 airbags, ESC, hill hold assist, an ABS
with EBD and brake assist. Additionally, 3-point seat belts
with reminders for all passengers for all-around protection,
reinforcing the All-New Maruti Suzuki Dzire s commitment
to safety.

SUPER CARRY

The Company introduced ESC in Super Carry which
is a sophisticated system with seven safety functions
designed to safeguard both the driver and cargo, delivering
enhanced stability and preventing rollovers. These include
ABS to prevent wheel lock-up, and EBD to optimize braking
across varying loads. Engine Drag Control (EDC) prevents
wheel slip during sudden deceleration, while Traction
Control System (TCS) maintains superior grip on slippery
surfaces. Rollover prevention steps in during critical
moments, Hydraulic Brake Assist (HBA) boosts braking
power in emergencies and ESC ensures superior stability
around sharp turns. With these features, the Super Carry
offers unrivalled reliability and peace of mind, ensuring
not just vehicle safety but also stability for both business
and family.

This enhancement not only reinforces the Super Carry s
reputation as a dependable vehicle but also reflects the
Company s unwavering commitment to innovation and
excellence in the commercial vehicle segment.

SWIFT & DZIRE S - CNG

Strengthening the commitment towards offering sustainable
mobility solutions in the country, both new models, Swift
and Dzire S-CNG was introduced. S-CNG variant of the
both models seamlessly blends its style, performance, and
cutting-edge features with an unmatched fuel-efficiency
(32.85 km/kg in Swift and 33.73 km/kg in Dzire). With this,
the new Swift S-CNG cements its position as India s most
fuel-efficient premium hatchback in its segment and Dzire
becomes most fuel-efficient sedan.

FRONX Export to Japan

FRONX became the first SUV from the Company to launch
in Japan. The landmark milestone celebrates the spirit of
Make in India initiative and echoes national pride. FRONX
is exclusively manufactured at Maruti Suzuki s state-of-the
art Gujarat plant.

The historic milestone symbolises the growing strength
and global reach of the Indian manufacturing industry.
Japan is one of the most quality conscious and advanced
automobile markets in the world. Export of FRONX to
Japan is a testament of the Company s capability to
manufacture world-class vehicles that exemplify cutting-
edge technology, exceptional performance, internationally
recognized safety, and quality standards.

Jimny Export to Japan

The introduction of Made in India Jimny 5-door in Japan
is a testament to the global level of excellence. IT is the
second model to be exported to Japan in this fiscal year
(Financial Year 2024-25) after FRONX. Jimny is the second
most exported car in the Financial Year 2024-25. The
export of Jimny reaffirms the commitment towards Make-
in-India for the world .

e VITARA

As the Company is committed to the Sustainability and
Net Zero target, the production version of the first BEV,
the e VITARA, was unveiled at the Bharat Mobility Global
Expo 2025. Production will commence at the Gujarat Plant,
with sales to begin in various countries, including India,
Europe, and Japan. The Company has been studying
the customer requirements for BEV in detail and by
leveraging the extensive sales and service networks in
India, the Company will establish a BEV ecosystem such
as charging facilities to ensure that the customers can use
BEVs anxiety-free.

e VITARA is a mid-size electric SUV concept offering
futuristic design elements and advanced technological
features. The e For Me vision of electric mobility defines
the approach for high performance, long range and
aspirational product along with the infrastructure and
ecosystem development for complete peace of mind. The
e VITARA will be powered by battery options of 49kWh and
61kWh battery pack offering over 500 km* of driving range.
e For Me app is one-stop solution for multiple charging
needs of customer.

(*Range based on in-house test result. Final test result is
pending for certification under Rule 124(1)-28 of Central
Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989 (CMVR, 1989)).

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Green Technology Showcased at Bharat Mobility
Expo 2025
Production ready version of electric SUV e VITARA
was unveiled at Bharat Mobility Expo 2025 showcasing
the Company s bold plan towards electric mobility in
India. With this, the Company has reinforced its vision
of developing sustainable powertrain systems through
continuous technological development and innovation.
To showcase the Company s efforts towards flex
fuel technology, the Company showcased a flex fuel
compliant Wagon R prototype that can run even on E85
fuel. Flex fuel vehicles are developed to run on 20%-
85% ethanol blending and offer similar performance
and better running cost considering possible fuel price
differential in gasoline fuel price and E85 fuel.
The Company showcased the Compressed Bio Gas
(CBG) concept as a realistic solution to a carbon neutral
society. IT involves collecting cow dung, which emits
methane - a greenhouse gas with a higher effect than
CO2 - and refining IT into biomethane and CBG. The
refined CBG is then used for daily living and cooking in
India's rural areas, where energy resources are scarce.
Additionally, we promote the use of CBG as fuel for
Suzuki's CNG vehicles, providing mobility solutions
to rural areas in India where the supply of electricity
and gasoline is challenging. As per The Energy and
Resources Institute (TERI) report, the Global Warming
Potential (GWP) analysis of various fuel suggests that
Bio-CNG vehicles are best performing when IT comes
to global warming impact with an emission intensity
of -1141 g CO2 eq./km. Since the country has a good
amount of agricultural biomass required to produce
these green fuels, this would also be in the interest
of Indian farmers. Partnership is done with multiple
stakeholders to setup biogas production plant as well
as to promote rural mobility service utilizing biogas.
Brand-new Z-Series engine which has been engineered
for a new era of sustainable mobility.

The Company has been extensively utilising its integrated
R&D facility at Rohtak for testing and evaluation of new
models. The integrated R&D facility at Rohtak has state of-
the-art vehicle testing and evaluation labs and different tracks
to conduct various tests for design, development, emission
and safety. The facility has contributed in a large measure to
introduce new technologies like ESC, ABS and hill hold control,
e-call (emergency call) and various homologation activities
for domestic & export models. Also, labs and facilities are
added as preparedness measure for future regulations, and
technologies like CNG, CBG, Flex Fuel, EV etc.

Environment friendly technologies
Powertrain: K-Series engine realises the true spirit
of the global design trend of optimising engine
performance through innovative design techniques. IT
is currently offered in five different options across the
product line-up: K10B, K12M, K15B and next-gen dual
VVT dual injector K12N & K10C engine. With continuous
upgradation of the K-Series engine, the Company has
improved nearly 30% fuel efficiency in the last decade
to delight value-conscious consumers. The brand-new
Z-Series engine of 1197cc, which has been engineered
for a new era of sustainable mobility, is designed for a
modern era of spirited performance with low emissions
and offers the best of both worlds. Equipped with an
electric water pump for optimal engine cooling and
a lambda air-flow sensor for up to 12% lower CO2
emissions, also leading to an exceptional fuel-efficiency
improvement of ~14%.
*Fuel-efficiency in 4th Generation Swift as certified by
test agency under Rule 115 of CMVR, 1989.
All-new 1.0L K-series turbo boosterjet direct
injection engine with progressive smart hybrid
technology: The turbo booster jet engine is offered
with the choice of 5-speed manual transmission and a
6-speed automatic with paddle shifters.
All-new electric powertrain of e VITARA consists
of a highly efficient 3-in-1 system integrating motor,
inverter, and transmission, coupled with a lithium-
ion battery pack which is available in two options,
i.e. 61kWh and 49kWh. IT utilises advanced Cell-To-
Pack configuration, complemented by a sophisticated
thermal management system. Designed and tested for
Sand to Snow extreme temperature conditions across
the world, these batteries ensure optimal performance
from as low as -30 C to as high as 60 C. The driving
experience is enhanced through three distinct modes
- Eco, Normal and Sports, accompanied by a snow
terrain mode for added versatility. The e VITARA is
also equipped with an efficient regenerative mode for
a one-pedal driving experience. The vehicle's efficiency
is further optimised through innovative adaptive grille
shutters that automatically adjust to driving conditions.
Suzuki ALLGRIP legendry off-roading prowess
provides intelligent all-wheel drive capability as per
drive condition, offering:

Fun-to-drive experience

Safety and peace of mind

ALLGRIP SELECT - User selectable auto, sport,
snow and lock drive modes.
Idle Start Stop (ISS) Technology: Majority of models
in line-up are equipped with idle start-stop system,
which further improves fuel economy by cutting off the
engine when idling in traffic.
Alternate fuel - CNG: The Company expanded its
green revolution to Nexa channel and now offers
fourteen models with factory-fitted S-CNG technology.
New Swift S-CNG is available with an expanded range
of three variants: V, V(O), and Z, up from two in the
previous generation.
This is the largest range of CNG vehicles being offered
in the industry. The Company has till date saved
2.69 million metric tonnes of cumulative CO2 emission
from the sale of S-CNG vehicles.
Carbon Footprint reduction: In line with Suzuki s
carbon reduction commitment, the Company has
started design of new parts in such a way that raw
material and selection of manufacturing processes
are based on lesser energy input. Vehicle body is
being made of lesser air drag, lighter and stronger.
This improves fuel efficiency and results into lesser
carbon emission.
The Company currently operates a Compressed Biogas
(CBG) plant at its Manesar facility with an output of 0.2
TPD. The Company is accelerating its transition to solar
energy and has successfully achieved the solar power
generation capacity target of 78.2 MWp.
Flex Fuel: Ethanol (E20 or 20% blending of ethanol in
gasoline), and Flex Fuel Vehicles (FFV) seem to be other
promising options driving carbon emission reduction.
E20 is a priority for the government as well and the
company has already made all vehicles compliant
with E20.

Weight optimisation and Fuel efficiency improvement
The Company developed Dzire with optimum weight
and achieved the Global 5 Star NCAP rating, making IT
one of the lightest yet safest car in the market.
Powered with brand new Z Series engine, Swift and
Dzire delivers remarkable fuel economy (25.75 km/l in
Swift and 24.79 km/l in Dzire).
As sustainable mobility solutions, Swift and Dzire
S-CNG were introduced offering unmatched fuel
efficiency (32.85 km/kg in Swift and 33.73 km/kg in
Dzire).

Benefits derived because of above R&D initiative:
The Company launched products & offered superior
technologies in models like SWIFT and DZIRE along
with multiple minor change and limited edition launches.
The Company unveiled the e VITARA, demonstrating its
commitment to decarbonisation as first BEV (Battery
Electric Vehicle) SUV, along with the comprehensive
e For Me . Electric eco-solutions at the Bharat Mobility
Global Expo 2025. To make BEVs attractive to customers,
the Company developed a BEV dedicated platform
for optimum performance. As electric eco-solutions
for the customers for the infrastructure development,
e For Me initiative, the Company has prepared to offer
smart home chargers along with installation support,
provide fast charging support in the top 100 cities in
the first phase, and then expand further.
The Company partnered with many associations for
biogas plant installation and demonstration of mobility
services for rural areas using biogas.
The Company saved I 75.7 crore by localisation and I
510 crore from implementation of Value Analysis /Value
Engineering (VA/VE) concepts in FY 2024-25.
Rigorous efforts to localise imported raw material
and high technology parts have helped in reducing
the material cost and mitigating the risk of foreign
exchange fluctuations.
Higher level of localisation in new models to
optimise cost.

Technology Absorption, Adaptation, and Innovation
The Company continues to grow its capabilities
and experience to deeply understand customer s
aspirations, behaviour, and product usage pattern,
which will help to adopt and introduce relevant Suzuki s
technologies for the Indian market.
Focused benchmarking of various products and
technologies is being done to understand and develop
better products for customers.
Auto Purify with PM 2.5 Display introduced in Grand
Vitara for automatic cleaning and maintaining
comfortable cabin air for customer.
Rear door sunshades introduced in Grand Vitara for
improved cabin comfort for customers.
New generation valving in shock absorber for superior
ride and handling to accentuate SUV appeal.
Virtual performance validation capability through
Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) for high-speed
crash & Noise Vibration Harshness (NVH) integrating
ultra-high strength steel, structural sealers and advance
high damping sealers.
Achieved significant improvement in aerodynamic
drag performance for new Dzire through integrated
development of design using virtual simulation and wind
tunnel testing leading to benefits in reduction of CO2.
Achieved capability in simulating CNG flow noise to
improve cabin NVH.
Enhanced capability in the field of virtual proving ground
for improving the performance durability.
In its commitment towards passenger safety, Electronic
Stability Control (ESC) is made available across its

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
entire passenger vehicle product portfolio (excluding
Eeco). The Alto K10, S-Presso and Super Carry are the
latest models to be equipped with ESP.
Patents filed in the financial year 2024-25: One hundred
and Two
Total Patents granted in current financial year 2024-25:
Forty-Three

Benefits derived as a result of above efforts:
Introduction of relevant Suzuki s technologies in wide
product portfolio of cars for the India market.
Creating superior quality and cost-effective products.
Weight optimisation in new models without
compromising on safety, performance, and durability.
Improvements in safety of drivers, passengers,
and pedestrians.
Higher level of localisation in new models to
optimise cost.
Improvement in vehicle fuel efficiency.
In line with the nation s vision of Atmanirbhar Bharat
Abhiyaan, focussed Inner part localisation (IPL) / Value
Engineering (VE) activities were carried out in different
High technology items like ABS, ESC etc.
Reduced cost of ownership.
Reduced emission due to improved fuel efficiency and
increased volume of alternate fuel adoption.

Other Areas
Alternate source development for supply chain
risk mitigation.
Ecosystem development for EV adoption with reducing
range anxiety for customers.
Partnership for the future supply chain establishment
of biogas as future mobility solution and social
development in India s rural areas as energy source for
daily living and cooking.

Technology inducted over last 3 years:

Technology Inducted in 2022-23
1.5 intelligent electric hybrid with dual power system -
electric motor and internal combustion engine. IT offers
self-charging strong hybrid electric vehicle with energy
regeneration. Multiple drive modes (EV, Eco, Power and
Normal) with best in-class fuel efficiency of 27.97 km/l.
Expansion of advanced 6-AT to offer ease of driving &
optimum fuel efficiency in Grand Vitara and New Brezza.
Panoramic Sunroof: With double slide mechanism
and class leading opening area, panoramic sunroof
was introduced in Grand Vitara as IT offers a sense of
freedom & roominess inside the vehicle.
TPMS is offered in Grand Vitara, XL6 for enhanced
safety on the road, as maintaining the specified tire
pressure plays a major role to ensure optimum level
of vehicle handling, tire wear performance, braking
distance & fuel efficiency.
The all-new full digital instrument cluster is introduced
in Grand Vitara which displays all vital information
on the coloured screen for quick and easy use for
the customers.
Wireless Charger: Qi-certified wireless charger with
LED indicator helps in seamless charging of Qi-certified
smartphones. IT also has unique features such as device
left alert system and over-heating protection.
Ventilated Seat: The driver and co-driver ventilated
seats are designed and engineered to offer a cool and
comfortable drive.
Other key technologies like six airbags (driver, co-driver,
side, and curtain), ESC, 7-inch and 9-inch infotainment
system with HD display, and built-in next-gen telematics
system Suzuki Connect, Head Up Display, 360-degree
view camera were expanded to new models & minor
change in existing models.

Technology Inducted in 2023-24
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) was offered
in new Invicto for enhanced safety on the road, as
maintaining the specified tire pressure plays a major
role to ensure optimum levels of vehicle handling, tire
wear performance, braking distance & fuel efficiency.
In-line with Suzuki s global vision of carbon footprint
reduction and to meet the need of evolving customers,
INVICTO features the revolutionary Intelligent Electric
Hybrid system with a 2.0L engine coupled with an
e-CVT, delivering an exceptional fuel efficiency of
23.24km/l.
Electronic Parking Brake with auto hold function
was introduced in new Invicto.
Panoramic Sunroof: With double slide mechanism
and class leading opening area, panoramic sunroof
was introduced in Invicto to offer a sense of freedom,
premiumness, & roominess inside the vehicle.
Wireless Charger was introduced in FRONX and
Invicto. As the demand for wireless charging continues
to grow, Qi-certified wireless chargers play a pivotal
role in providing seamless and efficient charging
experiences. The feature introduced in FRONX for
charging of Qi-certified smartphones.
Ventilated Seat: The driver and co-driver ventilated
seats are designed and engineered to offer a cool and
comfortable drive in Invicto.
8-way powered driver seat with memory function,
powered tailgate are key features introduced in Invicto
to enhance customer experience.
Advanced 1.0L K-series turbo boosterjet direct
injection engine with 6AT with paddle shifters
was introduced in FRONX with progressive smart
hybrid technology.
Front Parking Assist System: Front parking assist
system has been introduced in Invicto. IT provides
object detection warning in front which improves safe
parking experience.

Technology Inducted in 2024-25
e VITARA is built on an all-new electric vehicle (EV)
platform, HEARTECT-e for superior performance.
The e VITARA is designed for unparalleled safety,
featuring 7 Airbags, including an additional driver knee
airbag, creating a protective cocoon for all occupants. IT
also offers all wheel disc brakes and Electronic Parking
Brake (EPB) along with brake hold function for superior
control and convenience.
Level 2 ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System)
This cutting-edge system features adaptive cruise
control, lane keep assist, adaptive high beam system,
blind spot monitoring, among others, delivering a semi-
autonomous driving experience that enhances both
safety and ease of driving.
Advance structural design with energy absorbing
battery pack mounting structure for enhanced safety
in e VITARA.
e VITARA will be equipped with next-Gen Suzuki
connect with over 60 features.
Ambient lighting with multi colour illumination for
enhanced customer experience will be introduced in
e VITARA.
Integrated display system along with twin-deck floating
console with shift by wire creates a premium and
sophisticated Digital Cockpit Experience .
e VITARA will feature Sunroof with fixed glass.
Premium sound experience - Infinity by Harman for
enhanced cabin experience for customers in e VITARA.
Ventilated front-row seats and Best-in-its-segment
10-way power adjustable driver s seat ensure a highly
personalised and comfortable experience. Rear
passengers also benefit from enhanced flexibility with
sliding and reclining seats in e VITARA.
The smart grille with adaptive shutters automatically
opens to improve cooling and closes to improve
aerodynamic efficiency, increasing the range by up to
1.5% in e VITARA.
Electrifying quick acceleration featuring Eco, Normal,
and Sport modes for tailored driving and snow mode,
which helps improve traction on snow and slippery
surfaces, providing better control in e VITARA.
Regen boost technology to enhance control, while one-
pedal driving makes city traffic hassle-free in e VITARA.
e VITARA will be Powered by a high-capacity battery,
delivering impressive range and exceptional energy
density ensuring responsive acceleration and longer
battery life, providing a dynamic driving experience.
Equipped with an advanced thermal management
system, including a low-ion coolant, IT maintains optimal
performance even under extreme conditions.
Standard safety features such six airbags, ESC and hill
hold assist were introduced in next gen Swift.
With a remarkable fuel economy of 32.85 km/kg,
the Epic New Swift with S-CNG delivers the same
performance, agility, and drive that s made IT a legend
due to improved torque at lower RPM.
Dzire is equipped with one of the most thermal efficient
Z-Series engine.
Dzire is introduced with segment first features like
electric sunroof*/ 360 view camera*/ Suzuki connect
telematics*/ LED crystal vision headlamps*/ 9
SmartPlay Pro+ infotainment system*
Feature like six airbags / 3 pt seatbelt for all seats /
wireless charger / TPMS offered in New Gen Dzire. ESC
was introduced in models like Super Carry, Alto K10 &
S-presso.

Other key technologies like 6 airbags (driver, co-driver, side,
and curtain), ESC, Rear SBR (Seat Belt reminder), 9-inch,
10-inch infotainment system with HD display and built-
in next-gen telematics system Suzuki connect, head up
display, 360 view camera, rear AC vent, were expanded to
new models & minor change in existing models.
C. Expenditure incurred on R&D
(I in million)
Particulars
A
Capital Expenditure
3,795
2,326
B
Net Revenue Expenditure
2,083
6,809
Total
5,878
9,135
D. Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo (Cash
Basis)

During the year, total inflows (on cash basis) in foreign
exchange were I 218,082 million and total outflow (on cash
basis) in foreign exchange were I 94,474 million.
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Managing Director & CEO
Director (Sustainability)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
New Delhi
31st July 2025

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure - E
Details pertaining to Remuneration as required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director*, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary during the financial
year 2024-25 and ratio of the remuneration of each Director* to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company
are as under:
Name of Director/ KMP and Designation
% increase in
remuneration@
financial year
Ratio of
remuneration of
each director*/
to median
remuneration of
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, Managing Director & CEO
11.30%
32.86
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku, Director (Sustainability)
11.30%
24.37
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi, Director (Production)
11.30%
24.37
Mr. Sanjeev Grover, Company Secretary
16.32%
NA
Mr. Arnab Roy, Chief Financial Officer
11.59%
NA

* The details with regard to Non-Executive Directors are not applicable as they have not received any remuneration except sitting fees for
attending Board/ Committee meetings and commission.

@Includes salary and perquisites and doesn t include performance linked bonus/additional variable performance reward.
There was an increase of 11.90% in the median remuneration of employees.
The median remuneration of the employees was I 17,31,671/- p.a.
(iv) There were 20,171 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March 2025.
Average percentile increase made in the salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in the last financial year was
13.92% whereas the average percentile increase in the managerial remuneration for the same financial year was 14.33%
(vi) IT is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Managing Director & CEO
Director (Sustainability)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
New Delhi
31st July 2025
Annexure - F
Secretarial Audit Report
For the Financial Year ended on 31st March 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
The Members
(CIN: L34103DL1981PLC011375)
Plot No.1, Nelson Mandela Road,
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi - 110070
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance
of the applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to
good corporate practices by Maruti Suzuki India Limited
(hereinafter referred as the Company ), having its Registered
Office at Plot No.1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New
Delhi- 110070. Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner
that provided us with a reasonable basis for evaluating the
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers,
minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the
audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31,
2025, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder
and also that the Company has proper Board processes and
compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner
and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and
returns filed, and other records maintained by the Company for
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 according to the
provisions of:
The Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and the rules
made thereunder;
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ( SCRA )
and the rules made thereunder;
The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder by the Depositories with regard
to dematerialisation/ rematerialisation of securities and
reconciliation of records of dematerialised securities with
all securities issued by the Company;
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign
Direct Investment. Further, there were no transactions of
Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial
Borrowing which was required to be reviewed during the
period under Audit;
The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
1992 ( SEBI Act ): -

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations,
2011; ( SEBI SAST Regulations )

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition
of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; ( SEBI PIT
Regulations )

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2018; [Not Applicable as the Company has not
issued any further share capital during the period
under review];

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,
2021 [Not Applicable as the Company has not
offered any shares or granted any options
pursuant to any employee benefit scheme during
the period under review];

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations,
2021 [Not Applicable as the Company has not
issued and listed any non-convertible securities
during the financial year under review];

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars
to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,
1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with
client; [Not Applicable as the Company is not
registered as Registrar to an Issue and Share
Transfer Agent];

(g)
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of
Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 [Not Applicable as
the Company has not delisted/propose to delist
its equity shares from any Stock Exchange during
the financial year under review];

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

(h)
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of
Securities) Regulations, 2018 [Not Applicable as the
Company has not bought back/propose to buy-
back any of its securities during the financial year
under review].
Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the
Company belongs, as identified by the management, that
is to say:

1.
Motor Vehicles Act, 1988;

2.
The Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989

For the compliances of Environmental Laws, Labour Laws
& other General Laws vis-à-vis The Sexual Harassment
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013, our examination and reporting is
based on the documents, records and files as produced
and shown to us and the information and explanations
as provided to us, by the officers and management
of the Company and to the best of our judgement
and understanding of the applicability of the different
enactments upon the Company, in our opinion there are
adequate systems and processes exist in the Company
to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable
Environmental Laws, Labour Laws & other General Laws.

The compliance by the Company of applicable financial
laws, like direct and indirect tax laws, has not been
reviewed in this audit since the same have been subject
to review by the statutory financial auditor and other
designated professionals.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable
clauses of the following:

1.
Secretarial Standards with respect to Meetings of
Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2)
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India;

2.
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015;

3.
General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 08,
2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 09/2023 dated
September 25, 2023 and 09/2024 dated September
19, 2024 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
to hold Extra- Ordinary General Meetings/ Annual
General Meetings through Video Conferencing (VC)
or Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) and transact
items through Postal Ballot and Section VI-J of
Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155
dated November 11, 2024 issued by Securities
and Exchange Board of India for dispensation of
dispatching the physical copies of Annual reports to
the shareholders.

4.
Provisions of Regulation 3(5) and 3(6) of SEBI PIT
Regulations, with respect to maintenance of structural
Digital Database (SDD).

During the period under review, the Company has complied
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines, Standards, Circulars, Notifications etc.
mentioned above.

We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly
constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors,
Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors and
Woman Director. The changes in the composition of
the Board of Directors that took place during the period
under review were carried out in compliance with the
provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice(s) were given to all directors to
schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed
notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in
advance to all Directors and a system exists for seeking
and obtaining further information and clarifications on
the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful
participation at the meeting.
As per the minutes of the meetings of the Board and
Committees of the Board signed by the Chairman,
all the decisions of the Board and Committees were
adequately passed and the dissenting members
views, if any, was captured and recorded as part of
the minutes.
As per the records, the Company has filed all the
forms, returns, documents and resolutions as were
required to be filed with the Registrar of Companies
and other authorities.
During the period under review, the Company has
replied to the clarifications sought by the regulator,
wherever required.
The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) has
pronounced an order dated August 23, 2021 for the
alleged contravention of Section 3(4)(e) read with Section
3(1) of the Competition Act, 2002 against the Company
and has imposed a penalty for an amount of H 200 crore
(Two Hundred crore) on the Company. However, the
Company has filed an appeal to the Hon ble National
Company Law Appellate Tribunal ( NCLAT ) and NCLAT
has granted an interim stay on the said order. Further,
the Company has made its submission and the matter
is still pending with the NCLAT and the same was also
intimated to Stock Exchanges within the stipulated time.

We further report that there are adequate systems and
processes in the Company commensurate with the size
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations
and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period the
Company has following specific events/actions having
a major bearing on the Company s affairs in pursuance
of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines,
standards etc.

1.
Ms. Anjali Bansal (DIN: 00207746) and Ms. Ireena
Vittal (DIN: 05195656) were appointed as Independent
Directors for a period of five years with effect from
August 28, 2024 up to August 27, 2029 which was
approved by shareholders in the Annual General
Meeting held on August 27, 2024.

2.
Ms. Lira Goswami (DIN: 00114636) completed her
first term of five years as an Independent Director on
August 27, 2024 and was re-appointed for a period
of five years with effect from August 28, 2024 up
to August 27, 2029 by shareholders in the Annual
General Meeting held on August 27, 2024.

3.
Mr. Davinder Singh Brar (DIN: 00068502) and
Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh (DIN: 02943155) ceased to be
Independent Directors of the Company with effect
from August 28, 2024 due to completion of their
second term of five year.

4.
Mr. Osamu Suzuki (DIN : 00680073) passed away on
December 25, 2024.

5.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi (DIN: 07806180) was
re-appointed as Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company for a period of three
years with effect from April 1, 2025 up to March 31,
2028 which has been approved by the shareholders
through postal ballot on March 21, 2025.

6.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051) was
re-appointed as Independent Director for a further
period of five years with effect from May 14, 2025
up to May 13, 2030 which has been approved by the
shareholders through postal ballot on March 21, 2025.

7.
Mr. Sunil Kakkar (DIN: 08041054) was appointed
as an Additional Director and Whole-time Director
designated as Director (Corporate Planning) for a
period of three years with effect from April 1, 2025
up to March 31, 2028 vide Board Resolution dated
March 26, 2025.

8.
The Board has granted in-principle approval for
the amalgamation of Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private
Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary ( SMG/Transferor
Company ) into and with the Company ( Transferee
Company ) in term of Section 230 to 232 and
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,
2013. Subsequently, the Board in its meeting held
on January 29, 2025 has approved the scheme of
amalgamation subject to the approvals from the
requisite majorities of shareholders and creditors
of both the Transferor and Transferee Companies,
as applicable, along with necessary approvals from
the jurisdictional Hon ble National Company Law
Tribunal (NCLT) and other regulatory authorities. An
application has been filed with NCLT and accordingly
IT has dispensed the requirement to convene
meetings of the shareholders and creditors of both
the Transferor and Transferee Companies.
For RMG & Associates
Company Secretaries
Firm Registration No. P2001DE016100
Peer Review No. 6403/2025

CS Manish Gupta

Managing Partner
Place: New Delhi
FCS: 5123; C.P. No.: 4095
Date: 31.07.2025
UDIN: F005123G000900776
Note: This report is to be read with Annexure attached
herewith and forms an integral part of this report.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure
The Members
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 of even date is to be read along with this letter:
Management s Responsibility
1.
IT is the responsibility of management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and
operating effectively.
Auditor s Responsibility
2.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company
with respect to secretarial compliances.
3.
We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company s management is adequate and appropriate for
us to provide a basis for our opinion.
4.
Wherever required, we have obtained the management s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations
and happening of events etc.
Disclaimer
5.
The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness
with which the management has conducted affairs of the Company.
6.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.
7.
We have conducted verification & examination of records, as facilitated by the Company, for the purpose of issuing this Report.
For RMG & Associates
Company Secretaries
Firm Registration No. P2001DE016100
Peer Review No. 6403/2025

CS Manish Gupta

Managing Partner
Place: New Delhi
FCS: 5123; C.P. No.: 4095
Date: 31.07.2025
UDIN: F005123G000900776
Annexure - G
Form No. MR - 3
Secretarial Audit Report
For the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
The Members,
(CIN: U34200GJ2014FTC079460)
Block No. 334 and 335, Hansalpur,
Near Village Becharaji, Mandal,
Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 382130
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of
the applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
corporate practices by Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited
(hereinafter referred to as the Company ), for the financial
year ended on March 31, 2025 ( Audit Period ) in terms of
the appointment in the Board Meeting dated January 24, 2025.
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided
us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/
statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers,
minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information/explanation
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the
audit period, generally complied with the statutory provisions
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent,
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and
returns filed and other records as maintained by the Company
for the Audit Period, according to the provisions of:
The Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and the rules
made thereunder;
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ( SCRA )
and the rules made thereunder: [Not applicable as the
Company has not listed any of its securities on any
Stock Exchange];
The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder to the extent of Dematerialisation
of Securities by the Company.
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and
External Commercial Borrowings; [No FDI inflow observed
during the Audit Period. Further, there was no transaction
of Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial
Borrowings which was required to be reviewed during the
period under audit];
The Regulations and/or guidelines as prescribed by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India, to the extent
applicable, being a material subsidiary of a listed entity
(i.e. Maruti Suzuki India Limited).
Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the
Company belongs, as identified by the management and
compliance whereof as examined on test check basis and
as confirmed by the management, that is to say:

1.
Motor Vehicles Act, 1988; and

2.
The Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989

For the compliances of Environmental Laws, Labour Laws
& other General Laws, our examination and reporting is
based on the documents, records and files as produced
and shown to us and the information and explanations
as provided to us, by the officers and management
of the Company and to the best of our judgement
and understanding of the applicability of the different
enactments upon the Company, in our opinion there are
adequate systems and processes exist in the Company
to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable
Environmental Laws, Labour Laws & other General Laws.

The compliance by the Company of applicable Financial
Laws, like Direct and Indirect Tax Laws, has not
been reviewed in our audit since the same have been
subject to review by the Statutory Auditor and other
designated professionals.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable
clauses of the following:

1.
Secretarial Standards with respect to Meetings of
Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-
2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries
of India.

2.
General Circular no. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020,
General Circular no. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020,

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
General Circular no. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020,
General Circular no. 02/2021 dated January 13,
2021, General Circular no. 2/2022 dated May 05,
2022, General Circular no. 10/2022 dated December
28, 2022 and General Circular no. 09/2023 dated
September 25, 2023 issued by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs to hold Annual General Meetings
through Video Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio-
Visual Means (OAVM).

We report that during the audit period, the Company has
generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules,
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, circulars, notifications
etc. mentioned above.

We further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is constituted
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors, Independent Directors and Woman
Director. The changes in the composition of the Board
of Directors took place during the audit period were
carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notices were given to all directors to schedule
the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings, agenda
and detailed notes on agenda were sent seven days in
advance in accordance with the applicable laws except
for the meetings held at a shorter notice, if any. Further, a
system exists for seeking and obtaining further information
and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
As per the signed minutes, all the decisions of the
Board and Committee Meetings were carried through
unanimously and there is no minuted instance of dissent
in Board or Committee meetings.
As per the records, the Company has generally filed
all the forms, returns, disclosures, documents and
resolutions as were required to be filed with the
Registrar of Companies and other authorities.

We further report that there are adequate systems and
processes in the Company commensurate with the size
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations
and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period, the
Company has undertaken following specific events/
actions having a major bearing on the Company s affairs
in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations,
guidelines, standards etc. referred to above:

1.
Ms. Manjaree Chowdhary (DIN: 03402143) a Senior
Management Personnel, was nominated by the
Holding Company and appointed as a Women Director
(Non-Executive Additional Director) on the Board
w.e.f. May 23, 2024 which was further approved/
regularised by the members of the Company in the
Annual General Meeting held on August 22, 2024.

2.
Mr. Arnab Roy was appointed as Chief Financial
Officer & Key Managerial Personnel on the Board of
the Company w.e.f. May 23, 2024.

3.
Mr. Osamu Yokooka (DIN: 09373167), Whole-time
Director, resigned from the directorship of the
Company w.e.f. May 30, 2024.

4.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051) was appointed/
regularised as an Independent Director for the period
of five years in the Annual General Meeting held on
August 22, 2024 who was earlier appointed as an
Additional Non-Executive (Independent) Director on
November 24, 2023.

5.
The Board of Directors on the Company in their
meeting held January 24, 2025 approved the scheme
of the amalgamation with its Holding Company (i.e.
Maruti Suzuki India Limited).

For RMG & Associates
Company Secretaries
Peer Review No.: 6403/2025
Firm Registration No. P2001DE016100
Date: 24-04-2025
CS Manish Gupta
Place: New Delhi
Managing Partner
UDIN: F005123G000165360
FCS: 5123; C.P. No.: 4095
Note: This report is to be read with Annexure attached
herewith and form an integral part of this report.
Annexure
The Members
(CIN: U34200GJ2014FTC079460)
Block No. 334 and 335, Hansalpur,
Near Village Becharaji, Mandal,
Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 382130
Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date, for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 is to be read along with this letter:
Management s Responsibility
1.
IT is the responsibility of management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and
operating effectively.
Auditor s Responsibility
2.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company
with respect to secretarial compliances as produced before us.
3.
We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company s management is adequate and appropriate for
us to provide a basis for our opinion.
4.
Wherever required, we have obtained the management s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations
and happening of events etc.
Disclaimer
5.
The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness
with which the management has conducted affairs of the Company.
6.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
7.
We have conducted verification & examination of records, as facilitated by the Company, for the purpose of issuing this Report.

For RMG & Associates
Company Secretaries
Peer Review No.: 6403/2025
Firm Registration No. P2001DE016100
CS Manish Gupta
Managing Partner
Date: 24-04-2025
FCS: 5123; C.P. No.: 4095
Place: New Delhi
UDIN: F005123G000165360

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Corporate Governance Report
Corporate Governance Philosophy
Maruti Suzuki India Limited (the Company) is fully committed
to practicing sound corporate governance and upholding the
highest standards in conducting business. Being a value-driven
organisation, the Company has always worked towards building
trust with shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and
other stakeholders based on the principles of good corporate
governance, viz., integrity, equity, transparency, fairness,
disclosure, accountability and commitment to values. The
Company fosters a culture in which high standards of ethical
behavior, individual accountability and transparent disclosure
are ingrained in all of its business dealings and shared by its
Board of Directors, Management and Employees. The Company
has established systems and procedures to ensure that its
Board of Directors is well-informed and well-equipped to fulfil
its overall responsibilities and to provide the management with
the strategic direction needed to create long-term shareholder
value. Sustainable business practices are the foundation
on which the Company operates since its inception. The
Company places utmost importance in creating value for all
its stakeholders by actively promoting sustainable business
practices across the value chain. The Company s value creation
principles are based on equitable, inclusive, transparent and
collaborative stakeholder practices. The Company collaborates
with the stakeholders to understand their needs and takes
appropriate measures to address them. Since inception, the
Company has inculcated the 3R (Reduce-Reuse-Recycle)
principles, Japanese practices and Suzuki Motor Corporation s
basic philosophy of smaller, fewer, lighter, shorter and beauty
in all its operating practices. These not only make the operations
efficient but also support in resource optimisation leading
to conservation of natural resources. The Company offers
relevant products and technology that Indian customers need
by leveraging the unique ability of Suzuki Motor Corporation
to design feature-rich, safer, environment-friendly products
with world class quality at an affordable price. The Company
promotes a safe, healthy and happy workplace and always
strives to be the employer of choice. The Company s initiatives
towards improving its Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) performance and its contribution towards Sustainable
Development Goals is placed in the Integrated Report.
Management Structure and Shared Leadership
The Company has a multi-tier management structure with
the Board of Directors at the top. The Company has various
functions viz. Engineering, Product Planning, Quality Assurance,
Production, Supply Chain, Marketing & Sales, Service, Parts &
Accessories, Finance, Company Secretary, Legal, Corporate
Planning, Corporate Affairs, Information Technology, Digital
Enterprise and Human Resource. The Managing Director &
CEO is supported by Member Executive Committee (MECs) in
setting strategic direction for the Company. The board meetings
of the Company mark the presence of the MECs and Senior
Management Personnel as they act as a channel between
the Board above them and the employees. This structure not
only allows easy and quick communication of field information
to the Board members but also gives the top management
the opportunity to give recommendations relevant to their
business operations.
Through this, IT is ensured that:
Strategic supervision is provided by the Board;
Control and implementation of the Company s strategy is
achieved effectively;
Operational management remains focused on implementation;
Information regarding the Company s operations and
financial performance are made available adequately;
Delegation of decision making with accountability is achieved;
Financial and operating controls are maintained at an optimal
level; and
Risk is suitably evaluated and dealt with.
Board of Directors
Composition of the Board
As on 31st March, 2025, the Company s Board consists
of eleven members. The Chairman of the Board is a Non-
Executive Director. The Company has an optimum combination
of Executive and Non-Executive Directors in accordance with
Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( Listing Regulations ). The
Board has three Executive Directors and eight Non-Executive
Directors, of whom four are Independent Directors.
The composition is given in Table 1. None of the Director is
related to any other Director. All Independent Directors are
persons of eminence and bring a wide range of expertise and
experience to the Board thereby ensuring the best interests of
stakeholders and the Company.
Table 1: Composition of the Board as on 31st March, 2025
No. Name
Category
*No. of other
directorship(s)
No. of other committee(s)
(in public limited
companies)
Name of the other listed entities#
Public Private
Member
(including
chairperson)
Chair
person
In which he/she
is a director
Category of
directorship
1.
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
Chairman,
Non-Executive
-
Escorts Kubota Limited
Independent
2.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Executive
-
Subros Limited
Non-Executive
3.
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Executive
-
Machino Plastic Limited
Non-Executive
4.
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Executive
-
5.
Mr. Toshihiro Suzuki
Non-Executive
-
6.
Mr. Kinji Saito
Non-Executive
-
Escorts Kubota Limited
Independent
7.
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
Non-Executive
-
8.
Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent
-
Asian Paints Limited
Independent
9.
Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent
-
The Tata Power
Company Limited
Independent
Piramal Enterprises
Independent
Tata Power Renewable
Energy Limited
Independent
Nestle India Limited
Independent
10. Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent
Cummins India Limited
Independent
11.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent
Ambuja Cements Limited
Independent
Diamond Power
Infrastructure Limited
Independent
IMP Powers Limited
Independent
*Doesn t include directorship in foreign companies.
#Listed entities also include companies having debt securities listed on recognized stock exchanges.
In terms of Regulation 26(1) of Listing Regulations

Foreign companies, private limited companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013 are excluded for
the purpose of considering the limit of committees.

The committees considered for the purpose are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

None of the Directors was a member of more than 10 committees or chairperson of more than 5 committees across all listed
companies in which he/she is a Director.
In terms of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations:

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are
independent of the management.

A certificate from a Company Secretary in practice stating that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have been
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board
of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority forms part of this report as Annexure - A.
None of the Directors hold equity shares in the Company except Ms. Lira Goswami who holds 14 equity shares.
During the year under review, none of the Independent Directors have resigned from the Board of the Company. Mr. Davinder
Singh Brar and Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh have ceased to be the Independent Directors of the Company due to completion of their
tenure w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August, 2024.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Board Meetings
The Board met five times during the year on 26th April, 2024, 31st July, 2024, 29th October, 2024, 29th January, 2025 and 26th March,
2025. The Board meets at least four times a year with a maximum gap of one hundred and twenty days between any two meetings.
Additional meetings are held, whenever necessary.
Table 2 gives the attendance record of the Directors at the board meetings as well as the last Annual General Meeting (AGM).
Table 2: Board Meeting and AGM attendance record of the Directors in 2024-25
Name
Number of Board
Meetings attended
(Total meetings held: 5 )
Whether attended
last AGM
(27th August, 2024 )
1.
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
Yes
2.
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
Yes
3.
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Yes
4.
*Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Yes
5.
**Mr. Osamu Suzuki
Yes
6.
Mr. Toshihiro Suzuki
Yes
7.
Mr. Kinji Saito
Yes
8.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Yes
9.
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Yes
10.
***Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
Yes
11.
***Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
Yes
12.
****Ms. Ireena Vittal
NA
13.
****Ms. Anjali Bansal
NA
14.
*****Ms. Lira Goswami
Yes
*Re-appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer for a further period of three years w.e.f. 1st April, 2025 up to 31st March, 2028.
**Mr. Osamu Suzuki passed away on 25th December 2024.
***Ceased to be the Independent Directors due to completion of their second term w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August, 2024.
****Appointed as Independent Directors for a period of five years w.e.f. 28th August, 2024 up to 27th August 2029.
*****Re-appointed as Independent Director for a further period of five years w.e.f. 28th August, 2024 up to 27th August, 2029.
Information supplied to the Board
The Board has complete access to all information of the Company. The following information is provided to the Board and the
agenda papers for the meetings are circulated seven days in advance of each meeting:
Annual operating plans, capital and revenue budgets and updates;
Quarterly results of the Company and its operating divisions or business segments;
Minutes of the meetings of the Audit Committee and other committees of the Board;
Information on recruitment and remuneration of senior officers just below the Board level, including appointment or removal of
Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary;
Materially important show cause, demand, prosecution and penalty notices;
Fatal or serious accidents and dangerous occurrences;
Any materially significant effluent or pollution problems;
Any material relevant default in financial obligations to and by the Company or substantial non-payment for goods sold by
the Company;
Any issue which involves possible public or product liability claims of a substantial nature;
Details of any joint venture or collaboration agreement;
Transactions that involve substantial payment towards
goodwill, brand equity or intellectual property;
Significant labour problems and their proposed solutions;
Any significant development in the human resources and
industrial relations front;
Sale of investments, subsidiaries, assets which are material
in nature and not in the normal course of business;
Quarterly details of foreign exchange exposure and the
steps taken by the management to limit the risks of adverse
exchange rate movement; and
Non-compliance of any regulatory, statutory nature or listing
requirements and shareholder services such as non-payment
of dividend, delay in share transfer, etc.
Committees of the Board
Audit Committee

Composition and Meetings

Table 3 shows the composition of the Audit Committee
and the details of attendance. The Audit Committee met
seven times during the year on 26th April, 2024, 31st July,
2024, 20th August, 2024, 29th October, 2024, 29th January,
2025, 12th February, 2025 and 26th March, 2025. All the
members of the Audit Committee are financially literate
and Mr. Maheswar Sahu, the Chairman, has expertise
in accounting and financial management. Mr. Davinder
Singh Brar, then Chairman of the Audit Committee
attended the last annual general meeting to answer
shareholders queries.

Table 3: Composition as on 31st March, 2025 and attendance
Name
Category
Designation
2024-25 (Total meetings held: 7)
1.
*Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent
Chairman
2.
**Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
Independent
Chairman
3.
**Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
Independent
Member
4.
***Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent
Member
5.
***Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent
Member
6.
Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent
Member

*Re-designated as the chairman of the Audit Committee w.e.f. 28th August, 2024.

**Ceased to be the members of the Audit Committee w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August 2024.

***Appointed as members of the Audit Committee w.e.f. 28th August, 2024.

Mr. Sanjeev Grover, the Company Secretary acts as the
Secretary to the Audit Committee. Wherever required, other
Directors and members of the management are also invited.

Role

The role/terms of reference of the Audit Committee include
the following:

1.
Oversight of the Company s financial reporting
process and the disclosure of its financial information
to ensure that the financial statements are correct,
sufficient and credible.

2.
Recommending the appointment, remuneration and
terms of appointment of the auditors of the Company.

3.
Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any
other services rendered by the statutory auditors.

4.
Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial
statements and auditors report before submission to
the Board for approval, with particular reference to:

Matters required to be included in the directors
responsibility statement to be included in the
Board s Report in terms of clause (c) sub-section
(3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and
practices and reasons for the same.

Major accounting entries involving estimates
based on the exercise of judgement by
the management.

Significant adjustments made in the financial
statements arising out of audit findings.

Compliance with listing and other legal
requirements relating to financial statements.

f.
Disclosure of any related party transactions.

g.
Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

5.
Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly
financial statements before submission to the Board
for approval.

6.
Reviewing, with the management, the statement of
uses/ application of funds raised through an issue
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.),
the statement of funds utilised for purposes other
than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/
notice and the report submitted by the monitoring
agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
public or rights issue or preferential issue or qualified
institutions placement, and making appropriate
recommendations to the Board to take steps in
this matter.

7.
Review and monitor the auditors independence and
performance and effectiveness of the audit process.

8.
Approval of transactions of the Company with
related parties and any subsequent modification of
such transactions.

9.
Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.

10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company,
wherever IT is necessary.

11.
Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk
evaluation and mitigation systems.

12. Reviewing with the management the performance of
statutory and internal auditors and adequacy of the
internal control systems.

13. Reviewing the adequacy of the internal audit
function including the structure of the internal audit
department, staffing and seniority of the official
heading the department, reporting structure,
coverage and frequency of internal audit.

14. Discussions with internal auditors of any significant
findings and follow up there on.

15. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations
by the internal auditors into matters where there is
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal
control systems of a material nature and reporting the
matter to the Board.

16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit
commences, about the nature and scope of audit as
well as post audit discussion to ascertain and resolve
any areas of concern.

17.
Look into the reasons for substantial defaults, if any,
in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders,
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared
dividends) and creditors.

18. Review the functioning of the whistle
blower mechanism.

19. Approval of appointment of the Chief Financial
Officer after assessing the qualifications, experience,
background, etc. of the candidate.

20. Reviewing the utilisation of loans and/or advances
from/investment by the holding company in the
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of
the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower
including existing loans/ advances/investment.

21. To consider and comment on rationale, cost-
benefits and impact of schemes involving merger,
demerger, amalgamation etc., on the Company and
its shareholders.

22. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the
charter of the Audit Committee.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC)

Composition and Meetings

Table 4 shows the composition of NRC and the details of attendance. The NRC met four times during the year on 26th April,
2024, 31st July, 2024, 29th January, 2025 and 26th March, 2025.

Table 4: Composition as on 31st March, 2025 and attendance
Name
Category
Designation
2024-25 (Total meetings held: 4)
1.
*Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent
Chairperson
2.
**Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
Independent
Chairman
3.
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Non-Executive
Member
4.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent
Member
5.
***Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent
Member

*Re-designated as the chairperson of the NRC w.e.f. 28th August, 2024.

**Ceased to be the member of the NRC w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August 2024.

***Appointed as the member of the NRC w.e.f. 28th August, 2024.

Mr. Sanjeev Grover, the Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to NRC.

Terms of Reference

The role/terms of reference of NRC include the following:

1.
Identify persons who are qualified to become directors
and who may be appointed in senior management
and recommend to the Board their appointment
and removal.

2.
Formulate criteria for evaluation of the performance
of Board, its committees and individual directors to
be carried out either by the Board, by the NRC or
by an independent external agency and review its
implementation and compliance.

3.
Formulate the criteria for determining qualification,
positive attributes and independence of a director
and devising a policy on Board diversity.

4.
Recommend to the Board a remuneration policy
applicable to directors, key managerial personnel
and other employees.

5.
Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in
whatever form, payable to senior management.

6.
Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment
of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report
of performance evaluation of Independent Directors.

7.
Ensure that

The level and composition of remuneration is
reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and
motivate directors of the quality required to run
the Company successfully.

R e l a ti o n s hip
of
re m u n e r a ti o n
to
performance is clear and meets appropriate
performance benchmarks.

Remuneration to directors, key managerial
personnel and senior management involves
a balance between fixed and incentive pay
reflecting short and long-term performance
objectives appropriate to the working of the
Company and its goals.

Any other action as may be required under
the Companies Act, 2013 and any amendment
thereto, Listing Regulations and guidelines/
circular issued by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India from time to time.

Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent
Directors & Remuneration Policy

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and
the Listing Regulations, the annual performance evaluation
of the Board, its committees and the Directors was carried
out as per the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the
Company. The evaluation of the performance of the Board,
its Chairman and the Non-Independent Directors was
carried out by the Independent Directors. The evaluation
of the performance of the Directors individually was done
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the
evaluation of the performance of the Board, its committees
and the individual Directors was done by the Board. The
criteria for the evaluation of individual Directors included
a) the extent of engagement and contribution to the
affairs of the Company including by way of attendance
in Board and committee meetings; b) ability to discharge
their duties and obligations diligently in the best interest
of the Company; c) ability to provide effective leadership
and checks and balances towards sustaining the highest
levels of corporate governance; d) exercise duty of care
and skill in the discharge of their functions; e) exercise
independence of judgement and bring about objectivity
to the Board process; and f) safeguarding the interest of
all the stakeholders specially the minority shareholders.
The evaluation criteria of the performance of the Board
and its committees included, inter-alia, their culture and
management with various factors like environment of
discussion, their roles and responsibilities, effectiveness to
govern the organisation, diversity, expertise, experience,
independence of Directors, integrity, their composition,
attendance, participation levels, bringing specialised
knowledge for decision making, smooth functioning,
effective decision making, terms of reference, conduct of
committees and frequency of meetings, etc. The Directors
expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.

Remuneration of Directors

Table 5 gives details of the remuneration for the financial
year ended 31st March, 2025 . The Company did not
advance any loans to any of its Directors in the year
under review.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Table 5: Details of Remuneration for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2025
Name
Salary &
Perquisites
(in K)
Performance
Linked Bonus*
(in K)
Sitting Fees
(in K)
Commission
(in K)
Total
(in K)
1.
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
-
1,000,000
15,500,000
16,500,000
2.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
37,046,900
19,854,917
-
56,901,817
3.
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
27,885,600
14,314,000
-
42,199,600
4.
Mr. Osamu Suzuki
-
200,000
-
200,000
5.
Mr. Toshihiro Suzuki
-
500,000
-
500,000
6.
Mr. Kinji Saito
-
500,000
-
500,000
7.
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
-
500,000
-
500,000
8.
Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
-
600,000
3,700,000
4,300,000
9.
Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
-
600,000
3,500,000
4,100,000
10.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
-
1,500,000
8,800,000
10,300,000
11.
Ms. Lira Goswami
-
1,450,000
8,500,000
9,950,000
12.
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
27,885,600
14,314,000
-
42,199,600
13.
Ms. Ireena Vittal
-
800,000
5,000,000
5,800,000
14.
Ms. Anjali Bansal
-
850,000
5,000,000
5,850,000

*The payment of performance linked bonus is subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.

Apart from the above, there were no pecuniary transactions between the Company and its Directors.

The performance criteria for the purpose of payment of remuneration to the Directors are in accordance with the Nomination
and Remuneration Policy. There is no severance fee. The terms and conditions with respect to the appointment and
remuneration of Directors are covered in the resolution passed by the shareholders. The Company has not issued any stock
options. No employee of the Company is related to any Director of the Company.

Remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors

Members of the Company had approved the payment of commission to Non-Executive Directors within the limit of one percent
of the net profits of the Company and subject to the total payments not exceeding I 70 million per annum. The criteria for the
purpose of determination of the amounts of commission are in accordance with the Nomination and Remuneration Policy.

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company is available on the website of the Company at the web-link https://
marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/Nomination_and_Remuneration_Policy_update.pdf
III. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR Committee)

Composition and Meetings

Table 6 shows the composition of CSR Committee and the details of attendance. The CSR committee met thrice during the
year on 26th April, 2024, 31st July, 2024 and 26th March, 2025.

Table 6: Composition as on 31st March, 2025 and attendance
Name
Category
Designation
2024-25 (Total meetings held: 3)
1.
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Non-Executive
Chairman
2.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Executive
Member
3.
*Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
Independent
Member
4.
**Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent
Member

*Ceased to be the member of the CSR w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August 2024.

**Appointed as the member of the CSR w.e.f. 28th August, 2024.

Mr. Sanjeev Grover, the Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the CSR Committee.

Terms of reference

1.
To frame the CSR policy and its review from time-to-time.

2.
To ensure effective implementation and monitoring of the CSR activities as per the approved policy, plans and budget.

3.
To ensure compliance with the law, rules and regulations governing the CSR and to periodically report to the Board
of Directors.
IV. Risk Management Committee (RMC)

Composition and Meetings

Table 7 shows the composition and meetings of the RMC. The RMC met twice during the year under review on 20th August,
2024 and 19th February, 2025

Table 7: Composition as on 31st March, 2025 and attendance
Name
Category
Designation
2024 -25 (Total meetings held: 2)
1.
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Non-Executive
Chairman
2.
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Executive
Member
3.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Executive
Member
4.
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Executive
Member
-
5.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent
Member
6.
*Mr. Ajay Seth
Member
Executive Board
(Internal Audit Unit &
Cost Optimisation)
Member
7.
*Mr. Rajiv Gandhi
Member
Executive Board
(Strategic Projects)
Member
8.
**Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent
Member
9.
**Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent
Member

* Ceased to be the members of the RMC w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August 2024.

** Appointed as the member of the RMC w.e.f. 28th August 2024.

Mr. Sanjeev Grover, the Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to RMC and Corporate Planning Division coordinates
its activities.

Roles and Responsibilities of the RMC

(1)
To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:

A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, in particular
including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks), information, cyber security
risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.

Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.

Business continuity plan.

(2)
To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated
with the business of the Company;

(3)
To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk
management systems;

(4)
To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing
industry dynamics and evolving complexity;

(5)
To keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions
to be taken.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Key Managerial Personnel

The particulars of key managerial personnel of the Company are as under:
Name of Key Managerial Personnel
Designation
Designation
1.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Managing Director & CEO
2.
Mr. Arnab Roy
Chief Financial Officer
3.
Mr. Sanjeev Grover
Company Secretary

Senior Management

The particulars of senior management of the Company are as under:
Designation
Designation
Name of Senior Management Personnel
1.
Head - Engineering
Mr. Tarun Aggarwal
2.
Head - Marketing & Sales
Mr. Partho Banerjee
3.
Head - Human Resource
Mr. Salil B Lal
4.
Head - Supply Chain
Mr. Deepak Thukral
5.
Head - Service
Mr. Ram Suresh Akella
6.
Head - Legal
Ms. Manjaree Chowdhary
7.
Head - Quality Assurance
Mr. Vipin Garg
8.
*Head - Corporate Planning
Mr. Sunil Kakkar
9.
Head - Corporate Affairs
Mr. Rahul Bharti
10.
Head - Part & Accessories
Mr. S. D. Chhabra
11.
Head - Product Planning
Mr. Sandeep Raina
12.
**Head - Digital Enterprise (DE) and Information & Cyber Security
Mr. Tapan Sahoo
13.
Head - Information Technology
Mr. Manoj Gautam

*Consequent to the appointment of Mr. Sunil Kakkar as Whole-time Director designated as Director (Corporate Planning) on the Board, he
ceased to be the Senior Management Personnel (SMP) of the Company w.e.f. 1st April, 2025.

**Appointed w.e.f. 1st April, 2025.
Stakeholders Relationship Committee (SRC)

Composition and Meetings

Table 8 shows the composition of SRC. Mr. R. C. Bhargava, the Chairman attended the last annual general meeting to address
shareholders queries. The SRC met during the year under review on 26th March, 2025.

Table 8: Composition as on 31st March, 2025 and attendance
Name
Category
Designation
2024 -25 (Total meeting held: 1)
1.
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Non-Executive
Chairman
2.
*Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
Independent
Member
NA
**Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent
Member
4.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Executive
Member

*Ceased to be the member of the SRC w.e.f. close of business hours of 27th August 2024.

**Appointed as the member of the SRC w.e.f. 28th August 2024.

Mr. Sanjeev Grover, the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer acts as the Secretary to SRC.

Objective

The scope of work of the SRC comprises of:

Resolving the grievances of the shareholders of the Company including complaints related to transfer/transmission of
shares, non-receipt of Annual Report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general
meetings, etc.;

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;

Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered
by the registrar & share transfer agent; and

Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company.

Investor Grievance Redressal

During the year, 7 complaints were received and resolved and each compliant was solved to the satisfaction of shareholders.
None of the complaint was pending at the end of the year under review.
VI. Sustainability Committee (SC)

Composition

Table 9 shows the composition of SC. The SC was constituted w.e.f. 30th January, 2025 and no meeting was held during the
year under review.

Table 9: Composition as on 31st March, 2025
Name
Category
Designation
1.
Mr. R.C. Bhargava
Non-Executive
Chairman
2.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Executive
Member
3.
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Executive
Member
4.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent
Member
5.
Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent
Member
6.
Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent
Member
7.
Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent
Member

Mr. Sanjeev Grover, the Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to SC.

Purpose

The purpose of the Sustainability Committee ( the Committee ) of the Board shall be to guide the Company to formulate
strategy, review policies, oversee initiatives, and align the Company s sustainability performance with the Indian and global
regulations, and the expectations of the Company s stakeholders.

Responsibilities of SC

1.
Developing Sustainability Strategies, Policies and Goals
Advise on the vision and strategies of the Company with regards to Sustainability.
Provide guidance on the development of Net Zero roadmap of the Company.
Review the social and governance aspects of the Company and provide guidance for further improvement.
Review and monitor Sustainability specific risks, opportunities and mitigation plans.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

2.
Stakeholder Engagement
Ensure that stakeholder value creation is kept central to the Sustainability strategy and the Net Zero roadmap.
Ensure that stakeholders inputs related to Environmental, Social and Governance aspects are obtained through a
structured stakeholder engagement mechanism and are duly incorporated in the sustainability strategy.
Provide guidance on collaborations with value chain partners on Sustainability topics considering that they will play
majority role in achieving Sustainability goals of the Company.
Provide guidance on addressing the concerns of value chain partners while they implement sustainability strategy
of the Company.

3.
Sustainability Governance Mechanism
Review and guide on the Governance Mechanism for implementation of Sustainability Strategy and the Net
Zero Roadmap.
Review sustainability performance of the Company.

4.
Sustainability Compliances, Disclosures and Reputation
Oversee and review the applicable and upcoming sustainability related Indian and global regulations, compliances,
and provide guidance.
Review the company s annual Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR).
Review plans to improve ESG ratings relevant for the Company.
Provide guidance on enhancing the reputation of the Company in Sustainability.

General Body Meetings

Table 10: Details of the last three AGMs of the Company
Financial Year
Location
Date
Time
Air Force Auditorium, Subroto Park, New Delhi
31st August, 2022
Video Conferencing/OAVM
29th August, 2023
Video Conferencing/OAVM
27th August 2024

The following special resolutions were passed in the last annual general meeting held on 27th August, 2024:

Continuation of the appointment of Mr. Ravinder Chandra Bhargava as Non-Executive Director.

Continuation of the appointment of Mr. Osamu Suzuki as Non-Executive Director.

Appointment of Ms. Anjali Bansal as Independent Director.

Appointment of Ms. Ireena Vittal as Independent Director.

Re-appointment of Ms. Lira Goswami as Independent Director.

Further, no special resolution was passed in the previous two Annual General Meetings held in the year 2023 and 2022.

During the year under review, one special resolution was passed through postal ballot with respect to the re- appointment
of Mr. Maheswar Sahu as Independent Director. Mr. Manish Gupta, Partner of RMG & Associates, Company Secretaries in
Whole-time Practice with Membership No. 5123, was the scrutiniser for conducting the postal ballot process through remote
e-voting facility in a fair and transparent manner.

KFin Technologies Limited was appointed as the agency to provide e-voting facilities to the Members. The Company provided facility
of remote e-voting to enable its Members to cast their votes electronically. The voting rights of the Members were in proportion of
their shareholding to the total paid up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Friday, 14th February, 2025.
The voting commenced on 20th February, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ended on 21st March, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST).

The postal ballot has been carried out as per the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder and read with the applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of India, from time to time.

The details of voting done by the Members for the said resolution is as given below:
No. of votes polled
No. of Votes - in favour
% of votes - in favour
No. of Votes - against
% of votes - against
290,433,928
287,388,701
98.95%
3,045,227
1.05%

Competencies of the Board

The following chart gives the competencies of the Board of Directors:
Competencies
Mr. R.C.
Bhargava
Ayukawa
Mr. H.
Takeuchi
Yamaguchi
Toyofuku
Mr. T.
Suzuki
Saito
Ms.
Anjali
Bansal
Ms.
Ireena
Vittal
Ms. Lira
Goswami
Mr. M.
Sahu
Knowledge of all aspects
of the Car Industry
including its operations,
technology, global
experience and
exports

Business Management

Legal/ Corporate
Governance

Government Rules/
Regulations

Knowledge of
Political/
Social Environment

Leadership

Disclosures made by the Management to the Board
During the year, there were no transactions of a material nature
with the promoters, the directors or the management, their
subsidiaries or relatives, etc. that had any potential conflict with
the interests of the Company. All disclosures related to financial
and commercial transactions where directors may have a potential
interest are provided to the Board and the interested directors do
not participate in the discussion nor do they vote on such matters.
Related Party Transactions
None of the transaction with any of the related parties was in
conflict with the interests of the Company.
Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors and
Senior Management Personnel
The Company has laid down a code of conduct for the members
of the Board and identified senior management personnel of
The Company s code of conduct has been posted on
its website www.marutisuzuki.com.
The code of conduct was circulated to all the members of the
Board and senior management personnel and they had affirmed
the compliance with the said code of conduct for the financial
year ended 31st March, 2025. A declaration to this effect signed
by the Managing Director & CEO of the Company forms part of
this report as Annexure - B.
CEO/ CFO Certification
The Company has institutionalised the framework for CEO/
CFO certification by establishing a transparent controls
self-assessment mechanism, thereby laying the foundation
for development of the best corporate governance practices
which are vital for a successful business. IT is the Company s
endeavour to attain the highest level of governance to enhance
the stakeholders value. To enable certification by CEO/CFO
for the financial year 2024-2025, key controls over financial
reporting were identified and subjected to self- assessment by
control owners in the form of completion of self-assessment
questionnaires through a web based online tool called Controls
Manager . The self-assessments submitted by control owners
were further reviewed and approved by their superiors and
the results of the self-assessment process were presented to
the auditors and the audit committee. The whole exercise was
carried out in an objective manner to assess the effectiveness
of internal financial controls including controls over financial
reporting during the financial year 2024-2025.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
*RACM: Risk and Control Matrix
As required under Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, a
certificate duly signed by the Managing Director & CEO and the
Chief Financial Officer was placed before the Board of Directors
at its meeting held on 25th April, 2025.
Legal Compliance Reporting
The Board periodically reviews reports of compliance with
all laws applicable to the Company as well as steps taken by
the Company to rectify instances of non-compliances. The
Company has developed comprehensive legal compliance
scheduling and management software by which specific
compliance tasks are assigned to specified employees. The
software enables planning and monitoring of all compliance
activities across the Company.
Code For Prevention of Insider Trading Practices
The Company has instituted a comprehensive code of conduct
in compliance with the SEBI regulations on prohibition of
insider trading. The code lays down guidelines, which advise
on procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made,
while dealing in shares of the Company and cautions on the
consequences of non- compliances.
Disclosures under Sexual Harassment of Women
at
Workplace
(Prevention,
Prohibition
Redressal) Act, 2013
The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in
line with the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and
has also complied with its provisions relating to the constitution
of Internal Complaints Committee to redress complaints received
regarding sexual harassment. The status of the complaints
received by the Company during the year under review is as under:
Number of complaints filed
Number of complaints
disposed of
Number of complaints
pending as on the end of
financial year
Nil
Familiarisation Programme/Policy on Related
Party Transactions/Policy on Material Subsidiaries
The web links of details of familiarisation programmes for the
independent directors, policy on related party transactions and
policy on material subsidiaries are:
https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Familiarization_Programmes_for_Independent_Directors.pdf
https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Policy_on_Related_Party_Transactions_New.pdf
ht tps://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net /
msilintiwebpdf/Policy_on_Subsidiary_Companies_New.pdf
Whistle Blower Mechanism
The Company has in place an established and effective
mechanism called the Whistle Blower Policy (Policy).
The mechanism under the Policy has been appropriately
communicated within the organisation. The purpose of this
policy is to provide a framework to promote responsible whistle
blowing by employees. IT protects employees wishing to raise a
concern about serious irregularities, unethical behaviour, actual
or suspected fraud within the Company. The Chairman of the
Audit Committee is the Ombudsperson and direct access has
been provided to the employees to contact him through e-mail,
post and telephone for reporting any matter. No person has
been denied access to the Ombudsperson/Audit Committee.
Details of Non-Compliance
No penalties or strictures were imposed on the Company by
stock exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authority on any
matter related to the capital market during the last three years.
Subsidiary Companies
A statement, wherever applicable, of all significant transactions
and arrangements entered into by the Company s subsidiaries is
presented to the Board of the Company at its meetings.
The Audit Committee of the Company reviews the financial
statements and investments made by unlisted subsidiary
companies. The minutes of unlisted subsidiary companies are
placed before the Board.
The details of the material subsidiary of the Company as on 31st March, 2025 are as under:
Name of the material subsidiary
Date of Incorporation Place of
Incorporation
Statutory Auditor
Date of appointment
of Statutory Auditor
1.
Suzuki Motor Gujarat
31st March, 2014
Ahmedabad, Gujarat
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
20th August, 2021
Shareholders Information
Means of Communication
Financial results
Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results are published in Financial Express and in Hindi
editions of Jansatta .
Monthly sales/production
Monthly sales and production figures are sent to stock exchanges as well as displayed on the
Company s website www.marutisuzuki.com.
News releases
All official news releases are sent to stock exchanges as well as displayed on the Company s website
www.marutisuzuki.com.
Website
The Company s website www.marutisuzuki.com contains a dedicated segment called Investors
where all information needed by members is available including ECS mandate, nomination form and
Annual Report. The website, inter-alia, also displays information regarding schedule of analyst or
institutional investor meet and presentation made to media/analysts/institutional investors, financials,
press releases, stock information, shareholding patterns, details of unclaimed dividend, etc.
Annual report
In our endeavour to protect the environment, the Company sent the annual report for the year 2023-24
through e-mails to those members who had registered their e-mail ids with either depository participants
(DPs) or the Registrar & Transfer Agent (RTA) or the Company. This also helped the Company in saving
a huge cost towards printing and dispatch.
BSE Listing Centre & NEAPS
(NSE Electronic Application
Processing System) (NSE)
All disclosures and communications to BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited (NSE) are filed electronically through BSE Listing Centre and NEAPS (NSE).
SCORES (SEBI
Complaints Redressal
System)
The Company supports SCORES by using IT as a platform for communication between SEBI and
Exclusive e-mail ids for
investors
Following e-mail ids have been exclusively dedicated for the investors queries:
einward.ris@kfintech.com
Queries relating to Annual Report may be sent to investor@maruti.co.in and queries relating to transfer
of shares and splitting/consolidation/remat of shares, payment of dividend, etc. may be sent to
einward.ris@kfintech.com
Request to Members
The Members of the Company who are holding shares in demat form are requested to kindly update their
e-mail ids with their depository participants and those who are holding shares in physical forms to kindly
get IT registered with Kfin Technologies Limited, the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Additional Information
Annual General Meeting
Date
28th August, 2025
Day
Thursday
Time
Venue: Via video conferencing (VC) or other audio-visual means
(OAVM).
Financial Year
Financial Year: 1st April to 31st March
For the year ending 31st March 2026, results will be announced:
By the end of July 2025
: First quarter results
By the end of October 2025
: Second quarter results
By the end of January 2026
: Third quarter results
By the end of April 2026
: Fourth quarter and annual results
Dividend Payment
Subject to the approval of the Members in the ensuing Annual
General Meeting, a dividend of I 135 per equity share (face value
I 5/- per equity share) for the year 2024-25 will be paid on or
after 3rd September, 2025 to those whose names appear in the
register of members/ beneficial owners at the close of business
hours on 1st August, 2025. Reminders were sent to the Members
requesting them to claim unclaimed dividend for the year
2016-17. Some members claimed their unclaimed dividends.
The payments were made directly to their bank accounts
wherever the particulars were available, under intimation to
those entitled. The balance amount remaining unclaimed was
transferred to the Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF)
within the stipulated time.
Audit Fees
The total fees for all services paid by the Company and its
subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor
and all entities in the network firm/entity, of which statutory
auditor is a part, is I 44 million for the financial year 2024-25.
Listing on Stock Exchanges
The equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE, Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street Mumbai- 400001 and NSE,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
(E) Mumbai - 400051. The annual listing fee for the year 2025-26
shall be paid to both the stock exchanges. The Company will
pay the annual custodial fee for the year 2025-26 to both the
depositories namely, National Securities Depository Limited
(NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL)
on receipt of the invoices.
Registrar and Transfer Agent
Selenium Building, Tower-B,
Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana,
India - 500 032
Toll Free
:
1800-309-4001
E-Mail Id
:
einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website
:
https://www.kfintech.com/
Share Transfer System
The Company s shares are transferred in dematerialised form
and are traded on the stock exchanges compulsorily in the
demat mode. Any request for rematerialisation is attended
within the stipulated time.
Distribution of Shareholding
Table 11 lists the distribution schedule of equity shares of the
Company as on 31st March, 2025.
Table 11
Distribution Schedule as on 31st March, 2025
Category
No. of Shareholders
%
No. of Shares
%
1.
1 - 5,000
378,182
99.81
9,759,339
3.10
2.
5,001 - 10,000
0.05
1,404,745
0.45
3.
10,001 - 20,000
0.04
2,130,495
0.68
4.
20,001 - 30,000
0.02
1,630,696
0.52
5.
30,001 - 40,000
0.01
1,658,391
0.53
6.
40,001 - 50,000
0.01
1,462,856
0.47
7.
50,001 - 10,0000
0.02
6,315,385
2.01
8.
100,001 & above
0.04
290,040,667
92.25
Total
378,893
100.00
314,402,574
100.00
Dematerialisation of Shares and Liquidity
As on 31st March, 2025 , 99.999% of the Company s total paid
up equity capital representing 31,44,02,230 equity shares
were held in dematerialised form. The balance 0.001% equity
representing 344 equity shares were held in physical form.
Suzuki Motor Corporation, the promoter of the Company holds
18,32,46,476 shares in dematerialised form.
Pursuant to Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016,
1,882 shares in respect of which dividend had not been paid or
claimed for seven consecutive years or more were transferred
in favour of IEPF Authority.
Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk
and Hedging Activities
Please refer to Annexure - C for details.
Outstanding
GDRs/ADRs/Warrants
any
Convertible Instruments, Conversion Date and
likely impact on Equity
The Company has no outstanding GDRs / ADRs / warrants or
any convertible instruments.
Details of Public Funding obtained in the last three
The Company has not obtained any public funding in the last
three years
Plant Location
The Company has five plants, two located in Palam Gurugram
Road, Gurugram, Haryana and three located at Manesar
Industrial Town, Gurugram, Haryana.
Adoption of Non-Mandatory Requirements
The Chairman s office with the required facilities is maintained
by the Company at its expense, for use by its Non-Executive
Chairman. The Company has appointed separate persons to
the post of Chairperson and Managing Director.
Other Disclosures
12. The Company has complied with the Regulation 17 to 27
and Clauses (b) to (i) of Sub-Regulation (2) of Regulation
46 of the Listing Regulations.
13. During the year under review, disclosure requirements
under Point 9 (h), (q), 10(h), (j), (m), 11, of Para C and Para F
of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are not applicable to
14. No agreement binding on the Company was entered into
which is required to be disclosed under clause 5A of
paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of Listing Regulations.
Address for Correspondence
Investors may please contact for queries related to
Shares held in dematerialised form

Their Depository Participant(s)

Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India - 500 032
Toll Free: 1800-309-4001

Mail Id: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website: https://www.kfintech.com/
Shares held in Physical Form

KFIN Technologies Limited

(at the address given above)

The Company at the following address:

1, Nelson Mandela Road,
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110 070
Phone No.: (+91)-11-4678 1000

Email Id: investor@maruti.co.in

Website: www.marutisuzuki.com

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure - A
Certificate for Non-Disqualification of Directors
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
The Members,
(CIN: L34103DL1981PLC011375)
Plot No.1, Nelson Mandela Road,
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms and returns maintained/filed by Maruti Suzuki India Limited
(CIN: L34103DL1981PLC011375) having its Registered Office at Plot No. 1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New
Delhi-110070 ( hereinafter referred to as the Company ) and notices and disclosures received from the Directors of the Company
and produced before us by the Company, for the purpose of issuing this certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with
Schedule V Para C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
2015, as amended from time to time (hereinafter referred to as SEBI Listing Regulations ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including verification of Director Identification
Number status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary by us and explanations furnished to us by the Company,
we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company, as stated below, for the financial year ended on
March 31, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities
and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other statutory authority.
S. No.
Name
DIN
1.
Mr. Ravindra Chandra Bhargava
00007620
2.
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
07806180
3.
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
08619076
4.
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
07961388
5.
*Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
00068502
6.
*Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
02943155
7.
^Mr. Osamu Suzuki
00680073
8.
Mr. Toshihiro Suzuki
06709846
9.
Mr. Kinji Saito
00049067
10.
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
02262755
11.
**Ms. Lira Goswami
00114636
12.
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
00034051
13.
#Ms. Anjali Bansal
00207746
14.
#Ms. Ireena Vittal
05195656
* Mr. Davinder Singh Brar and Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh ceased to be Independent Directors of the Company with effect from close of business hours
of August 27, 2024 due to completion of their second term of the appointment.
^ Mr. Osamu Suzuki passed away on December 25, 2024.
** Ms. Lira Goswami was re-appointed as Independent Director for the second term of five years with effect from August 28, 2024 up to August 27, 2029.
# Ms. Anjali Bansal and Ms. Ireena Vittal were appointed as Independent Directors for a period of five years with effect from
August 28, 2024 up to August 27, 2029.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the basis of the disclosures/ information provided by the management of
the company. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For RMG & Associates
Company Secretaries
Firm Registration No. P2001DE016100
Peer Review No.: 6403/2025
CS Manish Gupta
Partner
Place: New Delhi
FCS: 5123; C.P. No.: 4095
Date: 25th April, 2025
UDIN: F005123G000200549
Annexure - B
Declaration of the Managing Director & CEO
This is to certify that the Company has laid down code of conduct for all the board members and senior management personnel
of the Company and the same is uploaded on its website www.marutisuzuki.com.
Further, certified that the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management personnel have affirmed the compliance
with the code applicable to them during the year ended 31st March, 2025.
Date: 25th April, 2025
Place: New Delhi
Hisashi Takeuchi
Managing Director & CEO

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure - C
Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities
Annexure - 1
Risk Management Policy: The Company has a commodities price risk management and hedge policy. The policy is attached
herewith as Annexure-1.
Total exposure: I 43,831 Million.
Exposure to various commodities:
Commodity
Exposure in
(K) towards
the particular
commodity (Mn)
Exposure in
quantity terms
towards the
particular
commodity
(MT or Toz)
% of such exposure hedged through
commodity derivatives
Total
Domestic market
International market
OTC
Exchange
OTC
Exchange
Copper (MT)
15,810
21,365
-
16.7%
-
16.7%
Aluminium (MT)
9,834
36,996
-
18.7%
-
18.7%
Lead (MT)
3,103
15,170
-
18.7%
-
18.7%
Palladium (Toz)
11,594
118,039
-
20.4%
-
20.4%
Platinum (Toz)
3,490
42,345
-
23.8%
-
23.8%
Price movement of commodities are quite volatile in nature and the Company hedges commodity prices (procured directly
or indirectly) to mitigate the risk and protect budgetary level, thus ensuring stable financial performance.
Commodities Price Risk Management and Hedge
Policy
1.0. Background
Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) for producing cars needs
to purchase large volumes of basic commodities like steel,
aluminium directly and indirectly and consume high quantities
of copper and lead being used by its vendors for supplying
components. Apart from these basic metals, significant
quantities of Precious Group Metals like Platinum, Palladium
and Rhodium as well as other commodities like plastics, High
speed diesel (HSD) etc., are consumed.
Due to high volume usage of the above-mentioned commodities
in manufacturing cars and very high price volatility, which is
being witnessed in last couple of years, Company is exposed
to severe commodity price risk directly as well as indirectly.
These commodities are either being purchased from suppliers
directly at mutually negotiated rates or the price is settled with
suppliers, who manufacture these components for MSIL using
these commodities, at monthly/quarterly settled prices based
on prevalent market trends.
Since these commodities and components are not purchased
under a fixed price contract, the cost of the raw material input
is variable.
2.0. Commodities Price Risk Management Objective
and Strategies
The commodities price risk management objective of the
Company is to hedge the risk of changes in the commodity prices
procured directly or indirectly (i.e., procured by component
supplier). Since the fluctuations in commodity prices have
severe impact on financials of the Company, hedging provides
stability to the financial performance by estimating the amount
of future cash flows and reducing volatility.
The Company shall follow a consistent policy of mitigating the
commodities price risk by undertaking following strategies:
Bundling of commodity sourcing

Under this strategy, the Company shall negotiate with
suppliers bundling its in house requirement with its vendor
requirement to get a better price for different commodities
based on large consolidated volume.
Bundling of Suzuki Motor Corporation s (SMC )
subsidiaries sourcing

This strategy allows the Company to bundle the commodity
sourcing for the SMC subsidiaries present in India in order
to get better pricing for all the SMC group companies
in India.
III. Commodity Grade Standardisation & Substitution

The Company shall undertake grade standardisation
across various categories of commodities to the extent
possible like in the case of steel and plastic products so
as to optimise the costs.

The Company shall also change raw material grades to
cheaper grades without affecting product performance
e.g. in the case of steel from IF to EDD grade.
IV. Yield Improvement

The Company shall continuously under take yield
improvement activities across various commodities like in
the case of plastic products and electrical components,
etc., done so far.
Commodity price risk hedging

MSIL shall follow a consistent policy of mitigating
commodities price risk by entering into appropriate
hedging instruments as considered necessary from time
to time. Depending on the future outlook on commodity
prices, the Company may keep the exposures un-hedged
or hedge only a part of the total exposure.

The Company shall not enter into commodity hedging
transactions for speculative purposes i.e. without any
actual/anticipated underlying exposure.

The Company shall strictly observe the rules and regulations
laid down by RBI for undertaking the commodities price
risk hedging.
3.0. Commodities Permitted for Hedging
The Company may hedge commodities price risk on all the
commodities being purchased directly or indirectly e.g.
Aluminium, Copper, Lead, Platinum, Rhodium, Palladium,
Steel, Plastic, etc., wherever possible and permissible under
the applicable rules and regulations to enable fixing the
sourcing costs.

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Compliance Certificate
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para E of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015]
The Members
(CIN: L34103DL1981PLC011375)
Plot No.1, Nelson Mandela Road
Vasant Kunj, Delhi -110070
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance of Maruti Suzuki India Limited (hereinafter referred
to as the Company ), having its Registered Office situated at Plot No.1, Nelson Mandela Road Vasant Kunj, Delhi -110070, for
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub regulation
(2) of regulation 46 and Para C , D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( SEBI Listing Regulations ).
Management s Responsibility
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility also includes
the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of
the Corporate Governance stipulated in SEBI Listing Regulations.
Responsibility of Practicing Company Secretary
Our examination is limited to a review of procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance
with the conditions of Corporate Governance. IT is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of
Certification
Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us, we certify
that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in SEBI Listing Regulations.
We further state that this certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For RMG & Associates

Company Secretaries

Peer Review No.: 6403/2025

Firm Registration No: P2001DE016100

CS Manish Gupta

Partner
Place: New Delhi
FCS: 5123; C.P. No.:4095
Date: 25.04.2025
UDIN: F005123G000200551
Hedging for commodities allowed by Reserve Bank of India (RBI)
from time to time (like Aluminium, Copper, Lead, Nickel and Zinc
listed on a recognised stock exchange currently allowed) may be
done through Authorised Dealer Category-1 banks specifically
authorised by the RBI on a recognised stock exchange.
For hedging of (a) above commodities (i.e., the commodities
allowed for hedging through a recognised stock exchange)
through Over the Counter (OTC) Market or (b) the commodities,
which are not permitted by RBI, specific approval of RBI shall
be taken before undertaking any hedge for the same.
4.0. Permitted Financial Instruments
Exchange traded instruments:
Futures
Over the Counter (OTC) instruments
Forward contracts
Range forward Options
5.0. Hedging Ratio
A hedging ratio is defined as the total amount hedged divided
by the sum of booked and budgeted/projected exposures.
The hedge ratio for the Company shall normally be subject to
following limits:
Exposure
Hedge Period
Maximum
permissible
hedge ratio
Budgeted exposures
0-12 months
75%
Projected/Estimated Exposures
12-24 months
50%
However, depending on the commodity price outlook and views,
the Company may exceed the above hedge ratio or the hedge
period beyond 24 months.

Management
Discussion
and Analysis
Overview
FY 2024-25 commenced amid a challenging global environment,
characterised by geopolitical conflicts, an uncertain economic
outlook, and heightened volatility in international financial
markets. Despite these challenges, the Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) maintained a vigilant monetary policy, firmly aimed
at anchoring inflation towards its target. Concurrently, the
government's astute food management policy played a crucial
role in containing inflationary pressures.
While these coordinated efforts successfully managed the
inflation, India's economic growth faced its own distinct set of
difficulties. IT initially decelerated and experienced a sharp dip
by mid-year. In response to these evolving economic conditions,
both the monetary and fiscal policy levers were activated.
The government notably accelerated its capital expenditure, while
the RBI shifted its monetary policy stance, delivering its first repo
rate cut in five years to vigorously support the economic revival.
Demonstrating remarkable resilience, the Indian economy
gradually picked up pace, with growth steadily improving
towards the fiscal year's close.
Consequently, India retained its position as the fastest-growing
large economy globally in FY 2024-25, a standing IT is projected
to maintain in FY 2025-26, as affirmed by leading international
agencies like the International Monetary Fund.
India's GDP Growth (%)
6.5
3.9
(5.8)
9.7
7.6
9.2
6.5*
Source: GoI, *Provisional Estimate
Industry Overview and Annual Summary
In FY 2024-25, India remained the third-largest passenger vehicle
market globally, with over 4.3 million units sold. However, growth
slowed to about 2% from 8.2% the previous year. While at the start
of the year, a high base and affordability issues in non-premium
hatchbacks were expected to affect growth, the external factors
such as the heatwave and national elections, led to lower
showroom footfalls in the first quarter, further affecting the
demand. As demand weakened, inventory levels rose across the
industry, leading to an increase in promotional spending. Although
sales revived during the festive season, the recovery was largely
driven by these incentives.
SUVs continued to dominate, accounting for over 53% of PV
sales, while hatchbacks and sedans, especially entry-level
models, saw declining demand due to affordability challenges.
Historically, PV sales grew at 1.5 times the GDP growth, but
despite a 6.5% GDP growth in FY 2024-25, PV sales remained
flat, underscoring the affordability issue in the small car segment.
Contribution of Sales Across Segments in India s
PV Market (%)
FY 19
FY 25
6.4
3.5
5.7
10.4
23.2
54.7
18.6
7.9
23.2
13.3
22.8
10.2
Vans
Sedan
MPV
Premium Hatch
SUV
Non-premium Hatch
Regarding the powertrain mix, there was a shift in consumer
preference towards cleaner powertrain technologies such as
Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) vehicles, Strong Hybrid Electric
Vehicles (SHEVs) and Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs), leading to
a growth in sales from vehicles belonging to these technologies
in FY 2024-25 over the previous year. Consequently, the share
of sales of CNG vehicles, SHEVs and BEVs in total PV sales
increased in FY 2024-25 compared to FY 2023-24.
Powertrain Mix in PVs FY 2023-24 (%)
62.8
18.0
14.8
2.1
2.3
Petrol Vehicle
Diesel Vehicle
CNG Vehicle
Strong Hybrid
Electric Vehicle
Battery Electric Vehicle
Powertrain Mix in PVs FY 2024-25 (%)
57.2
18.3
19.3
2.4
2.7
Petrol Vehicle
Diesel Vehicle
CNG Vehicle
Strong Hybrid
Electric Vehicle
Battery Electric Vehicle
Source: Internal Estimates
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

In FY 2024-25, the Company achieved key milestones,
becoming the first Indian passenger vehicle manufacturer to
produce over 2 million units in a year. Total sales reached an all-
time high of 2,234,266 units, surpassing 2 million for the second
consecutive year. Export volumes hit a record 332,585 units,
taking cumulative exports past 3 million. The Company extends
its sincere thanks to all stakeholders for their continued support.
Amid slowing demand, the Company prioritised retail sales over
wholesales to maintain healthy inventory levels and keep sales
promotion expenses relatively lower. New models and special
editions helped drive showroom traffic, resulting in faster retail
sales growth than that of the industry and a slight gain in retail
market share.
In terms of segmental market share, the Company maintains a
leadership position across almost all the product segments and
holds a strong second place in the SUV category, with a narrow
margin to the top spot. Going forward, with a strong product
line-up in SUVs, the Company is committed to achieving a
leadership position in this segment as well.
The Company s range of CNG vehicles continued to experience
robust growth.
Supported by its parent, Suzuki Motor Corporation, the Company
made significant improvements in reducing product carbon
footprint and enhancing safety. The Company introduced an
all-new advanced Z-series powertrain for superior fuel efficiency
and reduced emissions. At present, the Company offers a
diverse portfolio of 14 models with 6 airbags as a standard
feature across all variants. Furthermore, well ahead of regulatory
requirements, Maruti Suzuki offers Electronic Stability Control
(ESC) as a standard feature across all variants and models,
the widest portfolio in the country. The Company s fleet is fully
compliant with key Indian emission and safety regulations,
including the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE Phase 2).
In its pursuit of improved efficiency across business operations
and to enhance customer convenience, the Company continued
its focus on digitalisation during the year. Details of these efforts
will be elaborated in subsequent sections.
The Company has unwaveringly pursued its commitment to
sustainability by building resilient ecosystems where economic
growth with strong governance practices, environmental
stewardship, and human development go hand in hand. At the
heart of the business lies a fundamental belief that progress
must be inclusive, and growth must create value not only for
shareholders but for all stakeholders. The Company, since its
inception, has viewed that sustainable practices and business
performance are interdependent on each other. This integrated
approach has empowered the Company to continuously
strengthen its competitive advantage and also enabled IT to
build agility in adapting to evolving market dynamics. In terms
of environmental sustainability, Suzuki s basic philosophy of
Sho-Sho-Kei-Tan-Bi enables maximising resource utilisation
and helps reduce waste. Along with this, the Company
promotes circularity in its business by practising the principles
of 3R (Reduce-Reuse-Recycle) and utilising renewable
energy. In terms of social sustainability, the Company places
utmost importance on empowering people be IT customers,
employees, local communities, youth, or human resources of
value chain partners. The Company invests in skill development,
road safety, gender diversity & inclusion, strengthening local
supplier ecosystems, and people development, among others.
This describes the major sustainability interventions.
Further details on the sustainability performance can be
accessed through the disclosures specified in the Integrated
Reporting section and the Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) section. The Company has
prepared the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
for FY 2024-25 in compliance with the format prescribed. Kindly
refer page 256 to access BRSR section.
In FY 2024-25, the Company s performance should be viewed
in a broader context beyond the domestic market. Unlike many
OEMs, the Company has strategically diversified its markets
and customer base, reducing exposure to fluctuations in the
domestic market. While domestic wholesales rose just 0.1%,
overall sales grew 4.6%, largely driven by a strong 17.5% increase
in exports. This helped maintain optimal capacity utilisation.
In FY 2024-25, the Company improved its operating margin
to 10.1% from 9.9% in FY 2023-24. Factors contributing to
this expansion included operating leverage, cost reduction
programmes, and favourable foreign exchange movements,
partially offset by higher sales promotion expenses. Despite
tough business environment, the Company was able to deliver
relatively better operating margin in the industry.
During the year, the Company took several measures in the
journey towards realising its growth strategy for FY 2030-31.
The Company,
Operationalised its first plant, having a capacity of 250,000
units at the Kharkhoda facility in Haryana, which is a
greenfield manufacturing unit.
Started preparation to enable the manufacturing of its first
BEV, the e VITARA.
Obtained the Board s approval for the amalgamation of
its wholly owned subsidiary, Suzuki Motor Gujarat (SMG)
Private Limited, with the Company. The amalgamation was
done to simplify the Group structure by eliminating multiple
companies in the same business. This amalgamation would
improve agility to enable quick decision-making and align
the direction of each business unit towards common goals.
(iv) Started construction of the 4th production line, having an
annual capacity of 250,000 units at its SMG manufacturing
facility. In Haryana, the construction of the second
manufacturing plant at Kharkhoda is progressing well.
The Board has given approval for setting up a third
manufacturing plant at Kharkhoda with a capacity of
250,000 units.
Significantly increased its exports during the year.
Domestic Sales
FY 2024-25 was a landmark year for the Company as IT achieved
its highest-ever annual sales, reaffirming its leadership in the
Indian passenger vehicle market. Notably, seven out of the top
10 best-selling cars in India were Maruti Suzuki models.
Despite a challenging demand environment, the Company
focused on increasing retail sales while calibrating wholesale
dispatches, resulting in its highest-ever retail sales and a
marginal improvement in retail market share to 41.4% in
To counter subdued consumer sentiment and maximise its
retail performance, the Company launched two new models
and multiple special editions across its product range to create
excitement in the market and attract showroom footfalls.
New model introductions during the year are:
The 4th Generation Swift - A bold, progressive design built
on Suzuki s 5th generation heartect platform, coupled with an
advanced Z-series engine providing lower carbon emissions
with the highest fuel efficiency in its segment. The Swift, for the
first time, features a dashboard, which is tilted at an 8-degree
angle, enhancing its driver-centric design. Active and passive
safety features such as 6 airbags, Electronic Stability Control
and Hill Hold Assist were offered as standard features across
all variants.
The 4th Generation Dzire - A first in its segment to offer
features such as an electric sunroof. Besides, the product
features, Head-Up Display, 6 airbags, a 360 view camera,
Electronic Stability Control, Hill Hold Assist, Suzuki Connect,
10-inch infotainment system and advanced LED crystal vision
headlamps. The all-new Dzire also secured a 5-star safety rating
in BNCAP (Bharat New Car Assessment Programmes).
Throughout the financial year, the Company also introduced
special edition models across its product range. The Dream
Series Edition for Alto K10, S-Presso, and Celerio featured
enhanced safety, best-in-class mileage, and stylish accessories.
The WagonR Waltz Edition featured trending upgrades to its
exterior and interior accessories. The SUV lineup also saw
exclusive refreshes, including, FRONX Velocity and Brezza
Urbano Limited Edition with advanced tech and styling, and
the Grand Vitara Dominion Edition with premium accessories
across all variants.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

The Company responded effectively to the rising consumer
preference for SUVs. The Company introduced special editions
across its top-selling SUV brands. As a result, the contribution
of sales from SUV models in overall PV sales for the Company
in domestic market rose to 28% in FY 2024-25, compared with
25% in FY 2023-24. With this, despite intense competition, the
Company could nearly maintain its SUV market share.
Contribution of Sales from SUVs in Overall
PV Sales of MSIL in India (%)
FY 24
FY 25
FY 23
Consumer preference towards CNG vehicles continued to rise
in FY 2024-25, with the Company s CNG vehicle sales growing
by 28% (y-o-y). This resulted in one out of every three vehicles
sold by the Company being CNG-powered. This growth was
largely driven by the Government s efforts to expand CNG
infrastructure across the country.
The Company, an early adopter of factory-fitted CNG powertrain
technology in India, offers CNG options in 14 out of its 18 models,
the highest by any OEM in India. This enabled the Company to
command 70.6% market share in the CNG vehicle segment.
The increase in CNG infrastructure in Southern and Eastern
India has significantly boosted demand for CNG vehicles.
Looking ahead, the Company is optimistic about leveraging the
expanding CNG infrastructure to maximise CNG vehicle sales.
Number of CNG Filling Stations in India
FY 22
FY 24
FY 25
4,433
6,861
FY 23
5,665
8,067
Sales of CNG Fuel Vehicles (PV+LCV)
FY 25
FY 22
FY 22
FY 22
FY 22
FY 22
FY 22
104,895
106,444
157,954
234,196
328,798
482,710
619,890
Management Discussion and Analysis
FY 2024-25: Milestones Achieved in Domestic Market
May'24
Dec 24
Jan 25
Feb 25
Mar 25
Nov 24
Oct 24
Sept 24
Jun 24
Jul 24
Aug 24
Wagon-R marks 25
years as India s most-
loved car
Launch of All-New
Dzire with segment-
first features & 5 star
safety rating
e for Me - A vision
for India s electric
future revealed
First electric SUV
e VITARA unveiled
at Bharat Mobility
Expo 2025
Maruti Suzuki Smart
Finance achieves over
2 million customers
Brezza, Alto-K10 and
Celerio upgraded with
6 airbags as standard
across variants
Super Carry
becomes the first
in segment to
introduce Electronic
Stability Programme
Grand Vitara Dominion
edition launched
FRONX clocks the
fastest 2-lakh unit
sales in PV industry
Launch of Baleno
Regal edition
Epic New Swift S-CNG
variant launched
Launch of FRONX
Turbo edition
Epic New Swift
launched with bold
& dynamic features
3,000th ARENA
outlet inaugurated
5,000th service
touchpoint opened
Swift surpasses
3 million units
sales milestone
Dream series edition
launched for Alto-K10,
S-Presso & Celerio
9 years of NEXA
with over
2.7 million customers
Grand Vitara becomes
the fastest to cross 2
lakh sales in mid-
SUV space
Electronic Stability
Program+ offered as
a standard feature in
Alto-K10 and S-Presso
The Company intensified its marketing campaigns and outreach initiatives to build customer engagement and strengthen brand
connect, leading to a 7% growth in enquiries. In FY 2024-25, the share of first-time buyers remained nearly the same as that in
FY 2023-24, indicating ongoing affordability challenges for entry-level car buyers. Historically, the entry-car segment attracted a
higher proportion of first-time buyers. The lower participation of first-time buyers was a major factor in the low growth of India s PV
industry in FY 2024-25. Notably, the first-time buyer segment has been declining since FY 2018-19. In FY 2024-25, the PV market
was largely driven by replacement and additional buyers.
Customer Profile - FY 2018-19
First-time Car Buyers
Replacement Car Buyers
Additional Car Buyers
Customer Profile - FY 2024-25
First-time Car Buyers
Replacement Car Buyers
Additional Car Buyers
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

In FY 2024-25, sales of Strong Hybrid Electric Powertrain Vehicles
(SHEVs) grew by over 27%, supported by state government
incentives and road tax waivers. SHEVs offer 25%-44% higher
fuel efficiency than conventional Internal Combustion Engines,
significantly reducing carbon emissions. SHEVs have the
potential to be scaled up quickly if the government provides
support and helps increase the share of green vehicles in a
market currently dominated by pure Internal Combustion
Engine vehicles. Faster transition towards green vehicles would
accelerate the industry's decarbonisation efforts.
Overall, the customer preference towards green vehicles
increased significantly during the year. The share of sales from
green vehicles comprising CNG vehicles, mild hybrids and
strong hybrids increased to over 48% from about 42% in the
In a constant endeavour to improve convenience and offer a
better experience to customers, the Company added 372 sales
outlets in FY 2024-25, primarily in non-urban markets. Sensing
the non urban market opportunity very early in the industry,
the Company has been expanding its network over the years.
MSIL Sales Network (Nos.)
Commercial
NEXA
Arena
Total
FY 22
FY 20
FY 21
FY 23
FY 24
FY 25
2,390
2,413
2,588
2,801
2,987
3,232
3,086
3,120
3,357
3,570
3,863
4,235
Region-wise Growth in CNG Filling Stations (%)
West
North
East
48.0
South
24.3
10.1
17.6
Region-wise Growth in PV CNG Sales in FY 2024-25
West
North
East
54.7
South
29.2
34.9
22.4
Growth
MSIL All India Average
All India growth rate for CNG vehicles: 28%
The Company also launched the innovative NEXA Studio format
- a compact, scalable sales model designed to deepen market
penetration and redefine the retail experience.
With over 2,200 outlets in non-urban markets across the
country, the contribution of sales from these markets to overall
sales increased to over 48% in FY 2024-25 compared to about
45% in FY 2023-24.
To enhance customer experience in sales processes, the
Company expanded its digital footprint. Advanced digital
tools enabled innovative customer engagement approaches.
The virtual showroom, available on VR platforms like NEXAVERSE
and ARENAVERSE, offers an immersive experience, allowing
customers to explore and customise vehicles from the comfort
of their homes. Featuring 3D visualisations and interactive
tools, these platforms help customers make informed purchase
decisions for all models and variants within the ARENA and
NEXA sales channels.
To further boost digital engagement, the Company introduced
an AI-powered virtual assistant on its website, available 24/7
to assist with queries and navigation. Additionally, a WhatsApp
chatbot was launched to enhance customer interactions,
providing instant personalised assistance for both sales
and service.
The Company has digitalised 24 out of 26 customer interaction
points while buying a car. The remaining two interaction points
are the test drive and delivery of the vehicle.
The Maruti Suzuki Smart Finance (MSSF), which offers online,
end-to-end car finance, has achieved a significant milestone of
disbursing over 2 million loans since its inception. In FY 2024-25,
nearly 39% of the customers sourced their finance for buying
cars through the MSSF platform compared with 37% in
Light Commercial Vehicle (LCV) Segment
The Company has one model, Super Carry in this segment.
In FY 2024-25, the Company recorded sales of 34,492 units in
the LCV segment, through its 373 commercial channel sales
outlets across 267 cities. CNG powertrains accounted for
nearly 82% of total Super Carry sales, reflecting the growing
preference for affordable and sustainable energy solutions.
Pre-owned Cars
The demand for pre-owned cars continued to rise, and
the Company achieved its highest-ever pre-owned car
sales. The True Value channel sales grew by nearly 2.3% in
FY 2024-25. A healthy pre-owned car segment drives new car
sales through trade-ins, prompting the Company to expand
its pre-owned sales outlets. During FY 2024-25, the Company
added 56 independent True Value sales outlets.
Exports
In FY 2024-25, the Company achieved historic milestones in
export sales, with an annual sale of 332,585 units, marking
a 17.5% y-o-y growth despite a challenging global demand
environment. The Company maintained its position as India s
leading passenger vehicle exporter for the fourth consecutive
year, holding a 43% share in PV exports from India. Notably, its
export volume surpassed 3 lakh units in both the calendar year
and fiscal year for the first time. Aligned with the Government
of India s Make in India for the World vision, the Company is
committed to increasing its exports.
Export Sales Volume (PV+LCV) (Units)
FY 25
FY 24
283,067
FY 23
259,333
FY 22
238,376
FY 21
96,139
FY 20
102,171
332,585
MSIL PV Export Share in Overall PV Exports
from India (%)
FY 24
FY 23
FY 22
FY 25
FY 21
FY 20
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Since its inception, the Company has exported over 3 million
units to about 100 countries of the world. The Company
started exporting way back in FY 1986-87, and since then,
its products have earned the acceptance and appreciation of
global customers for their high quality, advanced technology,
reliability, superior performance, and affordability. The support
of the parent company, Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) has
been vital in this achievement. SMC has provided the Company
with strong technological support and also helped leverage its
vast global network to increase exports.
In FY 2024-25, the Company expanded its export footprint by
commencing exports of FRONX and Jimny 5-door to Japan, with
both receiving an overwhelming response. This achievement
reinforced the success of the Make in India initiative. For the year,
FRONX became the largest exported model for the Company.
Jimny emerged as the second-most exported model for the
Company, following its resounding success in markets like
Mexico, Australia, and South Africa. Its performance in Japan
mirrored this trend, with an unprecedented 50,000 orders
placed within just four days of launch.
During the year, the exports to Latin America and the Oceania
grew faster compared with the exports to Africa and the
Middle East, and the ASEAN. SMC s distribution network and
its continuous efforts to keep enhancing the capacity and
capability of the network, coupled with the expansion of product
portfolio, helped the Company to cash in on opportunities as the
demand environment turned favourable in some of the markets.
Additionally, the OE supply of vehicles to Toyota through SMC in
the African market also helped grow the export volume.
With strong support from Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC), the
Company continues to broaden its export portfolio, enhancing
its presence in global markets. At present, the Company exports
17 models to about 100 countries. The Company s exports
span its entire product range, from the entry-segment Alto to
its premium SUV, Grand Vitara.
In FY 2024-25, the Company s PV export volume grew by
17.6% while that of the rest of the industry grew by 12.5%.
Also, for the Company, its export sales volume grew compared
to its domestic market. As a result, the contribution of sales
volume from exports to the total sales volume of the Company
increased to 15% in FY 2024-25. In FY 2025-26, the Company
is optimistic about its export performance and expects a strong
volume growth.
FY 2024-25 - Growth Performance
(y-o-y) in PV Exports from India (%)
Industry
14.6
MSIL
Industry
excluding MSIL
12.5
17.6
Share of Export Volume in Total
Sales Volume of MSIL (%)
FY 25
FY 24
FY 23
FY 22
FY 21
FY 20
FY 19
Service
The service function of the Company goes all-out to provide
a hassle-free ownership experience and peace-of-mind to
customers throughout the ownership journey through its
Vast and well-penetrated service network across
the country
ii)
Quicker, affordable and satisfactory periodic maintenance
and vehicle repairs
iii)
High product reliability coupled with comprehensive
warranty, extended warranty and customer
convenience packages
iv)
Round-the-clock emergency support and service at the
customer s doorstep
In FY 2024-25, the Company further strengthened its service
network by adding 460 service touchpoints, ensuring greater
accessibility across urban and rural areas. With growing
similarities in consumer preferences over urban and non-
urban centres, to ensure that the Company s premium service
offerings reach even remote locations, the compact-format
NEXA workshop concept - introduced in FY 2023-24 - was
significantly expanded. An additional 150 touchpoints were
added, bringing the total number of NEXA service touchpoints
across India to 500. Overall, Maruti Suzuki s service network
expanded to 5,424 touchpoints, enabling IT to serve a record-
breaking 27 million vehicles in FY 2024-25, marking its highest-
ever annual service load.
Number of Service Touchpoints
across India
FY 25
FY 22
FY 23
5,424
FY 24
4,964
4,564
4,254
FY 21
4,044
FY 20
3,864
FY 18
3,403
3,614
FY 19
Reaffirming its commitment to offer enhanced peace of mind
to its customers, the Company has introduced significant
enhancements to its warranty programmes. The standard
warranty has been extended from 2 years or 40,000 km to 3
years or 100,000 km. Additionally, the extended warranty now
covers up to 6 years or 160,000 km.
While the Company has already introduced the Customer
Convenience Package (CCP) to minimise the financial burden
on customers in case of unforeseen engine failures caused by
waterlogging (hydrostatic lock) or adulteration in fuel, this year,
the Company added Rodent protection to this scheme and
increased the scheme coverage for a period of up to 10 years.
So far, no insurance product in the country provides coverage
against such damages. Unique in the market, this scheme
has been well-received, with over 3 million customers opting
in. To increase accessibility, the Company also introduced
interest-free EMI options for purchasing the Extended Warranty
and CCP, available online and at workshops.
To minimise vehicle damage during adverse weather events
like rains and floods, the Company collaborated with the Indian
Meteorological Department (IMD) to provide extreme weather
alerts, helping customers protect their vehicles. Additionally,
the Company partnered with AccuWeather to enhance this
alert system. In FY 2024-25, over 17 million alerts were sent
to customers.
To enhance service efficiency and convenience, the Company
has pursued digitalisation programmes. For dealers, in the
recent past, the Company introduced the CRM tool, Dealer
Experience Centre (DExC), enabling customised service
recommendations through preferred communication modes.
For customers, an AI-driven chat and voicebot offer features
such as Anytime Assistance, regional language communication,
and digitalised job cards. Embedded Machine Learning provides
comprehensive support tailored to individual needs.
To ensure high-quality service and customer satisfaction, the
Company trains workshop personnel on the global standards of
the Suzuki Service Qualification System (SSQS). The Company
implemented an online training model, allowing real-time,
resource-efficient skill development for workshop personnel.
This initiative enabled 45% of training sessions to be conducted
online, benefiting over 40,000 participants. In FY 2024-25, over
28,000+ service partners and workshop personnel were upskilled
in cutting-edge technologies, behavioural competencies, and
soft skills. The Company successfully upskilled over 92% of its
total workshop personnel in FY 2024-25.
Furthering its commitment to sustainable operations, the
Company promotes the use of renewable electricity and
encourages dealer partners to maximise such measures. In
FY 2024-25, over 90 dealer service workshops were operating on
rooftop solar power, contributing to 5% of the total service load.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Aftermarket Parts and Accessories
A key factor in enhancing customer satisfaction during vehicle
ownership is ensuring aftermarket parts and accessories are
available at the right time, place, and price. The increasing
vehicle parc and over 95,500 parts create operational
challenges. To address this, the Company has implemented
advanced demand projection techniques, digitalised inventory
management, and expanded independent retail outlets and
regional distribution centres, under a hub-and-spoke model.
Consequently, the parts distribution network expanded to 1,377
in 2024-25.
Parts & Distribution Network*
FY 25
FY 22
FY 23
1,377
FY 24
1,255
1,146
1,008
FY 21
FY 20
FY 18
FY 19
*These independent outlets are in addition to the aftermarket parts
available at the service network of over 5,424 workshops across
the country.
The Company accords utmost importance to the safety of
vehicles through the use of genuine parts. Therefore, maximising
the reach and availability of Genuine Parts to end customers
is a key focus area. To achieve this, in addition to thousands
of physical touchpoints across India, the Company is further
leveraging digitalisation initiatives.
The Company recently launched the Intellisales mobile app
(B2B) to empower part distributor sales executives, transforming
aftermarket parts ordering. This platform allows small orders
from independent workshops, retailers, and traders. Additionally,
the Parts Kart app (B2B) enables indirect channel partners to
place direct orders with the Company in real-time, reducing
dependency on sales executives and increasing convenience.
To enhance customer convenience, the Maruti Suzuki Genuine
Accessories (MSGA) and Maruti Suzuki Genuine Parts (MSGP)
websites (B2C) were significantly improved, making IT easier for
customers to explore and order parts from home. E-commerce
via the MSGA website expanded to 596 cities, up from 450, and
the MSGA range is now available on the Maruti Suzuki mobile
app, further improving accessibility.
To highlight the importance of using genuine parts for vehicle
safety, the Company launched multiple campaigns through
physical events, traditional media, and social media.
New-age customers seek unique personalisation, comfort,
convenience, and luxury to transform A Car to My Car that
reflects their individuality. To meet this growing demand, over
470 new accessories were added under MSGA this year to fulfil
customers car personalisation needs.
Developing the capabilities of channel partner employees is
essential for delivering high-quality customer experiences.
To achieve this, the Company launched a structured training
and certification programme for Dealer Spare Parts Managers,
covering systems, processes, and soft skills. Over 1,450 dealer
personnel were trained through this programme. Additionally,
the Company introduced an end-to-end learning platform on
the Learning Management System (LMS) to educate channel
personnel more quickly, efficiently and conveniently.
Operations
In FY 2024-25, the Company achieved a historic milestone
by manufacturing over 2 million vehicles, the highest annual
production volume in its history, making IT the first OEM in India
to cross this mark in a single financial year.
This achievement is notable given the rising complexities in
the manufacturing environment, including increased scale,
expanded product lineup, and powertrain options, additional
features, and varying regulations across nearly 100 export
markets. The Company offers 18 models with over 650
variants, each requiring different production protocols, supplier
ecosystems, and technical competencies, all seamlessly
integrated into its manufacturing system.
Domestically, the Company navigated a volatile demand
environment and shifting consumer preferences towards larger
cars. When there are large variations from quarter to quarter,
IT is not easy to manage production. The effect of volatility is
felt across the value chain (suppliers, dealers, logistic service
providers), which the Company has to manage to avoid any
disruption in the value chain.
Historically, the Company s production capacity has been
oriented towards smaller cars. However, IT swiftly aligned with
emerging market needs while maintaining efficiency.
Behind this nimbleness stands the Company s agile
manufacturing systems, robust change management processes,
and adaptive production planning. This flexibility is powered by
a skilled workforce, whose continuous upskilling in emerging
technologies ensures high productivity and quality. The strong
synergy between human capital and operational agility remains
central to the Company s manufacturing resilience.
Moreover, rising complexity calls for continuous strengthening
of the quality management system and processes. Customer
feedback is essential in improving product quality. To this end,
in addition to feedback from domestic and export markets,
the Company collaborates with SMC to gather insights on
products sold in SMC s export markets. The Company has
begun using this holistic market feedback to enhance product
quality. This approach will help the Company not only prevent
the generation of defects but also improve product reliability,
durability, and ultimately, customer satisfaction.
To achieve tighter tolerances and at the same time ensure
defect-free products, the Company leverages new technological
solutions such as Industry 4.0 and 5.0 frameworks, machine
vision systems, and digital tools to continuously monitor and
maintain process quality parameters.
Inspection systems are increasingly being shifted to the source
(point of manufacturing) to prevent the outflow of defects.
This significantly reduces the time required for any corrective
action, leading to resource optimisation.
Considering India s potential and export opportunity, the
Company has laid out a capacity expansion roadmap to scale
production to 4 million units per annum by FY 2030-31. In April
2024, capacity at the Manesar facility was increased by 100,000
units, taking its total capacity to 900,000 units per annum.
Further, in February 2025, the Company commissioned a new
manufacturing facility at Kharkhoda, Haryana, with an annual
capacity of 250,000 units. Construction of a second plant with
a similar capacity is underway. Additionally, expansion plans
are in progress for the Company s SMG facility to support
future growth. In a continuous effort to enhance flexibility, the
existing plant in SMG is being upgraded to manufacture the first
EV of the Company. Also, another plant with 250,000 units is
being constructed in SMG, which is designed to manufacture
all powertrains offered by the Company. All new plants of
the Company are being designed to handle multi-powertrain
options and the demand variation in the market.
Management Discussion and Analysis
A. View of New Greenfield Manufacturing Facility at Kharkhoda, in Haryana
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Conservation of Natural Resources and
Environment Protection
Responsible Consumption of Resources
Optimising resource efficiency is central to the Company's value
creation and sustainability strategy. Suzuki's core philosophy of
Sho-Sho-Kei-Tan-Bi, meaning smaller, fewer, lighter, shorter
and beauty focuses on improving resource efficiency and
reducing waste by minimising size, quantity, weight, and time while
maintaining quality and customer satisfaction. This approach
conserves natural resources and promotes responsible
consumption of finite materials. The Company s average weight
of the cars sold in India is about 20% lower than that of the
industry. While doing so, the Company also enhances the safety
performance of its products by using Ultra and High Tensile steel.
This holistic approach ensures that the Company is using fewer
materials, which in turn ensures lesser energy requirement both in
manufacturing and in use, ultimately lowering the product s Green
House Gas emissions throughout its lifecycle.
The Company actively practices circular economy principles,
including increasing reliance on renewable energy, the 3Rs
(Reduce, Reuse, Recycle), and waste elimination. By adopting
a multi-powertrain strategy, the average carbon emission of the
Company s fleet is significantly lower than the industry average.
Not only that, but the Company is also consistently outperforming
its Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) target.
The Company's commitment to preserving natural resources is
evident at every stage, from product design to manufacturing,
distribution, and end-of-life management. The Company is
dedicated to supporting India's Net Zero emissions target by 2070.
Design for Recycling
With the objective of preventing vehicles from being discarded
as waste at their end-of-life, the Company designs them for
maximum recyclability and recoverability. Currently, all vehicles
manufactured by the Company are at least 92% recyclable and
98% recoverable.
Shift to Renewable Energy
The Company undertook a major expansion in solar power
capacity in FY 2024-25, increasing its installed solar power
capacity to 78.2 MWp from 43.2 MWp in the previous year.
This expansion resulted in the avoidance of 34,482 MT of
CO2 emissions in FY 2024-25. The Company sources green
energy at its Gurugram facility from Haryana s state electricity
distribution company, avoiding an additional 25,055 MT of CO2
emissions. Overall, nearly 16% of the electricity requirement
was met through renewable sources in FY 2024-25.
Going forward, the Company plans to increase its solar capacity
to 319 MWp by FY 2030-31, with an investment of over I 925
crore. This will likely increase the share of renewable energy in
total electricity consumption to 85% by FY 2030-31.
Promoting the 3R Principle - Improving Raw Material
Efficiency and Circularity
The 3R (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) principle is integral to the
Company. IT recycles 100% of the metallic scrap, such as steel and
aluminium, generated during car manufacturing. The Company
promotes yield-improvement activities to optimise the use of raw
materials like steel and aluminium. The state-of-the-art sewage
treatment plants enable the recycling of water. The Company
recycles 100% of its used water, meeting two-thirds of its water
requirements for car manufacturing through this process. Using
railways for car dispatches, the Company further reduces fuel use
and reduces CO2 emissions in its logistics operations.
To encourage commodity recycling, the Maruti Suzuki and
Toyota Tsusho Group s Vehicle Scrapping and Recycling
unit began operations in 2021. The facility provides an easy,
eco-friendly solution for customers to scrap vehicles and can
process 24,000 vehicles annually.
To reduce packaging plastic consumption, IT has adopted the
Eliminate-Alternate-Reduce (EAR) strategy, with over 33% of
packaging material for Knocked Down (KD) kits and components
being reused. In FY 2024-25, the Company enabled recycling of
more than 2,370 MT of packaging plastic.
Additionally, the Company has implemented an Extended
Producer Responsibility programme to recycle plastic
packaging used in aftermarket parts and accessories and
manage battery waste.
Environment Protection
Regarding environmental protection, the Company not
only complies with laws and regulations but also strives to
exceed them. Initiatives at Tier-1 suppliers' facilities focus on
education and best practices to limit hazardous substances,
with regular audits conducted. The Company has contractual
agreements and green procurement guidelines for suppliers,
ensuring effective implementation through established control
procedures. The Company adopted the globally acclaimed
International Material Data Systems (IMDS) tool to control the use
of Substances of Concern (SoCs). IT has adopted eco-friendly
waste disposal methods, including hazardous waste, and has
been practising 'Zero Waste to Landfill' for over a decade.
The Company s ESG Performance Section elaborates on the
initiatives undertaken in this section.
Safety
The Company is dedicated to fostering a strong safety culture
through proactive leadership and frontline engagement. Safety
is seen not just as compliance but as a strategic imperative for
employee well-being and operational excellence.
Supervised by the MD & CEO, the three-tier safety committee
system has been crucial in enhancing safety governance and
promoting a safety-first mindset. Collectively, these committees
held 125 meetings in FY 2024-25, driving improvements in both
occupational and non-occupational safety areas.
Recognising the importance of participative decision-
making, the Company encourages workforce involvement
in safety committees, audits, and continuous improvement
programmes. Frontline employees contributed over 248,000
safety improvement suggestions during the year, reflecting
the depth of engagement and shared ownership of safety
outcomes. The Company has institutionalised the reporting of
near-miss incidents as a key preventive tool. In FY 2024-25,
1,224 near-misses were reported and addressed with
timely countermeasures.
To reinforce a strong safety culture, over 43,400 employees,
including non-regular employees, comprising 94.6% of the total
workforce, received structured training on key safety aspects
such as fire and electrical safety, emergency response, and first
aid. During its annual 'Safety Month,' the Company conducted
awareness initiatives for employees and their families to
promote behavioural change and adherence to safety norms.
The Company also engaged with Tier-1 suppliers and dealer
partners, sharing best practices to foster a broader culture
of safety across the extended value chain. The Company
also conducted Nukkad Natak (street play) to engage and
create awareness regarding the importance of adhering to
safety guidelines.
In its commitment to road safety, the Company introduced a
mobile app to improve driving behaviour among its workforce.
Using GPS, accelerometer, and gyroscope sensors, the app
records the behaviour of the driver on indicators like over-
speeding, sudden braking, hard acceleration, sharp cornering,
and distracted driving. Based on profiling of the driver s driving
behaviour, the app also provides personalised training modules.
To drive engagement and promote safe driving, the platform
includes gamified elements such as leaderboards and peer
benchmarking through safe driving contests. This approach
encourages healthy competition and continuous improvement
in driving discipline. By integrating technology with behaviour-
based interventions, the Company aims to reduce road safety
risks, enhance stakeholder well-being, and reinforce its
commitment to responsible operations.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Mobijoy Anzen Drive - Encourages Safe Driving Behaviour
Creating awareness through Nukkad Natak during Safety Month
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Quality Assurance
The Company advanced its quality excellence journey, driven by
a zero-defect philosophy and an integrated Quality Management
System. Amid regulatory shifts, new powertrain launches, and
global expansion, IT reinforced its commitment to defect-free
products through digital tools, customer insights, supplier
collaboration, and continuous workforce upskilling, including
supplier personnel.
Key Developments in FY 2024-25
The year was marked by the successful launch of the New
Swift and Dzire, equipped with the next-generation Z12E
powertrain. These launches reflected not just product
innovation, but a comprehensive Quality Assurance ranging
from unit-level validation to vehicle-level testing to ensure
that the legacy of these iconic brands continues to provide
the joy of mobility to customers.
The validation and benchmarking of e VITARA, the Company s
first Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV), further underscored its
commitment to meet the diverse needs of various markets
and customers. The Company is preparing a diagnostic lab
aimed at BEV analysis and for quick resolution in the event
of any Quality issue.
The Company is also proactively gearing up for the upcoming
cybersecurity regulations by establishing a Cyber Security
Management System (CSMS) and forming an Incident
Response Team to handle such issues in the future, ensuring
robust vehicle security.
Export of FRONX and Jimny to Japan, as well as upcoming
shipments of e VITARA to Europe, validates the Company s
capability and commitment to global quality standards.
The Company also continued the ongoing quality management
programmes detailed below to ensure improved quality
of products.
Reinforcing Zero-Defect Philosophy Anchored in 4M Approach
The Company is dedicated to ensuring Quality excellence in its supply chain by reinforcing its Zero-Defect commitment through
focused interventions across Man, Machine, Material, and Method.
Man
Workforce skilling, AR/
VR training for suppliers
personnel (Dojo 2.0).
Machine
Digitalisation of
maintenance, real-time
equipment monitoring
(Maintenance 2.0), vision-
based inspection systems
(both in the Company and
at suppliers facilities)
and system upgrades to
prevent defect generation
and digital dashboards for
comprehensive monitoring.
Material
Localising raw materials
by developing capabilities
locally in collaboration with
Suzuki Motor Corporation
Japan, which ensures
faster evaluation.
Method
Institutionalisation of best
practices, supplier cross-
learning platforms, and
deep involvement of senior
leadership of supplier
partners to foster a strong
quality culture.
Integrated Quality Management Process - Continuous Improvement in Product Quality
New Model
Development and
Prototyping
Integrating voice of customers
Evaluation of Risks associated
with change in design
Comprehensive testing and
validation of product Quality,
Reliability and Durability
Simulation of Quality defects
in new models during
mass manufacturing
Surveys, Social media listening, analysing
drive and usage patterns through connected
vehicle solutions
Front loading for early indentification and
prevention of defects (even before they occur)
Rigorous unit-level and vehicle-level testing and
validation at Rohtak and Gurugram facilities
Peak Production Verification Trials (PPVT) both
at in-house and supplier facilities to identify and
prevent quality issues while scaling up production
Mass
Manufacturing
Quality Systems
& Processes
Maintenance and
Inspection Systems
Suppliers Operations
Initial Flow Management to stabilise early
production quality
Fool-proofing systems, use of digital tools
Robust reskilling and upskilling of workforce
Effective and efficient Change
Management Systems
Preventive Maintenance
Multi-tier quality inspections
Continuous improvement of work and
inspection standards
Periodic Quality System Audits (Tier-1 and
Tier-2 suppliers)
Promoting use of digitalised inspection
systems including Machine vision based
End-of-Line inspection systems
Capability building and upskilling programmes
Best-practice sharing
Sales
Market Quality
Provision of service information and implementation of Quality Assurance
activities aimed at the market
Continuous monitoring of product quality through customer surveys and
market feedback
Time-bound corrective actions, including implementing design and process
modification at both Company and suppliers, basis the requirement
Continuous Quality Improvement (Integrating market feedback into new product development)
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Quality Management System (QMS)
ISO 9001:2015- External audit for MSIL was conducted in February 2025 by Vincotte Belgium. Auditors recommended the
continuation of the ISO certificate for the Company without any non-conformance. For the sustenance of the ISO 9001:2015
certificate, an external agency conducts audits at regular intervals. All in-house manufacturing facilities of the Company are
covered under the scope of ISO 9001:2015 QMS.
CoP Audits: For Export models, Conformity of Production (CoP) audits are conducted by external agencies (IDIADA &
Vincotte) as per plan. All processes were found to be conforming to requirements.
Internal and External Quality Audit Cycle - As per ISO 9001 Quality Management System
3. Year
R
R
S1
S2
S3
IA
IA
IA
IA
R: Recertification Audit
S: Surveillance Audit
IA: Internal Audits
Periodic Assessments of Quality Management Systems for Supply Chain
Number of suppliers
assessed in FY 2024-25
either by the company
or through third-parties
authorised by the Company
Tier-1 Suppliers
Tier-2 Suppliers
Raw Material Suppliers
Supplier Defects in FY 2024-25
(Reduced by 49% over FY 2021-22)
FY 22
FY 23
FY 25
FY 24
Reskilling and Upskilling of Workforce on Product Quality and Safety
Category of workforce
Reskilling Frequency
Upskilling plan
As per defined multi-skilling
development plan through
combination of classroom training
and On-the-job trainings including
deputation at SMC, Japan (as per
need).
Class-room trainings through internal
and external subject matter experts.
Self-paced e-learning through online
educational platforms.
Technical trainings at SMC including
deputation in Japan (as per need).
At least once a year
Workers
Employees
Recall Management
During the year, in the interest of its customers, the Company recalled some of its vehicles and took immediate corrective measures
to reduce inconvenience to customers. The number of vehicles recalled has reduced by 66% over that of last year.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Human Resources
Company Philosophy
The Company constantly strives to promote a safe, healthy, and
happy workplace. IT creates and instils a culture of partnership
among its employees. The empowerment of human resources
to acquire knowledge and build capability, grow, and prosper
in a healthy work environment is the guiding philosophy
of the Company s HR policies. With people-centric policy
interventions, a constant two-way communication led by the
MD & CEO promotes participative decision-making. A testimony
to the participative decision-making is that, in FY 2024-25, the
employees provided a record 1 million suggestions to improve
systems and processes related to safety, quality, productivity,
and cost. Motivated human resources have been making
strong contributions in responding to business challenges
successfully. Much of the organisational progress in the last 40
years is because of the values and the culture that have been
imbibed among its employees.
Listening Organisation
One of the success factors of the Company is its ability to
understand the needs, concerns and expectations of its
employees and take quick measures to address them. To enable
this, the Company has put in place various engagement channels
with varied degrees of engagement ranging from survey-based
engagement to the highest form of engagement based on
collaboration (Refer to the Stakeholder engagement section on
page 90 to know more about employee engagement channels).
Additionally, to listen to the feedback of the employees on a
real-time basis, the Company also has a chatbot, Amber ,
which is positioned as the Chief Listening Officer. With the
superannuation of first-generation employees, the workforce is
becoming younger. In line with their needs and expectations, the
Company is continuing with its measures such as Working from
Home, flexible working hours and improvements in maternity
and paternity leave policy.
Employee Health and Well-being
The Company places utmost importance on maintaining and
improving the physical and mental well-being of its employees.
Over 5,000 employees participated in various health and well-
being training programmes in FY 2024-25. To promote the
importance of physical health among the employees, including
their families, events such as marathons and stepathlons were
organised. By collaborating with several hospitals, the Company
provides free annual health check-ups for the employees and
their spouses. The Company has also tied up with an external
partner to provide free online health consultations with the best
doctors across India for employees and their families, which
includes consultations for mental, emotional and social wellness
as well.
of an employee. The employee can also undertake self-paced
training programmes through the exhaustive e-learning courses
available internally or through external Learning Experience
Platforms (LXPs) free of cost. Till FY 2024-25, over 15,300
employees enrolled under various upskilling programmes
through LXPs.
Over a decade, the Company has been partnering with various
academic institutions to provide access to undergraduate
and postgraduate programmes to its employees. Based on
employee feedback, the Company introduced new courses,
increased the number of institutes IT partnered with, and
increased the number of available seats, thus benefiiting a larger
number of employees. Eligible employees who complete the
higher education programmes are considered for promotions
to take up higher responsibilities.
Capability Development
During the year, routine training around capability improvement,
career development, and transition assistance programmes
was conducted. Towards upskilling the workforce (Transition
Assistance Programmes) on the new and emerging technology
trends such as Industry 4.0, Big Data, Automotive electronics,
powertrain electrification, etc. the Company collaborated with
the top IITs in India. In addition, utmost importance has been
placed on inculcating a digitalisation mindset among employees.
The Company s targets to impart at least 4 person-days of
training on an average across all categories of workforce.
The Company could achieve its training target for FY 2024-25.
The Company s new-age Learning Management System (LMS)
was much appreciated by employees. The LMS uses Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning to recommend relevant
upskilling programmes based on the roles and responsibilities
Courses
Courses Taken By
Number of Employees Benefitted So Far under Higher
Education Programmes Offered by the Company
Diploma programme
Workers
B.Tech programme
Supervisors
MBA/M.Tech/PhD programme
Managers
Total
1,626
Leadership Development
The Company has adopted a holistic approach in developing
the future leaders (creating a talent pool) through,
Tacit knowledge sharing by Senior Management for
grooming existing functional leaders as business leaders
Leadership Development journey for employees in middle
management to enhance skills in three critical areas -
People Management, Commercial Acumen (Financial and
Business Acumen), Data-Driven Decision-making
Management Development Programmes in collaboration
with the premier B-schools in India, such as IIM-A, IIM-B,
IIM-C, IIM-L, MDI and ISB
Job rotations and entrusting people with bigger
responsibilities
Industrial Relations Environment
The Company strives to ensure stable and cordial industrial
relations through effective communication, participation of
employees in important decisions, and various employee
welfare programmes. Regular two-way communication, led by
the MD & CEO, with employees across various levels, keeps
them informed on the overall business scenario and provides
them with a strong platform to exchange views.
Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining
The Company respects freedom of association and promotes
collective bargaining. There are a total of three workers
unions. The Company allows collective bargaining and actively
collaborates with all the unions. During the year, elections
to elect workforce union representatives at the powertrain
manufacturing facility at Manesar were conducted in a
smooth manner.
Long-Term Wage Settlement
The wage settlement for workers of the Company, which is
effective for a period of 3 years between April 2024 and March
2027, was concluded. The agreement was jointly signed and
concluded by the management of Maruti Suzuki India Limited
(MSIL) and the three representative unions, including Maruti
Udyog Kamgar Union, Maruti Suzuki Workers Union, and Maruti
Suzuki Powertrain Employees Union. As per the terms of the
settlement, there will be an increment in monthly salaries for
all workers of the Company spread over a period of 3 years,
ensuring a substantial uplift in the overall remuneration.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Besides, there are enhancements to the existing welfare, social
security and other benefits. Even for its non-regular workers,
the Company undertook a comprehensive revision of its wage
and welfare policies.
Compensation
The Company offers industry-leading benefits, with the average
compensation being higher than the industry benchmark.
The Company s compensation policies are gender-neutral.
To improve productivity and help achieve business goals, the
Company has also put in place a structured performance-
based incentive pay structure that covers all categories of
its workforce.
Employee Welfare
The Company values its employees, who are considered to
be an essential part of its progress. The Company contributes
1% of the previous year s Profit After Tax to a fund exclusively
earmarked for employee welfare. The fund is used to provide
welfare measures, such as housing loan subsidies, educational
support for employees children, developing common
infrastructure facilities in employee housing projects, and to
provide social security measures, such as post-retirement
medical benefits for employees as well as their spouses. At the
housing project being undertaken in Dharuhera, Haryana, 289
houses have been delivered to employees.
Overseas Skill Development Training
The Company, in its continuous endeavour to enhance the
capabilities of its shop floor workers, has instituted a progressive
learning visit policy. This policy is designed to provide valuable
exposure and skill development opportunities by facilitating
visits to Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) in Japan. The initiative
underscores the Company s commitment to investing in its
human capital, ensuring that workers are equipped with the
latest industry insights and best practices. The policy has
successfully been rolled out in the current financial year.
Multi-layered Connect
For larger connect and welfare of employees families, the
Company has a calendar of events, which includes expert
career counselling for employees children, a gala family day,
and plant visits for family members. To engage with the families
of employees, communication done through an in-house
magazine and MD & CEO messages on special occasions plays
an important role.
Gender Diversity and Inclusion
The Company promotes gender diversity and provides equal
opportunity to all. Various welfare measures are taken to support
and encourage female employees. The Company is increasingly
deploying female workforce on the production shopfloor.
This initiative assumes greater significance given the limited
availability of female workforce in the country, especially in the
skills that are required for performing production operations.
Over the past few years, the Company has taken measures to
train women on the shop floor-specific skillsets. The Company is
targeting to achieve a minimum of 20% representation of women
among total new hires in FY 2025-26 for its regular employees.
Gender Diversity Trend at MSIL
(% of Female Employees in total regular
employees)
FY 22
3.6
FY 23
3.7
FY 25
4.9
FY 24
4.1
Grievance Redressal Mechanism
To address any grievances reported by its workforce, including
the temporary workforce, the Company has a well-structured
grievance redressal mechanism in place. Periodic grievance
redressal camps are organised to address their issues.
Awards and Recognition
Maruti Suzuki has been recognised at the Economic Times (ET)
HRWorld EX Awards under the Large-Scale Enterprise Category
for Exceptional Employee Experience.
Also, the Company has been recognised with the ET Human
Capital Awards 2025 under the Automobile Industry Category
for Excellence in Creating a Culture of Continuous Learning
and Upskilling .
Supporting Business Partners
The Company has put in place an exclusive organisation to
improve the human resource and industrial relations practices
of its business partners, such as its suppliers, dealers, and
transporters. The interventions are centred around providing
relevant skill training. Through multi-stakeholder initiative
programmes, the Company focuses on creating a talent pool
for its supplier and dealer partners. For more information on the
initiatives and outcomes of these programmes, kindly refer to
page 73 of the Integrated Report.
During FY 2024-25, the Company provided over 1 million
person-hours of training for its employees and the workforce
of its business partners.
Engineering
In the Passenger Vehicle (PV) industry, product excellence drives
growth and market leadership. As the Indian PV market evolves
amid stricter regulations, rising customer expectations, and
growing competition, product engineering has become key to
differentiation and long-term value. Supported by Suzuki Motor
Corporation s technical expertise, the Company continues
to build capabilities across key areas, including regulatory
readiness, electrification, connected technologies, and new-
age powertrain development.
The Company s engineering function is working in the following
key focus area
1.
Introduction of New Products

The Company offers the widest product portfolio in India s
passenger vehicle market, spanning hatchbacks, sedans,
SUVs, MPVs, and vans. IT remains focused on strengthening
its lineup across all segments. In FY 2024-25, full model
changes were launched for two iconic models - the all-
new 4th generation Swift and Dzire - featuring fresh design,
enhanced performance, safety, and feature-rich interiors,
while upholding the brand s core values of affordability,
reliability, and fuel efficiency. Limited editions across
segments added variety and freshness. Looking ahead,
the Company is actively expanding its SUV range to meet
rising consumer demand.
2.
Continuously Improving Vehicle Safety

Vehicle safety remains a strategic priority for the Company.
With strong technical support from Suzuki Motor
Corporation (SMC), significant progress was made in
FY 2024-25 to enhance product safety.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

A major milestone was achieved by the all-new Dzire,
becoming India s first sedan to earn a 5-star safety rating
under Bharat New Car Assessment Programme (BNCAP).
The Baleno also secured a 4-star BNCAP rating#. Together,
these models account for over one-sixth of the Company s
domestic sales.
3.
Introduction and Expansion of Advanced Features
and Technologies

In line with customer preference, the Company is expanding
features and technologies in its offerings.

The Company is enhancing comfort and convenience by
introducing advanced features such as next-gen telematics
(Suzuki Connect), Head-Up Display, 360 camera, sunroof,
ventilated seats, powered tailgate, 9-inch infotainment
system, TPMS, full digital instrument cluster, and
wireless charger.

In its upcoming BEV, the Company provides Level-2
ADAS features along with innovative additions like a
Digital Cockpit with integrated display, Twin-Deck Floating
Console, 10-way power adjustable driver seat, sliding and
reclining rear seats, and premium Infinity by Harman
sound system.

Keeping in mind the varied customer preferences, the
Company offers a range of Automatic Transmission
technologies - from Auto Gear Shift to 6-speed AT with
paddle shifters and e-CVT.

Automatic Transmission and Drivetrain Technologies
Auto Gear Shift
4-Speed
Automatic
Transmission
6-Speed
Automatic
Transmission with
paddle shifters
e-CVT
Technology
Suzuki AWD
Allgrip Select
Suzuki 4WD
Allgrip Pro

Refers to the technology available in the products during the particular year

#For Adult Occupant Protection

Advanced features like Electronic Stability Control (ESC), Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with Electronic Brakeforce
Distribution (EBD), and six airbags were introduced as standard in most models. Notably, the Company is the only automaker
in India to offer ESC and six airbags as standard across a wide range, from entry-level hatchbacks to premium SUVs.
4.
Reducing Carbon Footprint of the Fleet

The Company is committed to completely supporting
India s ambition of Carbon Net Zero by 2070 and any
intermediate targets before 2070. In the automobile
business, the largest share of CO2 emissions is from
products. While the Company is focusing on minimising
emissions across its business activities, reducing CO2
emissions of its products is one of the top priorities of
the Company. As a result, the Company s average carbon
emission of its fleet is significantly lower than the industry
average. Not only that, but the Company has also been
outperforming its CAFE target by a wide margin in both
Phase 1 (2017-2022) and Phase 2 (2023-ongoing).
Average Fleet CO2 Emissions - Target vs
Actual CAFE Performance
CO2 Emissions (g/km)
FY 22
113.1
FY 22
111.1
FY 24
103.6
FY 23
104.7
FY 25
101.4*
110.0
123.7
124.8
107.3
109.2
MSIL Performance (g/km)
MSIL Target (g/km)

*Provisional Internal estimates

Reducing the overall carbon emissions cannot be achieved
until the entire fleet of cars produced is involved in the
carbon reduction efforts. While the Company is focusing
on BEVs, IT might not be able to replace its entire fleet of
cars immediately. Though the estimates vary, IT would
be a reasonable assumption that until 2030, a very high
proportion of the car parc in India could be non-BEVs. Any
meaningful carbon reduction cannot be achieved if this
segment of the car population is not addressed. The car
industry needs more solutions that are quickly scalable and
affordable to reduce carbon emissions from the entire fleet.
For country a wide and diverse market like India, with per
capita income less than 10% of that in European countries, IT
is important to have multiple carbon reduction technologies
suiting local context and resource endowment.

In addition to BEVs, the Company s powertrain strategy
is to deploy all multiple carbon reduction technologies
so that the entire fleet volume is covered. The following
chart depicts the Company s target for various powertrain
technologies as a % of overall Passenger Vehicle sales
volume in India by FY 2030-31.
Powertrain Mix - Plan for Indian Market
FY 2030-31 (%)
CNG (CBG)
Ethanol-blended fuel (Flex-fuel
Vehicle, ICE vehicle compatible
with E20*)
Battery Electric Vehicle
Hybrid Electric Vehicle

*Gasoline blend with 20% Ethanol

The Company has adopted a multi-powertrain strategy
to holistically address the carbon reduction efforts, the
details of powertrain are shared below:
A)
Introducing Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV)

The Company unveiled its first BEV, the e VITARA, at the
Bharat Mobility Expo in FY 2024-25. The e VITARA is Suzuki
Motor Corporation s first BEV offering, and the Company
will serve as the global manufacturing hub for the entire
Suzuki Group and has plans to export to over 100 countries,
a significant boost to the Make in India initiative. Largely
supported by the export scale, the Company aims to
become India s largest BEV manufacturer within the first year
of production.

The parent company (SMC), to fortify the BEV portfolio,
has committed a huge R&D investment. By FY 2030-31, the
Company is expected to launch as many as 4 BEV models
(including e VITARA) for the Indian market. The Company
aims to be India s largest BEV OEM in terms of production,
domestic and export sales, by FY 2030-31.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Safety Features Offered as Standard
Active Safety
Electronic Stability Control
100%
Anti-lock Braking System + EBD
100%
Hill Hold Assist
100%*
Rear Parking Sensors / Camera
100%
Six Airbags
97%
Passive Safety
Seat Belt Reminder
100%
Behavioural Safety
Safety Feature
Safety Feature Offered as a Standard
(% of Total Domestic Sales Volume)#
*Across all-types of automatic variants #% computed basis the current sales mix
Mr. Toshihiro Suzuki, Representative Director and President, Suzuki
Motor Corporation and Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, Managing Director and
CEO, Maruti Suzuki India Limited unveiled the e VITARA - Maruti
Suzuki s first Electric SUV, at the Bharat Mobility Global Expo
2025 in New Delhi.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

B)
Proliferation of Strong Hybrid Electric Vehicle
(SHEV)
SHEV will significantly help reduce the carbon emissions
of the Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) vehicle without
the need for charging infrastructure. SHEVs are self-
charging and have the potential to scale up quickly.
The Company offers SHEV technology in two of its
vehicles - Grand Vitara and Invicto
Grand Vitara - Steep Improvement in Fuel
Efficiency (in kmpl) using Strong Hybrid
Electric Technology
Mild Hybrid
Technology
21.11
Strong Hybrid
Electric Technology
27.97
+32.5%
SHEV Sales - Grand Vitara & Invicto (Units)
16,219
20,672
10,405
C)
Promoting Compressed Natural Gas (CNG)
Powertrain Technology

The Company offers 14 CNG variants across its portfolio of
18 models. In FY 2024-25, one in every three cars sold by
the Company in the domestic market was a CNG vehicle.

Besides being low-carbon emission vehicles that incur
low running cost, CNG fuel vehicles also help in reducing
the country s import bill. This is a win-win situation for
the customer, the environment, and the government. With
the government s increased focus on expanding CNG
distribution infrastructure across the country, the demand
for CNG vehicles is growing.
Contribution of CNG Vehicles in MSIL s Total
Domestic Sales (PV+LCV) (%)
FY 25
34.5
FY 24
26.9
FY 23
20.0
FY 22
17.2
FY 21
11.9
FY 20
7.3
FY 19
6.0
D)
Exploring the Use of Biofuels - CBG and Ethanol-
based Flex-fuel Vehicles

Given the significantly lower Global Warming Potential
(GWP) of biofuels, Compressed Biogas (CBG) and
Ethanol-based Flex Fuel Vehicles (FFV) seem to be other
promising options driving carbon emission reduction. This
is especially because the country has a good amount
of the agricultural biomass required to produce these
green fuels, which would also be in the interest of Indian
farmers. Therefore, promoting biofuels will benefit society
and the environment. The Company is exploring all these
technologies by undertaking a technical and commercial
feasibility study to find the best solution for customers.

In the Bharat Mobility show, the Company displayed India s
first flex-fuel, mass-segment prototype car, the Wagon R
FFV. This vehicle will be able to run on an ethanol blend
ranging from 20% to 85%. Ethanol fuels are biogenic as
they are largely manufactured using plant-based sources.
FFV technology can help reduce carbon emissions by
~79% in comparison with vehicles that run on gasoline fuel.

E20 (20% blending of ethanol in gasoline) is already a
priority for the government. Currently, 100% of the petrol
models offered by the Company are compatible with
E20 blending.
E)
Reducing Carbon Footprint by Enhancing Fuel
Efficiency of IC Engine Vehicles

The Company, with the support of SMC, has been able
to progressively improve the fuel efficiency of IC engine
vehicles. With the support of SMC, the Company has
developed a new Z-series powertrain that provides
exceptional fuel efficiency and lower carbon emissions.
The All-New Swift and Dzire are being offered with the
new Z-series powertrain, which is the one of world s most
thermal efficient engine.
Dzire* - Improvement in Fuel Efficiency (in kmpl)
Predecessor (3rd Gen)
Successor (4th Gen)
25.71
24.79
24.12
23.26
+6.6%
MT
AMT
5.
Rohtak R&D Centre

The dynamic and evolving regulatory environment demands
a strong capacity and capability to simultaneously meet
the emerging needs of the market as well as regulatory
requirements. The Company is working to meet ever-
evolving regulatory requirements for its products, primarily
around emissions and safety. The state-of-the-art R&D
test track and testing facilities at Rohtak enable the quick
evaluation and development of products.
Supply Chain Management
Ensuring the timely availability of components with the right
quality remains a key priority in the Company s supply chain
strategy. The automotive supply chain is inherently complex and
geographically dispersed, with deep interdependencies. Over
the past few years, global disruptions driven by the pandemic,
geopolitical tensions, and non-trade barriers have significantly
strained supply chains, particularly in the availability of
electronic components.
The proactive measures undertaken by the Company helped
in improving the component availability. This enabled the
Company to manufacture the highest-ever annual production
volume of over 2 million vehicles in FY 2024-25.
Looking ahead, the supplier partners will play a pivotal role in
realising the Company s ambitious goal of manufacturing 4 million
units by FY 2030-31. The Company is actively collaborating with
the suppliers to design optimal operational configurations that
not only support scale but also enhance competitiveness.
ESG Performance in Supply Chain
A)
Environment Performance

Car manufacturing has a wide and long supply chain.
A substantial portion of value addition occurs within
the Company s supplier ecosystem. Therefore, in the
Company s journey to drive decarbonsiation in its entire
value chain, suppliers play a critical role. The Company
regularly monitors the GHG emissions of its Tier-1 suppliers
and actively promotes the usage of renewable energy
by suppliers. In FY 2024-25, 35% (refer graph below) of
the overall electricity requirement of these suppliers was
met using renewable sources compared to about 26% in

Besides, the Company is proactively controlling the
usage of Substances of Concern (SoC) in the vehicles,
in line with the global standards. The SOC management
of suppliers is assessed periodically by the Company to
ensure adherence to SOC requirements. In this regard,
the Company conducted 399 supplier assessments
in FY 2024-25. Besides, awareness sessions among
suppliers are conducted periodically to improve the SOC
Management System.
GHG Emissions* of all Tier-1 Suppliers
(Component + Raw Material)
Million tCO2
Raw Material Suppliers
OE Component Suppliers
*Scope 1 + Scope 2 (Excluding transportation)
FY 23
0.35
0.75
FY 24
0.3
0.73
Share of RE in Total Electricity
Consumption of Tier-1 Suppliers* (%)
FY 24
FY 25
* Tier-1 suppliers representing 75% by value of purchase.
B)
Social Performance

The Company, as a part of its supplier assessment
framework, has done a robust evaluation of the human
resource systems and processes at Tier-1 suppliers,
including aspects related to human rights. In FY 2024-25,
assessments were conducted for suppliers who contribute
over 70% by value of overall component purchase.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Besides, the Company regularly imparts skill training for
the suppliers workforce. In FY 2024-25, the Company
imparted over 1,700 training sessions, covering 100% of
the Tier-1 suppliers. The training sessions cover topics
including cybersecurity, safety, energy optimisation,
Process Optimisation, POSH, etc. To know about the
capability development programmes undertaken by the
Company for the suppliers workforce, please refer to the
Integrated Report section, page 73, 75
C)
Governance in Supply Chain

With a focus on continuously strengthening the governance
in the supply chain, the Company in collaboration with its
30 supplier partners, developed a corporate governance
framework in FY 2024-25. This initiative was later expanded
to the top-100 suppliers.

The self-assessment framework evaluates performance
across four key areas:

1.
Enhancing transparency and accountability

2.
Proactive risk management and mitigation

3.
Promoting sustainable value creation

4.
Upholding ethical standards
Tier-1 Suppliers
Human Safety
10% Sample audit
by MSIL
Self assessment by
T-1 suppliers (Critical
categories-Sheet
metal & Plastics)
Regular assessment
at defined periodicity
(By MSIL / Authorised
3rd parties)
Fire Safety
Human Safety
Audit by MACE*
Audit by MACE* /
Authorised 3rd Parties
Fire Safety
Tier-2 Suppliers (Managed through Tier-1s)
Current
Assessment
Mechanism
Monitoring
& Reporting
Mechanism
Safety assesment reporting to MSIL
Periodic monitoring of improvements by MSIL
Tier-1s monitor assessment
and improvements
Status is communicated to MSIL
Results for
FY 2024-25
95% of Tier-1 suppliers (Buying value) are
ISO45001 certified
Human Safety self assessments - 282 suppliers
Fire Safety Audits - 300 suppliers
Human Safety Audits reported - 477 suppliers
Fire Safety Audits reported - 242 suppliers
Human Safety: 57% of identified improvement
opportunities addressed
Enablers
by MSIL
Training on Safety
i. MSIL
ii. MACE
iii. Knowledge experts
~70% Tier-1 suppliers & ~45% Tier-2 suppliers were trained
Sharing of best practices by MSIL Top management
*Centre of Excellence created by MSIL
and Tier-1 suppliers

Besides, the Company actively promotes the culture of safety among its supply chain. The efforts of the Company towards
continuously improving safety performance in its supply chain are given below,
Cost Optimisation
One of the objectives of the Company s cost optimisation
programme is to help offset cost pressure on account of inflation
in various cost elements to the extent possible, to maintain
stable prices of its products. This customer-centric approach
helps maintain competitiveness.
During the year, the Company experienced cost pressure on
account of inflation in various cost elements and new regulations.
To offset these cost pressures to a certain extent, the Company
undertook several initiatives such as the localisation of direct
and indirect imports, value engineering and analysis, yield
improvement, energy efficiency improvement and tighter control
on overheads. The Company continues to collaborate with the
supplier partners in various cost-optimisation and efficiency-
improvement activities.
The Company was able to achieve a significant amount of cost
savings on account of the suggestion scheme through which
employees contribute to idea generation and its implementation.
During the year, the Company achieved cost savings of I4,904
million on account of such efforts.
Logistics
The Company continues to make strategic progress in
transforming its logistics operations to be more sustainable,
safe, and competitive. A major thrust area has been increasing
the share of rail transport in inbound and outbound logistics,
reducing dependency on road-based movement, and thereby
lowering carbon emissions.
Leadership in Railway-based Vehicle Dispatches
Over the past decade, the Company has cumulatively dispatched
over 2.4 million vehicles via railways. In FY 2024-25, IT achieved
its highest-ever annual rail dispatch volume at 518,157 vehicles,
which is 24.3% of its total dispatch, marking a growth of ~16%
over the previous year. This shift helped avoid approximately
180,000 MT of CO2e emissions, when compared to road-
based dispatches.
The Company is the first automobile OEM in India to develop
in-plant railway sidings at two manufacturing facilities with a
combined dispatch capacity of 750,000 vehicles per annum.
These sidings are aligned with the Government of India s PM
Gati Shakti initiative and provide seamless rail connectivity to
major ports such as Mundra and Pipavav.
1)
In FY 2023-24, the Company operationalised India s first
automobile in-plant railway siding at its manufacturing
facility in Gujarat, with a capacity to dispatch 300,000
vehicles through railways per annum.
2)
In FY 2025-26, the Company commissioned India s largest
automobile in-plant railway siding at its Manesar facility
in Haryana, with a capacity to dispatch 450,000 vehicles
annually. Once fully operational, this will result in potential
savings of 60 million litres of fossil fuel and avoidance of
175,000 MT of CO2e emissions per year.
Management Discussion and Analysis
Railway Siding facility at Manesar
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

By FY 2030-31, the Company targets to increase the share
of dispatches in India using railways to 35% of overall vehicle
dispatches, compared with 24.3% in FY 2024-25.
Modernisation of the Fleet of Car Carriers
In addition to the reduction of CO2 emissions in the logistics
operations, the Company is focusing on limiting mass emissions
(NOx/SOx) as well. In this regard, efforts are being made to
modernise the fleet compatible with BS-VI emission standard
from BS-IV. To promote this, various awareness sessions were
done with logistics service providers showcasing the benefits
of new-age technology, focusing on carbon emission reduction,
low carrier breakdown and low maintenance compared to the
old fleet.
Status of Fleet Modernisation: % of BS-VI
Compatible Carriers in the Total Fleet
FY 24
FY 23
FY 25
Driver Training and Welfare
The Company accords utmost priority to the safety, health,
and well-being of its truck driver partners by providing training
sessions and conducting health check-ups. During the year,
over 241,000 drivers and co-drivers were covered through
multiple training sessions. In addition, more than 3,500 drivers
underwent free medical check-ups at Company facilities in
Haryana and Gujarat, including screenings for diabetes and
vision-related conditions.
Vehicle Dispatched through Rail Mode (units)
FY 21
FY 20
FY 19
FY 18
FY 17
FY 16
FY 15
FY 22
FY 24
FY 23
FY 25
65,700
5.0%
5.5%
6.2%
8.3%
11.6%
13.2%
14.6%
17.6%
21.5%
24.3%
35%
76,441
87,747
178,315
233,809
335,245
447,750
518,157
188,656
110,370
155,357
FY'31 Target
Dispatch through Railways
Rail Contribution
Financial Performance
The Company registered Net Sales of I 1,451,152 million and Profit after Tax of I 139,552 million, a growth of 5.6% over the
Table 1: Abridged Profit and Loss Account for 2024-25 (I million)
Parameters
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Change
Volumes (Nos.)
Domestic
1,901,681
1,852,256
Export
332,585
2,83,067
Total
2,234,266
2,135,323
4.6%
Vehicles
1,257,091
1,170,404
Spare parts/dies & moulds/components
194,061
178,974
Net sales (2+3)
1,451,152
1,349,378
Other operating revenue
67,849
59,948
Other income
47,504
38,548
Total revenue (4+5+6)
1,566,505
1,447,874
8.2%
Consumption of raw materials, components & traded goods
1,081,539
1,004,179
Employee benefit expenses
61,370
54,784
Finance Costs
1,931
1,932
Depreciation and amortisation
31,593
30,223
Other expenses
198,240
186,352
Total expenses
1,374,673
1,277,470
7.6%
Profit before tax (7-13)
191,832
170,404
12.6%
Current tax
38,418
36,311
Deferred tax
13,862
1,999
Profit after tax (14-15-16)
139,552
132,094
5.6%
Table 2: Financial Performance - Ratios (As a Percentage of Net Sales)
Parameters
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Change (%)
Material cost
74.5%
74.4%
0.1
Employee benefit expenses
4.2%
4.1%
0.1
Depreciation and amortisation
2.2%
0.0
Other expenses
13.7%
13.8%
(0.1)
13.2%
12.6%
0.6
Profit after tax
9.6%
9.8%
(0.2)
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Parameters
FY25
FY24
Change
Remarks Where Change More Than 25%
Debtors Turnover (No. of Times)
-24%
Inventory Turnover (No. of Times)
-2.2%
Interest Coverage Ratio
-17%
Current Ratio
0.9
0.8
9.7%
Debt Equity Ratio
(0.001)
(0.005)
-80%
There is no net debt during the year
resulting in decrease in debt equity ratio
Operating Profit Margin (%)
10.1%
9.9%
2%
Net Profit Margin (%)
9.6%
9.8%
-2%
Return on Net Worth
15.7%
18.3%
-14%
Treasury Operations
The Company has efficiently managed its surplus funds through
prudent and cautious treasury operations. The guiding principle
of the Company s treasury investments is to keep the safety and
liquidity of investment over and above returns. In view of this,
the Company invested its surplus funds in debt schemes of
mutual funds and fixed deposits with banks. This has enabled
the company to earn reasonable and stable returns.
Table 3 lists the investment of surplus funds, while Table 4 lists
the return on these surplus funds.
Table 3: Investment of Surplus Funds (I million)
31-03-25
31-03-24
Debt Mutual Fund
591,567
533,203
Fixed Deposits
9,700
4,350
Total
601,267
537,553
Table 4: Income from Investment of Surplus Fund
(I million)
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Interest on fixed deposits
Income from investment in
debt mutual funds
44,808
36,906
Total
45,211
36,949
Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The Company is exposed to the risks associated with fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates, mainly on the import of components,
raw materials and export of vehicles. The Company has a well-
structured exchange risk management policy. The Company
manages its exchange risk by using appropriate hedge
instruments judiciously, depending on market conditions and
the view on currency.
Internal Controls and Adequacy
The Company has a proper and adequate system of internal
control to ensure that all assets are safeguarded and protected
against loss from unauthorised use or disposition, and that all
transactions are authorised, recorded and reported correctly.
The internal control system is designed to ensure that financial
and other records are reliable for preparing financial information
and other data, and for maintaining accountability of assets.
The internal control system is supplemented by an extensive
programme of internal audits, reviews by management, and
documented policies, guidelines and procedures.
Risk Management
Risks Associated with Increased Scale of Operations
The Company aims to significantly increase its production
capacity by FY 2030-31. While IT took almost 40 years to
reach 2 million units, the upcoming production expansion will
have to done at a much faster pace. Achieving this growth will
require significantly more human capital, financial investment,
and technical know-how, along with faster decision-making.
Stakeholder partners - suppliers, dealers, and transporters -
must also scale in tandem. The Company is actively
collaborating with them to anticipate and address the challenges
of rapid expansion.
Ensuring Continuity in Component Supplies
With over 400 Tier-1 and nearly 1,300 Tier-2 suppliers
across regions, supply disruption remains a major business
continuity risk.
In the recent past, driven by pandemic-led disruptions,
geo-political tensions and restrictions in terms of non-trade
barriers, the Company has been facing supply issues. Through
meticulous planning, maintaining constant communication with
the top management of suppliers, and developing alternate
sources, the Company was able to manage the supply risk and
improve the availability of electronic components.
The Company is also running the Vendor Comprehensive
Excellence Programme to strengthen supplier capabilities
across functions, including risk management. Key focus
areas include fire safety, industrial relations, quality, financial
prudence, water logging, succession planning, and reducing
single-location dependency. Localisation of components
remains a core part of the Company s risk mitigation strategy.
Strengthening the Capacity and Capability for Future
Product Development
Driven by new model launches, product refreshes, advanced
technology features, and expanded regulatory requirements
across a diverse portfolio, demand increased for both resource
capacity and development capabilities. The Company is
enhancing engineering skills and implementing various
measures to motivate and retain talent.
Cybersecurity
Over the years, the Company has taken deliberate steps
to counter cybersecurity threats by implementing a robust
management framework. Key measures include employee
education on phishing risks and proactive monitoring through
advanced technologies to protect information assets and
ensure business continuity.
As cyber threats are growing, the Company has taken decisive
steps to strengthen cybersecurity in its supply chain. IT has
created a cybersecurity assessment framework based on global
standards for assessing & improving suppliers. By fostering
a culture of awareness and vigilance among suppliers, the
Company aims to strengthen its supply chain s resilience
against potential cyber threats and ensure business continuity.
Safeguarding Consumer and Personal data
By the virtue of its business operations, ranging from
manufacturing to sales to service, a lot of personal data gets
generated. Therefore, to safeguard the consumer and personal
data, the Company strengthens its policies, governance
structure and technological solutions from time to time.
For more information on Risk Management, refer to page 100
of the Integrated Report.
Outlook
The Passenger Vehicle (PV) industry witnessed a sharp slowdown
in growth in FY 2024-25, with low single-digit growth expected
in FY 2025-26 as well. A key concern is declining participation
from first-time buyers, primarily due to affordability challenges.
Car penetration in India remains low, only ~30 per 1,000 people,
yet car purchases are increasingly driven by replacement or
additional demand from higher-income households. Today, over
88% of households are excluded from access to safer transport,
reflecting a critical gap in social equity.
The entry-car segment, historically the natural choice of first-
time buyers, has seen price-points surge nearly 70% since
FY 2018-19, largely due to regulatory changes. Reviving this
segment is vital to re-engage mass-market consumers and
catalyse industry growth.
Going forward, the country has set an ambitious goal of
becoming a developed nation (Viksit Bharat) by 2047. The
automobile industry is a very large part of the manufacturing
sector and has both a responsibility and the opportunity towards
this growth. The Company being the largest passenger vehicle
manufacturer, will continue to partner with India and play its part
in India s journey towards Viksit Bharat.
As a market leader, the Company with a spirit of making IT
happen , is focusing on expanding horizons by unlocking new
opportunities, through a multi-pronged strategy focused on
enhancing presence in several product and market segments.
The Company has taken an ambitious view on features and
technologies that enhance comfort, safety and driving pleasure,
across its product lineup.
Therefore, despite a subdued domestic demand environment,
the Company remains committed to its ambitious growth plan of
nearly doubling of its annual manufacturing capacity to 4 million
units by FY 2030-31 from the current levels.
The Company has maintained its position as the largest exporter
of Passenger Vehicles (PVs) from India for four consecutive years,
commanding nearly 43% share in India s PV exports. Backed by
Suzuki Motor Corporation s support in terms of equipping the
Company with a best-in-class global product portfolio, along with
a strong distribution network spread across 100 countries, the
Company continues to strengthen its competitive position in exports.
Looking ahead, the Company aims to sustain its strong export
growth momentum and expects to more than double export
volumes from current levels. With its 1st BEV, the Company
will resume exports to advanced economies such as Europe.
Exports will not only serve as one of the enablers for achieving
the Company s growth objective, but also play a pivotal role in
India s emergence as a global automotive manufacturing hub.
Further, the Company has already embarked on increasing its
consumer base in India by focusing on diversification in terms of
product segments, form-factors, and powertrain technologies.
In line with the changing customer preference, the Company
with strong support from SMC is working towards strengthening
its SUV product lineup across price-points. Besides, with its
multi-powertrain technologies, comprising BEVs, SHEVs,
alternate fuel driven powertrain such as CNG, CBG and ethanol,
the Company would not only empower customer with choices
but also help maximise its decarbonisation impact.
Refer, page 60 to know about the targeted powertrain mix by
FY 2030-31
Management Discussion and Analysis
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
Business Responsibility & Sustainability
Reporting
Details of the Listed Entity
Particulars
Details
1.
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity
L34103DL1981PLC011375
2.
Name of the Listed Entity
Maruti Suzuki India Limited (hereinafter referred as MSIL or The
company )
3.
Year of incorporation
4.
Registered office address
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
5.
Corporate address
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
6.
Email
7.
Telephone
011-46781000
8.
Website
http://www.marutisuzuki.com/
9.
Financial year for which reporting is being done reported
01/04/2024 to 31/03/2025
10.
Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed
1) Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. (BSE)
2) National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE)
11.
Paid-up capital
I 1,572 million
12.
Name and contact details (telephone, e-mail address) of the
person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the
BRSR report
Name- Mr. Nikhil Vyas
(Vice President - Corporate Affairs
Strategic Research, Investor Relations, & ESG)
Contact- 011-46781129
Email - Nikhil.vyas@maruti.co.in
13.
Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report
made on a standalone basis (i.e., only for the entity) or on
a consolidated basis (i.e., for the entity and all the entities
which form a part of its consolidated financial statements,
taken together).
Standalone
14.
Name of assurance provider
15.
Type of assurance obtained
Reasonable Assurance on BRSR Core KPIs and
Limited Assurance on other BRSR Indicators
Kindly note that in line with the ISF Guidelines (SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated 20 November 2024)
developed in consultation with representatives from ASSOCHAM, CII and FICCI; MSIL has restated select previous year figures
to ensure consistency and comparability across disclosures.
Products/services
16. Details of Business Activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
Description of Main Activity
Description of Business Activity
Percentage of
Turnover of the
entity
1.
Manufacture of
motor vehicles
The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing and sale of
passenger and commercial vehicles. The Company s vehicles are offered
through three channels: Nexa, Arena and Commercial.
82.76%
2.
Sale of motor vehicle parts
and accessories
The Company also sells aftermarket parts and accessories under the
brand name of Maruti Suzuki Genuine Parts and Maruti Suzuki Genuine
Accessories .
12.78%
17. Products/Services sold by the Entity (accounting for 90% of the entity s Turnover):
Product/Service
NIC Code
Percentage of total
Turnover contributed
1.
Manufacture of motor vehicles
82.76%
2.
Sale of motor vehicle parts and accessories
12.78%
III. Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location
Number of plants
Number of offices
Total
National
International
-
19. Markets served by the entity:
Number of locations
Locations
Number
National (No. of States)
36 (28 states & 8 Union territories)
International (No. of Countries)
Exports to nearly 100 countries
What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

14.99%
A brief on types of customers

MSIL, India s largest passenger vehicle manufacturer serves a diverse customer base spanning individual consumers,
government and corporate employees, fleet operators, and defence agencies. Its vehicles cater to a wide range of applications
from personal mobility to taxi services; underscoring the brand s versatility, reliability, and broad market appeal.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
Employees and Workers (including differently abled):
Particulars
Total (A)
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
Employees
1.
Permanent (D)
14,280
13,279
92.99%
1,001
7.01%
2.
Other than Permanent (E)
1,621
1,540
95.00%
5.00%
3.
Total employees (D + E)
15,901
14,819
93.20%
1,082
6.80%
Workers
4.
Permanent (F)
5,686
5,679
99.88%
0.12%
5.
Other than Permanent(G)
24,358
24,309
99.80%
0.20%
6.
Total workers (F + G)
30,044
29,988
99.81%
0.19%
Differently abled Employees and Workers
Particulars
Total (A)
Male
Female
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
Differently abled Employees
1.
Permanent (D)
92.31%
7.69%
2.
Other than Permanent (E)
0%
3.
Total differently abled employees (D + E)
92.31%
7.69%
Differently abled Workers
4.
Permanent (F)
100.00%
0%
5.
Other than Permanent (G)
100.00%
0%
6.
Total differently abled workers (F + G)
100.00%
0%
21. Participation/ Inclusion/ Representation of Women
Total (A)
No. and percentage of Females
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Board of Directors*
27.27%
Key Management Personnel**
0%

* BoD composition as on 31st March 2025.

**Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, MD and CEO, is a part of both the Board of Directors and the Key Management Personnel.
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Total
Permanent Employees
3.91%
5.23%
3.99%
4.39%
6.53%
4.51%
7.06%
14.52%
7.46%
Permanent Workers
0.53%
23.53%
0.56%
0.48%
19.05%
0.51%
0.30%
8.33%
0.31%
Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. Names of Holding/ Subsidiary/ Associate Companies/ Joint Ventures
Name of the holding/ subsidiary/ associate
companies/ joint ventures (A)
Indicate whether holding/
Subsidiary/ Associate/
Joint Venture
% Of shares
held by listed
entity
Does the entity indicated at column
A, participate in the Business
Responsibility initiatives of the
listed entity?
(Yes/No)*
1.
Subsidiary
100%
No
2.
Subsidiary
100%
No
3.
J.J Impex (Delhi) Limited
Subsidiary
100%
No
4.
Plastic Omnium Auto Energy
Manufacturing India Private Limited
Joint Venture
26%
No
5.
Joint Venture
19%
No
6.
Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India
Joint Venture
50%
No
7.
Associates
14.81%
No
8.
Associates
29.28%
No
9.
Associates
15.35%
No
10.
Associates
25%
No
11.
Hanon Climate Systems India
Associates
39%
No
12.
Associates
15.79%
No
13.
Associates
37.03%
No
14.
Associates
10%
No
15.
Associates
44.37%
No
16.
Bellsonica Auto Component India
Associates
30%
No
17.
FMI Automotive Components
Associates
49%
No
18.
Manesar Steel Processing India
Associates
11.83%
No
19.
Maruti Suzuki Insurance Broking
Associates
46.26%
No
20.
Associates
30.37%
No

* For the current financial year, the Company has reported on a standalone basis. Accordingly, subsidiaries are not included within the scope
of this BRSR report. However, they actively participate in the Business Responsibility initiatives undertaken by the standalone entity.
VI. CSR Details
24. (i)
Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes

Turnover (in K): 1,519,001 million

(iii) Net worth (in K): 940,467 million
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct
Stakeholder
group from
whom
complaint is
received
Grievance Redressal
Mechanism in Place (Yes/
No) (If yes, then provide web
link for grievance redress
policy)
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number of
filed during
Number of
at close of
Remarks
Number of
complaint
filed during
the
Number of
at close of
Remarks
Communities
Yes (Regular interactions
with the communities
through field visits, group
meetings/events etc.)
-
Investors
(Other than
shareholders)
NA (The Company does
not have investors other
than shareholders)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Shareholders
Yes
https://www.marutisuzuki.
com/corporate/investors
-
Employees
and workers
Yes
(internal online platform
to raise complaints, share
grievances and feedbacks)
https://marutistoragenew.
blob.core.windows.net/
msilintiwebpdf/Whistle_
Blower_Policy_New.pdf
Work-in-
progress
to address
related to
infrastructure,
HR processes
etc
104*
7*
All pending
except one
the date of this
Customers
Yes
https://www.marutisuzuki.
com/corporate/reach-us
21,822
All complaints
the date of this
23,282
All pending
complaints of
FY24 have been
closed in FY25.
Value Chain
Partners
The Company receives
feedback on various
aspects from its value
chain partners through
periodic conferences and
other events
Nil
Nil
NA
Nil
Nil
NA
Others
(Includes
Anonymous)
No
16 cases have
been closed
and has been
appropriately
addressed as
per Company
Policy.
For pending 5
cases, 4 have
been closed as
on the date of
this report.
All pending
complaints of
FY24 have been
closed in FY25.

* FY 2023-24 figures have been restated to exclude feedback/suggestions.
26. Overview of the entity s material responsible business conduct issues:

Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental
and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same,
approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format

Please refer to Material topics under Value Creation Approach section of the Annual Integrated Report FY 2024-25 on page 94.
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the
NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
P1 - Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is ethical, transparent and accountable
P2 - Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
P3 - Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
P4 - Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
P5 - Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6 - Businesses should respect and make efforts to restore and protect the environment
P7 - Businesses when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible
and transparent
P8 - Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
P9 - Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Disclosure Question
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Policy and management processes
1. a. Whether your entity s policy/policies
cover each principle and its core
elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
Yes

b. Has the policy been approved by the
Board? (Yes/No)
The policies have been approved by the Board and/or the MD & CEO of the Company.

c. Web Link of the Policies, if available
P1: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/MSIL_Code_
of_Conduct.pdf
P2: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/MSIL_Green_
Procurement_Guidelines.pdf
P3: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/OH&S_Policy.
pdf.pdf

https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/Equal_
Opportunity_Policy_for_Person_with_Disabilities.pdf
P4: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/MSIL-CSR_
Policy.pdf
P5: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/OH&S_Policy.
pdf.pdf

https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/MSIL_Code_
of_Conduct.pdf
P6: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/
Environmental-Energy-Policy-English.pdf
P8: https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/MSIL-CSR_
Policy.pdf
P9: https://www.marutisuzuki.com/data-provider-consent-policy

https://www.marutisuzuki.com/marutisuzukirewards/privacypolicy
2. Whether the entity has translated the
policy into procedures. (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
NA
Yes
Yes
3. Do the enlisted policies extend to your
value chain partners? (Yes/No)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
NA
Yes
Yes
4. Name of the national and international
codes/certifications/labels/ standards
(e.g., Forest Stewardship Council,
Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Trustee)
standards (e.g., SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO,
BIS) adopted by your entity and mapped
to each principle
The policies conform to standards such as ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO
45001:2018, ISO 27001:2022, UNGC Guidelines, ILO Principles, GRI standards and
National Guideline for Responsible Business Conduct among others.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Disclosure Question
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
5. Specific commitments, goals and targets
set by the entity with defined timelines, if
any
MSIL is committed to support India s ambition of Net Zero by 2070. To achieve this
goal, the company has taken short, medium and long-term targets across various
functions which are mentioned below:
A. Design for recycling

1. Ensure a minimum of 85% recyclability and 95% recoverability of materials
used in vehicles manufactured by the company.
B. Target for reducing carbon footprint in products:

2. Achieve the following powertrain mix for Passenger Vehicle sales in India
by FY 2030-31 (percentage indicates share of each category in total
passenger vehicle sales):

BEVs - 15%;

Hybrid Vehicles - 25%;

CNG/CBG Vehicles - 35%; and

Flex Fuel/Fuel-Efficient ICE Vehicles - 25%
C. Target for reducing carbon footprint in manufacturing processes:

3. Increase solar power generation capacity to 319 MWp by FY 2030-31,
thereby increasing the share of renewable electricity in total consumption
from 16% in FY 2024-25 to approx. 85% by FY 2030-31.

4. Promote the use of CBG as a process fuel in manufacturing operations.
D. Target for reducing carbon footprint in logistics operations:

5. Increase the share of vehicle dispatches via rail from the current 24% to
35% by FY 2030-31, leveraging in-plant railway sidings at Gujarat and
Haryana facilities.
E. Other Targets

6. Achieve a minimum of 20% representation of women among total new hires
in FY 2025-26 for regular employees.

7. Promote circular economy

a. Minimising waste generation and maximising waste recycling

b. Optimising water recycling efficiency and ensuring zero liquid discharge

8. Continuously optimize and reduce the use of packaging material and
eliminate the use of Single Use Plastics .

9. Strive to exceed customer expectations by delivering products that embody
world-class quality, outstanding safety standards, and an exceptional
ownership experience.

10. Aim to achieve Zero Incidents amongst employees across all operations

11. Elimination of Ozone Depleting Substances at the manufacturing facilities
by 2025.
6. Performance of the entity against the
specific commitments, goals, and targets
along-with reasons in case the same are
not met.
The Company continuously monitors its progress against established commitments,
goals, and targets. In cases where performance falls short, IT undertakes root-cause
analysis and implements corrective actions to realign outcomes. Performance
against each of the targets mentioned above under point 5 has been detailed here:
A. Performance against design for recycling:

1. Achieved an average recyclability of 92% and recoverability of 98%,
exceeding the target of a minimum 85% recyclability and 95% recoverability
for materials used in vehicles.
B. Performance against the target for reducing carbon footprint in products:

2. The Company s average fleet carbon emissions remain significantly below
the industry average. Furthermore, IT has consistently outperformed its
Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) targets both during Phase 1
(2017-18 to 2021-22) and in the ongoing Phase 2 (since 2022-23).
Disclosure Question
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
C. Performance against the target for reducing carbon footprint in
manufacturing processes:

3. The Company is accelerating its transition to solar energy and has
successfully achieved the solar power generation capacity target of
78.2 MWp - originally set for FY 2025-26 - one year ahead of schedule, in
FY 2024-25. This reflects strong progress toward the long-term renewable
energy goals.

4. The Company currently operates a Compressed Biogas (CBG) plant
at its Manesar facility with an output of 0.2 TPD. To further scale CBG
use in manufacturing processes, a higher-capacity CBG plant is under
construction at its Kharkhoda facility.
D. Other Targets

5. Promoting Circular Economy

a. In alignment with its circular economy goals, the company achieved a
4.6% reduction in waste generation intensity compared to FY 2023-24.
Additionally, 100% of non-hazardous waste was recycled, and 100% of
hazardous waste was either recycled or co-processed, ensuring zero
waste to landfill.

b. Nearly two-thirds of the Company s total water requirement is
met through recycled water. There is zero use of groundwater for
manufacturing operations, and the Company continues to maintain zero
liquid discharge across its facilities.

6. 32% reduction in packaging material in the 4th Generation Dzire compared
to its predecessor.

7. Dzire has achieved 5-star safety rating under the Bharat New Car
Assessment Program (BNCAP) and Baleno has achieved 4-star safety
rating under BNCAP (for Adult Occupant Protection)

8. 66% reduction in the number of vehicles recalled compared to FY 2023-24,
indicating significant improvement in product quality and reliability.

9. Women hires represented over 13% of total new hires for regular employees
in FY 2024-25.
Governance, Leadership, and Oversight
7.
Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges,
targets, and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure):

Please refer to Message from the Managing Director and CEO section of the Annual Integrated Report FY 2024-25 on page 44.
8.
Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility
policy (ies):

Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, Managing Director and CEO (DIN: 07806180)
9.
Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on
sustainability related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide details:

The Company has constituted a Board-level Sustainability Committee responsible for oversight of the Company s sustainability-
related matters.

In addition, other Board Committees play a supportive role within their defined areas: the Audit Committee reviews the
functioning of the whistle-blower mechanism and fraud prevention measures; the CSR Committee ensures effective
implementation of community development projects; and the Risk Management Committee oversees the formulation and
implementation of the Risk Management Policy, which includes ESG-related risks. The Company also has an Executive
Director overseeing the Sustainability function, Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku (DIN: 08619076).
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Composition of Sustainability Committee
Name
Category
Designation
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
Non-Executive Director
Chairman
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Executive Director
Member
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Executive Director
Member
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent Director
Member
Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent Director
Member
Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent Director
Member
Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent Director
Member
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review
Indicate whether review was undertaken by
Director/ Committee of the Board/ Any other
Committee
Frequency
(Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other -
please specify)
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Performance against above policies
and follow up action.
Yes, the Company s overall performance, including sustainability areas, is communicated
to the Directors/ Management periodically through monthly Business Review Meetings.
Compliance with statutory
requirements of relevance to the
principles, and rectification of any
non-compliances
Yes, the Company complies with the applicable statutory requirements.
11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency:
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
Yes, the Company periodically onboards independent third-party agencies to assure, assess or verify the effectiveness of its
policies and procedures. Financial statements of the company have been assured by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP whereas some
of the key non-financial disclosures have been independently verified by Bureau Veritas (India) Private Limited. The Company
further periodically engages agencies to verify the working of its Quality Management System, Environment Management
System, Occupational Health & Safety Management System, Information Security Management System etc.
12. If answer to question (1) above is No i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions
P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
The entity does not consider the principles material
to its business (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
No
NA
NA
The entity is not at a stage where IT is in a position
to formulate and implement the policies on
specified principles (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
No
NA
NA
The entity does not have the financial or/human and
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
No
NA
NA
IT is planned to be done in the next financial year
(Yes/No)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Yes
NA
NA
Any other reason (please specify)
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1
Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent, and Accountable.
Essential Indicators
1.
Percentage coverage by training and awareness programs on any of the principles during the financial year:
Segment
Total number
of training and
awareness
programs held
Topics/principles covered under the training and its
impact
Percentage of persons in
respective category covered
by the awareness programs
Board of Directors

ESG Issues

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (COBCE)

Information Security/ Cyber Security
100%
Key
Managerial Personnel

ESG Issues

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (COBCE)

POSH

Health & Wellness

Related Party Transactions
100%
Employees other than
BOD and KMPs*
4,298
1) Functional, 2) Technical, 3) Behavioural, 4) Safety,
5). Induction Training, 6) Compliance - POSH and
COBCE training 7) LXP 8) Higher Education
99.50%
Workers*
1,341
95.59%

*The trainings have been provided to all the permanent and non-permanent employees and workers of MSIL.
2.
Details of fines/ penalties/ punishment /award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by
the entity or by directors/KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial
year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on
the entity s website):
Monetary
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions
Amount
(In K)
Brief of the Case
Has an appeal
been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine
-
Nil
Settlement
-
Nil
Compounding Fee
-
Nil
Non-monetary
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions
Brief of the Case
Has an appeal
been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Imprisonment
Nil
Punishment
Nil

* There are no fines/ penalties/ punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the Company or by
directors/KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions in the financial year which are material as specified in
Regulation 30(4)((i)(c) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 ( LODR ). Please refer to Company s filings
with regard to the disclosures made to the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 30 of LODR.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

3.
Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where
monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed:
Case Details
Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
NA
NA
4.
Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,
provide a web-link to the policy:

Yes, the Company has in place a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (COBCE) which states Company s commitment
against bribery and corruption. The Code is available at the Company s intranet. The Company also has a Corporate Gifting
Policy and Code of Business Conduct for Senior Management which covers aspects of anti-corruption or anti-bribery.

https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/MSIL_Code_of_Conduct.pdf

https://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/Corporate-Gifting-Policy.pdf
5.
Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law
enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Directors
KMPs
Employees
Workers
6.
Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number
Remarks
Number
Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues
of Conflict of Interest of the Directors
-
Number of complaints received in relation to issues
of Conflict of Interest of the KMPs
-
7.
Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/ penalties/ action taken by
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest:

Not applicable as there were no instances of fines/penalties/action taken by regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial
institutions on cases of corruption and conflict of interest during the financial year.
8.
Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365)/ Cost of goods/ services procured) in the
following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Number of days of accounts payables
9.
Open-ness of business

Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans
and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter
Metrics
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Concentration of purchases
a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases
1.18%
1.88%
b. Number of trading houses where purchases are
made from
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total
purchases from trading houses
97.86%
86.94%
Concentration of sales*
a. Sales to dealers/ distributors as % of total sales
75.46%
85.81%
b. No. of dealers/ distributors to whom sales are made**
c. Sales to top 10 dealers/ distributors as % of total sales
to dealers/ distributors
18.51%
18.58%
Share of RPTs in
a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties/Total
purchases)
45.67%#
47.46%
b. Sales (Sales to related parties/Total sales)
12.19%
9.15%
c. Loans and advances (Loans and advances given to
related parties/Total loans and advances)
0%
d. Investments (Investments in related parties/Total
investments made)
17.87%
19.41%

* Sales to Suzuki Motors Corporation (SMC), fellow subsidiaries of Suzuki Motor Corporation, and Toyota Kirloskar Motors (TKM) are not
considered as a part of the sales to dealers & distributors.

** Number of Indian dealers/distributors having a unique PAN have been considered.

# Of the total purchases with related parties, nearly 73.5% is from Suzuki Motors Gujarat (SMG) private Limited, which is a wholly owned
subsidiary of MSIL.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Awareness programs conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total number of
awareness programs
held
Topics/principles covered under the training
Percentage of value chain partners
covered (by value of business done
with such partners) under the
awareness programs
17,178
MSIL and/or Maruti Suzuki Centre for Excellence (MACE) conducted
suppliers/dealers training covering following topics among others:
1. BRSR Awareness
2. Fire Safety & Prevention
3. Plastic Waste Management
4. Cyber Security
5. Carbon Neutrality
6. POSH
7. Process Improvement, Value Analysis Value Engineering, etc.
100%*

* Training and awareness programs on all the Principles were conducted for relevant personnels across all Tier-1 suppliers and dealers
during the financial year, ensuring comprehensive cumulative coverage.
2.
Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board?
(Yes/No) If Yes, provide details of the same:

Yes. The Company has established clear processes to avoid and manage conflicts of interest involving Board members. As
outlined in the Code of Conduct for Business Ethics, Board members and senior management are required to disclose any
personal or financial interests, seek prior approval from the Audit Committee for related-party transactions to ensure that
any potential conflicts are promptly identified and appropriately addressed.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

PRINCIPLE 2
Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe.
Essential Indicators
1.
Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the
entity, respectively:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Details of improvement in environmental and social
impacts
Investments in environment/
social improvements (In
Million): 20,004
Total Investments
(In Million): 83,686
Percentage: 23.90%
Total investment in environment/social
improvements (In Million): 2,729
Total investment (In Million): 68,448
Percentage: 3.99%

In-plant Railway siding

Investments in New powertrain

Expansion of installed renewable energy capacity

Digital initiatives for Process Optimisation and
energy efficiency improvement.
Implementation of Zero Liquid Discharge
(ZLD) system
Initiatives towards optimising product safety
& quality.
Business Continuity
2.
Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)

Yes

If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?

Yes, the Company has established procedures and policies for sustainable sourcing. These are guided by its Basic
Purchase Agreements, which incorporate comprehensive environmental, social, and governance (ESG) aspects.
Additionally, MSIL has implemented exclusive Green Procurement Guidelines that are mandatory for all Tier 1 suppliers.
As a result, 100% of the Company s Tier 1 suppliers operate in full compliance with these guidelines, ensuring that
sourcing practices are aligned with the Company s broader sustainability objectives.
3.
Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end
of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste:

As part of its commitment to responsible end-of-life vehicle (ELV) management and circular economy, Maruti Suzuki India
Limited (MSIL), in collaboration with Toyota Tsusho Group, has established a joint venture - Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India
Private Limited (MSTI). This facility, located in Noida, Uttar Pradesh, is a state-of-the-art ELV dismantling and recycling unit
focused on safe, sustainable, and environmentally sound processing of vehicles at the end of their life. The initiative ensures
structured dismantling, material recovery, and safe disposal in line with regulatory standards and global best practices.

MSTI follows specific processes for the handling of different waste streams generated during ELV management, as
outlined below:

Plastics (including packaging):

Plastic components recovered during ELV dismantling are segregated and sent to Pollution Control Board-authorised
recyclers for further processing. These plastics are typically converted into granules for reuse in non-critical applications.
Additionally, MSIL complies with the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016, and Extended Producer Responsibility
(EPR) for packaging plastics. Plastic packaging waste generated from spare parts and service operations is handled
by authorised waste partners.

(b) E-waste:

Electronic components such as sensors and control modules extracted from ELVs are treated as per the E-Waste
(Management) Rules, 2022. These are collected and transferred to certified e-waste recyclers for safe processing and,
where applicable, material recovery. All handling is carried out in a compliant and environmentally secure manner.

Hazardous waste

Hazardous materials, including used oil, coolants, automotive fluids, and refrigerants, are carefully drained and stored
following prescribed safety protocols before dismantling. These are then handed over to authorised recyclers/ handlers
in compliance with the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016. MSIL
prioritizes minimising environmental risks by adhering strictly to national guidelines and industry best practices.

(d) Other waste:

Ferrous and non-ferrous metals recovered from ELVs are directed to registered recyclers for material recovery. All
dismantling and material recovery operations are conducted at MSTI s dedicated facility to ensure safety, compliance,
and maximum resource efficiency.
4.
Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity s activities (Yes/No). If yes, whether
the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution
Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same:

Yes, EPR is applicable. The Company s waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan
submitted to Pollution Control Boards.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective/Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing
industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format:
NIC Code
Name of Product/
Service
% of total turnover
contributed
Boundary for which the
Life Cycle Perspective/
Assessment was
conducted
independent external
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated
in public domain (Yes/
No) If yes, provide the
web link
No, but the Company is currently in the process of conducting Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) for its products.
2.
If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal
of your products/services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective/Assessments (LCA) or through any other
means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same:
Name of Product/Service
Description of the risk/concern
Action Taken
NA
3.
Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for
manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Indicate input material
Recycled or re-used input material to
total material*
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Aluminium
68.73%
65.88%**
Steel
16.32%
18.62%**

*Based on MSIL s estimation related to material scrap and reusability; ** Restated
4.
Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled,
and safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Re-Used
Recycled
Safely
Disposed
Re-Used
Recycled
Safely
Disposed
Plastics (including packaging)
1,823
2,974
E-waste
Hazardous waste
Other waste

Note: The Company through Joint venture has established Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India Private Limited (MSTI), which is ELV dismantling and
recycling facility. Through MSTI, the Company could enable reclaiming 3,063.25 MT of steel in FY 2024-25 as compared to 1,681.58 MT in
FY 2023-24; 248.76 MT of aluminium in FY 2024-25 as compared to 180.91 MT in FY 2023-24; and 36.73 MT of E-waste in FY 2024-25 as
compared to 22.34 MT in FY 2023-24, among others.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

5.
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category:
Indicate Product Category
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products sold in respective
category
1.
Plastic Packaging
The Company recycled 1,823 MT of packaging plastic as part of its EPR Compliance under
the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016.
PRINCIPLE 3
Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains.
Essential Indicators
1.
Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category
Percentage of employees covered by
Total
(A)
Health
Insurance
Accident
Insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity
Benefits
Day-care
Facilities
Number
(B)
%
(B/A)
Number
(C)
%
(C/A)
Number
(D)
%
(D/A)
Number
(E)
%
(E/A)
Number
(F)
%
(F/A)
Permanent employees
Male
13,279
100%
13,279
100%
0%
13,279
100%
0%
Female
1,001
100%
1,001
100%
1,001
100%
0%
1,001
100%
Total
14,280
100%
14,280
100%
1,001
7.01%
13,279 92.99%
1,001
7.01%
Other than Permanent employees
Male
1,540
100%
1,540
100%
0%
Female
100%
0%
Total
1,621
100%
1,621
100%
5.00%
0%

Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category
% of workers covered by
Total
(A)
Health
Insurance
Accident
Insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity
Benefits
Day-care
Facilities
Number
(B)
%
(B/A)
Number
(C)
%
(C/A)
Number
(D)
%
(D/A)
Number
(E)
%
(E/A)
Number
(F)
%
(F/A)
Permanent workers
Male
5,679
100%
5,679
100%
0%
5,679
100%
0%
Female
100%
0%
100%
Total
5,686
100%
5,686
100%
0.12%
5,679 99.88%
0.12%
Other than Permanent workers
Male
24,309
100%
24,309
100%
0%
Female
100%
0%
Total
24,358
100%
24,358
100%
0.20%
0%

Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the company
0.37%
0.32%*

*Restated
2.
Details of retirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
No. of
covered as
a % of total
No. of workers
covered as a %
of total workers
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of
covered as
a % of total
No. of Workers
covered as a
percentage of
total workers
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF
100%
Y
100%
Y
Gratuity
100%
Y
100%
Y
ESI
100%
N.A*
100%
Y
Others - please specify
Superannuation
fund - 99.55%
National
Pension
Scheme
(Voluntary) -
24.56%
Superannuation
fund - 98.08%
National
Pension
Scheme
(Voluntary) -
50%
Y
NA
NA
NA

* MSIL is registered on the ESI portal, however in FY 2024-25 all employees and workers earn above the monthly gross-wage threshold of
H21,000 and therefore none qualify for ESI coverage.
3.
Accessibility of workplaces: Are the premises/offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and
workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps
are being taken by the entity in this regard:

Yes, the Company is constantly taking initiatives to enhance accessibility in both existing and new infrastructures to support
differently-abled employees and workers. New plants and renovated buildings have lifts and/or ramps for ease of movement of
differently abled employees. Few trainings initiatives and awareness sessions have been conducted like Sign language classes,
sensitisation sessions on topics like stereotyping, managing micro aggression, ally ship to foster inclusivity and adaptability.
4.
Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so,
provide a web-link to the policy:

Yes, the Company has in place a standalone Equal Opportunity Policy for Persons with Disabilities.

http://marutistoragenew.blob.core.windows.net/msilintiwebpdf/Equal_Opportunity_Policy_for_Person_with_Disabilities.pdf
5.
Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave:
Gender
Permanent Employees
Permanent Workers
Return to work
rate
Retention rate
Return to work
rate
Retention rate
Male
100%
Female
100%
95%
100%*
Total
100%

* In FY 2023-24 & FY 2024-25, none of the permanent female workers took maternity leave; consequently, both the return-to-work and
retention rates are 100%.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

6.
Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and
worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief
Category
Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers
Yes

A Whistle-Blower Policy is in place to enable employees to report malpractices,
unethical behaviour, or violations of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics (COBCE) in a confidential and secure manner.

A. POSH Committee (Internal Committee under the Prevention of Sexual Harassment
Act) addresses complaints related to sexual harassment, ensuring time-bound
investigation and resolution.

Regular Workers Representatives Meetings are held with the Managing Director,
Executive Officers, and Plant Heads to provide a direct channel for feedback and
grievance resolution.

Dedicated grievance redressal platforms such as Samadhan, Samwad, and Samanvay
serve as structured forums to raise and address workplace issues effectively.
Other than
Permanent Workers
Yes
Permanent Employees
Yes
Other than
Permanent Employees
Yes
7.
Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total
employees /
category (A)
No. of
employees/
category, who
are part of
association(s)
or Union (B)
% (B/A)
Total
employees /
category (C)
No. of
employees/
category, who
are part of
association(s)
or Union (D)
% (D/C)
Total Permanent Employees
14,280
0%
12,515
0%
Male
13,279
0%
11,773
0%
Female
1,001
0%
Total Permanent Workers
5,686
5,552
97.64%
5,713
5,554
97.22%
Male
5,679
5,545
97.64%
5,703
5,544
97.21%
Female
100%
8.
Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category*
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total
(A)
On Health and safety
measures
On Skill upgradation
Total
(D)
On Health and safety
measures
On Skill upgradation
No.(B)
% (B/A)
No.(C)
% (C/A)
No.(E)
% (E/D)
No.(F)
% (F/D)
Employees
Male
14,819
13,857
93.51%
14,364
96.93%
13,218
12,126
91.74%
12,072
91.33%
Female
1,082
83.92%
1,031
95.29%
90.02%
88.93%
Total
15,901
14,765
92.86%
15,395
96.82%
14,040
12,866
91.64%
12,803
91.19%
Workers
Male
29,988
28,680
95.64%
28,683
95.65%
25,933
23,591
90.97%
23,584
90.94%
Female
69.64%
80.65%
Total
30,044
28,719
95.59%
28,722
95.60%
25,964
23,616
90.96%
23,609
90.93%

* The trainings have been provided to all the permanent and non-permanent employees and workers of MSIL.
9.
Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total (A)
No.(B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No.(D)
% (D/C)
Employees*
Male
13,279
100%
11,773
100%
Female
1,001
100%
Total
14,280
100%
12,515
100%
Workers*
Male
5,679
100%
5,703
100%
Female
100%
Total
5,686
100%
5,713
100%

*For right representation, all eligible employees and workers are considered in the table above.
10. Health and safety management system:

Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity?
(Yes/ No). If yes, the coverage such system:

Yes. The Company has established a robust Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS) aligned
with ISO 45001:2018 standards across its operations. This system is actively implemented at the manufacturing facilities
in Gurugram and Manesar, the R&D centre in Rohtak (Haryana), the Head Office in New Delhi, as well as all Zonal and
Regional Offices, Stockyards, Port Facilities, Transit Vehicle Parks, and Regional Parts Distribution Centres. Notably, the
Gurugram and Manesar plants, Rohtak R&D centre, and New Delhi Head Office are ISO 45001:2018 certified, reflecting
the Company s strong commitment to employee health and safety.

What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and
non routine basis by the entity?

The Company employs a rigorous Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA) framework that conforms to ISO
45001:2018 and all relevant legal standards. For every routine process, the company systematically identify hazards,
evaluate associated risks, and define appropriate controls using standardised HIRA sheets. Non-routine tasks are
managed through a work-permit system and Kiken Yochi (KY)( Hazard Prediction ) procedure, which prescribes hazard
analysis and mitigation measures before work begins. To further bolster safety, the company has enhanced its online
permit system and introduced daily KY assessments for all such activities. In addition, internal auditors conduct annual
ISO 45001:2018 and IS 14489:2018 audits, and dedicated safety professionals perform daily safety inspections to
continuously identify and address workplace hazards.

Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves
from such risks (Y/N)?

Yes. The Company s ISO 45001-aligned Incident Reporting Procedure empowers every worker to:
Report work-related hazards, near-misses and incidents via standardised flash reports
Cease unsafe work through the KY ( Hazard Prediction ) work-permit system before tasks commence.

Do the employees/ workers of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services
(Yes/ No)?

Yes, the employees/workers have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services. All manufacturing and
R&D facilities of the Company have Occupational Health Centers; wherein OPD facilities for general health issues are also
available. Additionally, the Company provide its employees with health care services PAN India by directly empanelling
reputed hospitals for all health related issues and annual health check-ups. To further enhance accessibility, employees
and their families have access to a digital healthcare platform that enables on-demand teleconsultations with doctors
and diagnostic services across India.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-person
hours worked) *
Employees
0.014
Workers
0.016
Total recordable work-related injuries
Employees
Workers
No. of fatalities
Employees
Workers
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding
fatalities)
Employees
Workers

*Injuries that resulted in lost time of more than 48 hours as defined in IS 3786 standards.
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.

The Company has undertaken a range of measures across multiple focus areas to ensure a safe and healthy workplace, as
outlined below.

Occupational Health & Safety Management
Adoption of Occupational Health & Safety Management System (OHSMS) and implementation of procedures in line
with the ISO 45001:2018
Development & Review of Safety Manuals to define Procedures, Guidelines and Rules.
Work Permit System
Deployment of Safety Ambassadors in various departments

Training and Awareness
Safety trainings provided to workforce on topics such as usage of Fire Extinguishers, First Aid and Material Equipment
Handling (MHE)
Safety awareness activities undertaken such as safety poster, safety quiz, safety month, safety competitions etc.
Mock drills
Customised safety training programs on incident investigation have been implemented to strengthen root cause
analysis and drive effective corrective actions.
Organise safety coordinator development program such as competency building & skill development for
safety coordinators.
Digitisation in imparting trainings and awareness

III. Safety Improvement Actions
Detailed analysis of safety incidents to prevent recurrence and horizontal deployment
Regular safety audits by internal safety teams and by external agencies
Countermeasures for near miss cases
Rectification of identified safety risks during safety audits

IV. Technology Driven Safety Measures
Employees transport buses are integrated with ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems) and DMS (Driver
Monitoring System) devices which analyse driver s behaviour and send instant alerts during abnormal situation.
Mobile app (Mobijoy Anzen) has been developed to inculcate safe driving behaviour amongst employees.
Introduction of RFID based I-Card at Rohtak R&D Centre & Tag Avenue for seamless and complete safe evacuation
of employees in emergency situations. This initiative is being extended to other operations as well.
AI enabled kiosk installed within the Company to encourage employees to follow principles of road safety.
The Vendor Truck Management System has been implemented to ensure that only trucks complying with defined safety
standards are permitted entry, thereby enabling a secure and well-regulated traffic flow within the plant premises.

Adoption of Global best practices on Risk Management (GRM) on Fire Safety:

Suzuki Motor Corporation has collaborated with Insurance partner (Tokio Marine group) to develop a resilient system
to prevents fires and to recover quickly if a fire does occur. These measures aim to prevent the occurrence and spread
of fire, while also enhancing emergency response capabilities to minimise risk to human life and property.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Filed during
Pending
at the end of
Remarks
Filed during
Pending
at the end of
Remarks
Working Conditions
-
Health & Safety
-
14. Assessments for the year:
Percentage of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or
third parties)*
Health and safety practices
100%
Working Conditions
100%

*Factory locations including Head Office.
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on
significant risks/concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.

To address safety-related incidents and mitigate significant risks identified through health and safety assessments, the
Company has undertaken the following corrective actions and preventive measures:

Safety Management Systems
Development and implementation of HIRA (Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment) procedure across
Development of Management of Change procedure
Revamped Work Permit Systems and its compliance

Safety Improvement Activities
Safety rules defined for various activities, safety alerts, visual displays, stickers
Suggestion and feedback process implemented

III. Regular Monitoring
Independent third-party safety audits of all plant locations
Check sheet predefined before the initiation of the audit

IV. Digitalization Initiatives
Use of digital technology for monitoring of audit findings, incident countermeasures etc.
QR code-based access to safety rules and awareness programs for employees and their family members
Leadership Indicators
1.
Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of:

Employees - Yes

Workers - Yes
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

2.
Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and
deposited by the value chain partners.

Under its comprehensive supplier excellence programme, the Company conducts periodic verification in which IT specifically
assesses suppliers adherence to Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, and gratuity regulations. Besides, the
Company requires all its contractors to submit a monthly compliance certificate.
3.
Provide the number of employees/workers having suffered high consequence work related injury/ ill-health/
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected employees/
workers
No. of employees/workers that are
rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family
members have been placed in suitable
employment
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Employees
Workers
4.
Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the
management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)

Yes, for providing transition assistance and to facilitate continued employability, the Company has a robust upskilling
programme across all category of its employees. The company also conducts Superannuation Planning Workshop to prepare
employees mentally, physically, financially, and emotionally towards acceptance of superannuation and to develop a positive
and optimistic attitude towards the same. Few of the superannuating employees are re-engaged with the Company based
on the skill sets and requirements.

Additionally, MSIL has established a superannuation fund to provide benefits after employment, which has received recognition
from the tax authorities. The administration of this fund is managed by a trust that the Company has established. The Company
also provides a Post-Retirement Medical Policy to facilitate medical assistance to employees after retirement.
5.
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices
95% of the domestic Original Equipment (OE) suppliers by value have been assessed and
awarded ISO 45001:2018 certification by relevant auditors.
Working Conditions
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.

The Company has mechanism in place to assess and monitor the safety performance of component suppliers. The Company
requires its suppliers to implement time-bound corrective actions in response to the assessment recommendations. Besides,
the Company also provides awareness sessions and shares best practices with the suppliers to continuously improve
occupational health and safety systems
PRINCIPLE 4
Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders.
Essential Indicators
1.
Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

The process for identifying the stakeholders has been detailed on page 90 under the Stakeholder Engagement section of
the Annual Integrated Report for FY 2024-25. However, the Company considers the following groups as its key stakeholders:
Stakeholders who are dependent on the Company s activities, products or services and on whom the Company is
dependent for its operations
Stakeholders towards whom the Company has legal, commercial and moral responsibilities
Stakeholders who can impact the Company s decision-making ability
2.
List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder
group.
Stakeholder group
Whether identified
as Vulnerable &
Marginalised Group
(Yes/No)
Channels of communication
(Email, SMS, Newspaper,
Pamphlets, Advertisement,
Community Meetings, Notice
Board, Website), Other
Frequency of
Engagement
(Annually/ Half yearly/
Quarterly/others -
please specify)
Purpose and scope of
engagement including
key topics and concerns
raised during such
engagement
Leadership Indicators
1.
Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and
social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.

2.
Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and
social topics (Yes/No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on
these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.

Please refer to Material Topics section of the Annual Integrated Report FY 2024-25 on page 94.
3.
Provide details of instances of engagement with and actions taken to address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalised groups.

PRINCIPLE 5
Businesses should respect and promote human rights.
Essential Indicators
1.
Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in
the following format:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total (A)
No. of
Employees/
Workers
covered (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
No. of
Employees/
Workers
covered (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent
14,280
14,133
98.97%
12,515
12,449
99.47%
Other than Permanent
1,621
45.65%
1,525
21.05%
Total
15,901
14,873
93.53%
14,040
12,770
90.95%
Workers
Permanent
5,686
5,267
92.63%
5,713
5,688
99.56%
Other than Permanent
24,358
22,127
90.84%
20,251
16,481
81.38%
Total
30,044
27,394
91.18%
25,964
22,169
85.38%
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

2.
Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total
(A)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
Total (D)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
No.(B)
% (B/A)
No.(C)
% (C/A)
No.(E)
% (E/D)
No.(F)
% (F/D)
Permanent Employees
14,280
0%
14,280
100%
12,515
0%
12,515
100%
Male
13,279
0%
13,279
100%
11,773
0%
11,773
100%
Female
1,001
0%
1,001
100%
0%
100%
Other than Permanent
Employees
1,621
0%
1,621
100%
1,525
0%
1,525
100%
Male
1,540
0%
1,540
100%
1,445
0%
1,445
100%
Female
0%
100%
0%
100%
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total
(A)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
Total
(D)
Equal to Minimum
Wage
More than
Minimum Wage
No.(B)
% (B/A)
No.(C)
% (C/A)
No.(E)
% (E/D)
No.(F)
% (F/D)
Permanent Workers
5,686
0%
5,686
100%
5,713
0%
5,713
100%
Male
5,679
0%
5,679
100%
5,703
0%
5,703
100%
Female
0%
100%
0%
100%
Other than Permanent
Workers
24,358
0%
24,358
100%
20,251
0%
20,251
100%
Male
24,309
0%
24,309
100%
20,230
0%
20,230
100%
Female
0%
100%
0%
100%
3.
Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
Male
Female
Number
Median
remuneration/
salary/ wages of
respective category
Number
Median
remuneration/
salary/ wages of
respective category
Board of Directors (BoD)*
13,400,000
5,850,000
Key Managerial Personnel**
49,484,827
Employees other
than BoD and KMP***
13,276
1,922,248
1,001
1,370,000
Workers***
5,679
1,682,787
2,057,266

* BoD composition as on 31st March 2025.

**Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi, MD and CEO, is a part of both the Board of Directors and the Key Management Personnel.

***For Permanent employees and workers.

Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages
4.07%
3.29%
4.
Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)

Yes. The Company has designated committees to address human rights impacts and related issues. An Internal Committee
under the PoSH Act, 2013, addresses sexual harassment complaints; a Complaints Committee handles violations of the
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (COBCE); and a Whistle-Blower Committee oversees reports related to human rights
breaches. Additionally, health and safety concerns are managed through divisional, vertical, and central safety committees,
ensuring a comprehensive and accountable governance structure for human rights matters.
5.
Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

The Company has established internal mechanisms to address human rights-related grievances through multiple channels.
These include a Whistle-Blower Policy for confidential reporting of malpractices and violations of the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics (COBCE), and a POSH Committee to address complaints of sexual harassment in a time-bound manner.
Regular Workers Representatives Meetings with senior leadership and structured platforms like Samadhan, Samwad, and
Samanvay further facilitate effective grievance redressal. Together, these mechanisms ensure timely, confidential, and fair
resolution of concerns, reinforcing the Company s commitment to a safe, inclusive, and rights-respecting workplace.
6.
Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Filed during
Pending
Remarks
Sexual Harassment
Three cases were
reported, which
were enquired into
and appropriate
action was
undertaken by the
Company.
All 4 cases of
FY 2023-24 were
resolved within
FY 2023- 24 itself.
Discrimination
at workplace
-
1 One complaint that
was pending for
redressal at the
end of FY 2023
24, was adequately
addressed in
Child Labour
-
Forced Labour/
Involuntary
Labour
-
Wages
-
Other human rights
related issues
-
7.
Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013, in the following format:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers
0.30%
0.54%*
Complaints on POSH upheld

*Restated
8.
Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

The Company has established mechanisms to prevent any adverse consequences to complainants in cases of discrimination
and harassment. IT maintains a gender-neutral Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Policy and a Whistle-Blower Policy,
both of which include stringent provisions to protect the identity of the complainant and safeguard against retaliation. These
policies comply with applicable legal requirements and ensure that all bona fide complaints are handled with the highest
level of confidentiality and integrity. The Company adopts a zero-tolerance approach to any form of victimisation or breach
of complainant privacy, thereby fostering a safe, inclusive, and harassment-free work environment.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

9.
Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Yes. The Company integrates human rights clauses into its Basic Purchase Agreements, requiring suppliers to:
Comply with all child-labour laws
Prohibit forced or involuntary labour
Maintain safe working conditions and occupational health standards
Respect freedom of association, including trade-union rights
Prevent discrimination of any kind (e.g., race, descent, disability, age, sex, religion)
Adhere to minimum-wage legislation
10. Assessments for the year:
Percentage of your plants and offices that were assessed (By entity or statutory authorities or
third parties)
Child Labour
100%*
Forced/involuntary labour
Sexual harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Wages
Others - please specify

*Factory locations including Head Office.
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 10 above.

Not applicable as there were no significant risks/concerns identified while undertaking the assessment of plants & offices.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Details of a business process being modified/introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/
complaints.

There were no modifications required in business processes, as the nature of human rights complaints did not warrant any
structural changes. However, the Company remains committed to upholding the highest standards of human rights across all
its operations. IT has adopted a standalone Human Rights Policy that outlines its approach to managing various human rights
aspects. To reinforce this commitment, the Company conducts regular training programs to raise employee awareness on the
Code of Conduct, Prevention of Sexual Harassment (PoSH), thereby fostering a respectful and inclusive workplace culture.
2.
Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.

During the financial year, the Company assessed 71% of its Tier-1 domestic Original Equipment(OE) Component suppliers (by
value) on their human rights systems, processes, and practices, ensuring broader alignment with its commitment to ethical
and responsible business conduct.
3.
Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights
of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

The Company is constantly taking initiatives to enhance accessibility in both existing and new infrastructures to support
differently-abled employees and workers. New plants and renovated buildings have lifts and/or ramps for ease of movement
of differently abled employees and visitors. Few trainings initiatives and awareness sessions have been conducted like Sign
language classes, sensitisation sessions on topics like stereotyping, managing micro aggression, allyship to foster inclusivity
and adaptability.
4.
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were
assessed
Sexual Harassment
71%*
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others-please specify

* The Company has assessed 71% of its Tier-1 domestic Original Equipment (OE) Component suppliers (by value) basis the HR Audit on their
human rights systems, processes, and practices.
5.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 4 above.

The Company is actively driving continuous improvements across its value chain partners by implementing corrective actions
based on recommendations provided by assessors.
PRINCIPLE 6
Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment.
Essential Indicators
1.
Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
From renewable sources (in GJ)
Total electricity consumption (A)
354,755
308,525
Total fuel consumption (B)
2,096
Energy consumption through other sources (C)
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B +C)
356,851
308,954
From non-renewable sources (in GJ)
Total electricity consumption (D)
1,066,664
1,015,979
Total fuel consumption (E )
3,987,464
3,761,887
Energy consumption through other sources (F)
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F)
5,054,127
4,777,866
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
5,410,978
5,086,820
Percentage of energy consumed from renewable sources (%)
6.59
6.07
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (GJ/H crore)
35.62
36.09
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) GJ/
USD Million
73.59
74.57*
Energy intensity in terms of physical output (GJ/Vehicle Manufactured)
4.13
4.39

* Value of the previous year has been restated using the IMF conversion factor to ensure consistency and comparability of data across

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If

2.
Does the entity have any sites/facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance,
Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under
the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action
taken, if any.

No, the entity does not have any sites or facilities identified as Designated Consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

3.
Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water
(ii) Groundwater
(iii) Third party water
2,128,699
1,946,609
(iv) Seawater/desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)
2,128,699
1,946,609
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)
2,128,699
1,946,609
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (KL/H crore)
14.01
13.81
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(KL/USD Million)
28.95
28.54*
Water intensity in terms of physical output (KL/Vehicle Manufactured)
1.63
1.68
* Value of the previous year has been restated using the IMF conversion factor to ensure consistency and comparability of
data across reporting periods (source: https://www.imf.org/external/datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC).

Note: The data boundary for this indicator includes all manufacturing facilities of MSIL - namely, Gurugram, Manesar,
casting unit, Kharkhoda facility (from the date IT became operational i.e. 25/02/2025) as well as the Company s Research and
Development Centre located at Rohtak.

4.
Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
(i) To Surface water

-
No treatment

-
(ii) To Groundwater

-
No treatment

-
(iii) To Seawater

-
No treatment

-
(iv) Sent to third parties

-
No treatment

-
(v) Others

-
No treatment

-
Total water discharged (in kiloliters)

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)

5.
Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and
implementation.

Yes, the Company has implemented advanced Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) system at two of its major manufacturing facilities
in Gurugram and Manesar. These systems are seamlessly integrated with Effluent Treatment Plants (ETPs) to ensure complete
wastewater treatment and enable high-efficiency recycling. The treated water is reused within the production cycle, achieving
a closed-loop system with no external discharge. Across all other manufacturing locations, the Company operates in-house
Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs) and ETPs. The treated water from these units is utilised for horticultural and other non-
potable applications within the premises. Through these initiatives, the Company successfully recycles nearly two-thirds of
its total water consumption, an exemplary achievement that reflects its strong commitment to water stewardship. This holistic
approach not only advances the Company s vision of water positivity and circular economy but also sets a benchmark in the
automotive industry for sustainable water management practices.
6.
Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter
Please specify unit
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24#
NOx
Metric tonnes
265.61
168.66
SOx
Metric tonnes
488.83
400.32
Suspended Particulate matter (PM)
Metric tonnes
77.24
80.21
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Others - please specify

# Restated

Note: The increase in NOx and PM emissions in FY2024-25 over FY2023-24, is largely on account of increase in production
volume and commissioning of new greenfield manufacturing facility at Kharkhoda in Haryana.

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)

7.
Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following
format:
Parameter
Please specify unit
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total Scope 1 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6,
NF3, if available)
tCO2e
225,537
212,545
Total Scope 2 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs,
SF6, NF3, if available)
tCO2e
215,368
202,067
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee
of turnover
tCO2e/H crore
2.90
2.94
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of
turnover adjusted Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
tCO2e/USD Million
6.00
6.08*
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of
physical output
tCO2e/
Vehicle Manufactured
0.34
0.36

* Value of the previous year has been restated using the IMF conversion factor to ensure consistency and comparability of data across

Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

8.
Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details.

Yes, the Company has undertaken several strategic initiatives to reduce its Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions. Key
highlights include:
The Company has achieved a total installed solar power capacity of 78.2 MWp, enabling the avoidance of 34,482 metric
tonnes of CO2 emissions in FY 2024-25.
the Company procures green energy for its Gurugram facility from Haryana s state electricity distribution utility, resulting
in an additional 25,055 metric tonnes of CO2 emissions avoided in the financial year.
Over 16 of the Company s electricity requirement* was met through renewable energy sources in FY 2024-25.

In future, the Company has committed to significantly scale up its renewable energy portfolio. A target has been set to increase
the total solar capacity to 319 MWp by FY 2030-31, backed by a planned investment of over ` 925 crore. This expansion
is projected to raise the share of renewable energy in overall electricity consumption to 85% by FY 2030-31, reflecting the
Company s strong climate action agenda and leadership in clean energy transition within the industry.

For further details, please refer to the Energy and Emissions Management section of the Annual Integrated Report FY 2024 25
on page 111.
9.
Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total Waste Generated (in metric tonnes)*
Plastic waste (A)
2,706
2,413
E-waste (B)
Bio-medical waste (C)
0.14
0.13
Construction and Demolition waste (D)
18,377
18,962
Battery waste (E)
Radioactive waste (F)
NA
NA
Other Hazardous waste (G)
20,173
19,499
Other Non-hazardous waste (H)
147,294
134,076
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
188,768
175,131
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Metric tonnes/ H crore)
1.24
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Metric tonnes/ USD Million)
2.57
2.57**
Waste intensity in terms of physical output (Metric tonnes/ vehicle manufactured)
0.14
0.15

For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery
operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
(i) Recycled
155,244
141,184
(ii) Reused
(iii) Other recovery operations
15,148
14,985
Total
170,393
156,169
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal
method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration
(ii) Landfilling
(iii) Other disposal operations
18,377
18,962
Total
18,377
18,962

* The data boundary for this indicator includes all manufacturing facilities of MSIL - namely, Gurugram, Manesar, the casting unit,
Kharkhoda facility (from the date IT became operational i.e. 25/02/2025) - as well as the Company s Research and Development Centre
located at Rohtak.

** Value of the previous year has been restated using the IMF conversion factor to ensure consistency and comparability of data across

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)

10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy
adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes
and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.

The Company has adopted a comprehensive and environmentally responsible waste management strategy, based on
Suzuki s core philosophy of sho-sho-kei-tan-bi - smaller, fewer, lighter, shorter, and beauty. For over a decade, the
Company has successfully practiced Zero Waste to Landfill , consistently maximising recycling, minimising environmental
impact, and promoting industrial symbiosis. Aligned with its sustainability vision, the Company integrates key circular
economy principles - eliminating waste, applying the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) across IT s operations. The key
waste management practices includes:
Hazardous and Toxic Waste Includes used oil, sludge, solvents, contaminated containers, and tyres. These are securely
stored and sent to authorised co-processing or treatment, storage, and disposal facilities (TSDFs). Saleable hazardous
materials are routed to certified recyclers in full regulatory compliance.
Non-Hazardous, Recyclable & Miscellaneous Waste: Covers dry industrial scrap, packaging materials, thermocol,
wooden pallets, glass, paper, plastics, and metals. All materials are segregated at source and sent to authorised recyclers
for resource recovery. Office paper is minimised through digitalization.
Organic Waste: Food and horticulture waste is processed in in-house composting units and biogas plants. Compost
supports landscaping, while biogas is used as a clean energy source, reinforcing nutrient and energy circularity.
Electronic Waste (E-waste): Obsolete IT equipment and electronics are disposed of via certified e-waste recyclers,
ensuring safe handling and material recovery.
Construction & Demolition (C&D) Waste: Debris from infrastructure activities is transferred to authorised C&D processors
for responsible recycling or disposal.

Through this structured, multi-stream approach, the Company is not only able to practice Zero Waste to Landfill
commitment but also sets a benchmark in circular industrial practices, reaffirming its leadership in sustainable
waste management.
11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where
environmental approvals/clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
Location of
operations/offices
Type of
operations
Whether the conditions of environmental approval/clearance are being complied
with? (Y/N) If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
Not Applicable
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in
the current financial year:
Name and brief details
of project
EIA Notification
Date
Independent external
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated in
public domain (Yes/No)
Relevant Web link
Not Applicable
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection
act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
Specify the law/ regulation/ guidelines
which was not complied with
Provide details of the
non-compliance
Any fines/ penalties/ action taken by
regulatory agencies such as pollution
control boards or by courts
Corrective action
taken, if any
Yes, the Company is compliant with all applicable environmental laws, regulations, and guidelines in India, including the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, the Environment (Protection) Act,
and all associated rules and notifications. There were no instances of non-compliance reported during the financial year.
The Company maintains robust environmental management systems including ISO 14001 certification, and conducts regular
monitoring to ensure strict adherence to all statutory and regulatory requirements.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Leadership Indicators
1.
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):

For each facility/plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:

Name of the area: Gurugram District (Gurugram and Manesar facilities)

Nature of operations: Manufacturing

(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (KL)
(i) Surface water
(ii) Groundwater
(iii) Third party water
1,901,943
1,825,621
(iv) Seawater/desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal
1,901, 943
1,825,621
Total volume of water consumption
1,901, 943
1,825,621
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (KL/H crore)
12.52
12.95
Water intensity in terms of physical output (KL/Vehicle manufactured)
1.45
1.58
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface water

No treatment

(ii) Into Groundwater

No treatment

(iii) Into Seawater

No treatment

(iv) Sent to third-parties

No treatment

(v) Others

No treatment

Total water discharged (in kilolitres)
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
2.
Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter
Unit
Category
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Total Scope 3 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6,
NF3, if available)
Metric tonnes of
CO2 equivalent
Category 4 (Upstream transportation
and distribution) (Metric tonnes of
CO2e)
785,624
740,357
Category 11 (Use of sold products)
(Metric tonnes of CO2e)*
31,478,952
33,266,789
Total Scope 3 emissions per
rupee of turnover
Metric tonnes of CO2e/per crore
rupee of turnover
212.41
241.30

*Calculated on a WTW basis considering vehicle lifetime running as 150,000 km

3.
With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide
details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention
and remediation activities.

Not applicable
4.
If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve
resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions/ effluent discharge/ waste generated, please provide
details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
No
Initiative undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web link, if any may
be provided along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
Increase use of
Renewable Energy
The Company has installed solar power
generation capacity of 78.2 MWp,
achieving its FY 2025-26 target one year in
advance i.e. in FY 2024-25.
The Company further plans to increase
solar capacity to 319 MW by 2030-31.
The share of renewable electricity stands at
~16%, with a target to increase IT to ~85% by
FY 2030-31.
Efforts to Minimise Carbon
Emissions in Logistics
The Company increasingly uses railways
instead of trucks for dispatching vehicles.
IT is the first auto OEM in India to have in-
plant railway sidings at its facilities.
Nearly 24% of its vehicles are currently
dispatched using railway sidings, significantly
reducing transport emissions.
Promoting
Circular Economy
100% of metallic scrap was recycled,
and 100% of hazardous waste was either
recycled or co-processed.
Zero waste to landfill
Water Management
The Company is committed to maximising
the use of recycled water while consistently
maintaining zero liquid discharge across all
its facilities.
Approx. two-thirds of the Company s total water
requirement is met through recycled water.
There is zero dependence on groundwater for
manufacturing operations.
Design for Recycling
Supports resource efficiency and end-of-
life vehicle material recovery.
The Company achieved 92% recyclability
and 98% recoverability of materials used in
its vehicles, exceeding the target of 85% and
95%, respectively.
Use of Compressed
Biogas (CBG)
Promote the use of CBG as a process fuel
in manufacturing operations
The Company currently operates a Compressed
Biogas (CBG) plant at its Manesar facility
with an output of 0.2 TPD. To further scale
CBG use in manufacturing process, a higher-
capacity CBG plant is under construction at its
Kharkhoda facility
Sustainable Packaging
Continuously optimize and reduce the use
of packaging material and eliminate the use
of Single Use Plastics
Achieved a 32% reduction in packaging
material in the 4th Generation Dzire compared to
its predecessor.
5.
Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 word/ weblink

The Company has a comprehensive Business Continuity and Disaster Management Plan to ensure operational resilience and
employee safety during disruptions. IT includes robust IT disaster recovery protocols, cyber risk mitigation measures, and
clearly defined roles for recovery teams. The Company conducts regular safety trainings on fire extinguisher use, first aid,
MHE handling along with mock drills. IT is prepared for emergencies like fires, explosions, toxic releases, and natural disasters.
Cybersecurity is also strengthened through proactive monitoring and employee awareness. Emphasis on local procurement
and vendor risk management assessment ensures supply chain continuity. The plan aligns with local and national response
systems, ensuring swift recovery and minimal business disruption.
6.
Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What
mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.

None
7.
Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for
environmental impacts.

98% of the Company s local OE component suppliers, by value, have been assessed for environmental impacts by auditors
accredited by the International Organization for Standardisation and have been awarded ISO 14001 certification.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

PRINCIPLE 7
Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and transparent.
Essential Indicators
1.
Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.

List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such
body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
Name of the trade and industry chambers/associations
Reach of trade and industry chambers/
associations (State/National)
The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)
National
The Associated Chamber of Commerce & Industry in India (ASSOCHAM)
National
The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)
National
The International Road Federation (India Chapter)
National
The Japan Chamber of Commerce & Industry in India (JCCII)
International
2.
Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
authority
Brief of the case
Corrective action taken, if any
1.
Competition
Commission of
India (CCI)
Case related to after-market sale of spare parts: An investigation
was initiated by the Competition Commission of India (CCI) in
2011 against a few car manufacturing companies wherein IT was
contended that these companies were not making genuine spare
parts of automobiles freely available in the open market. CCI later
expanded the scope of investigation to the MSIL as well as other
car manufacturing companies. In the final order passed by the CCI
on 25th August 2014, certain directions were laid down against the
automobile companies and penalties were imposed. A penalty
of I 4,711.4 million was imposed on the company. The Company
contested this matter before the Delhi High Court primarily on the
ground that IT was not a named party in the investigation and that the
investigation ought not to have been conducted against IT. On the
contrary, the Company was named in the information given by the
informant stating that MSIL made spare parts easily accessible in
the open market. The Delhi High Court, on 16th May 2019, disposed
the petition stating that the MSIL had alternative remedies available.
Thereafter, IT filed a Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court
of India, wherein a stay on the CCI s order was granted. The stay is
continuing and the matter is pending adjudication
No. The Company does not
agree with the observation by
CCI. The order is stayed by
Supreme Court
2.
Competition
Commission of
India (CCI)
Matter relating to alleged discount control practices: An
investigation was initiated suo-moto by the CCI in February 2019
based on the information provided by a purported dealer of the MSIL.
The dealer alleged that the Company resorts to anti-competitive
discount control practices. The CCI passed its final order on 23rd
August 2021 and held that the Company indulged in anti-competitive
discount control practices (re-sale price maintenance) and imposed
a penalty of I 2,000 million on MSIL. The Company filed an appeal
against the CCI s order before the National Company Law Appellate
Tribunal (NCLAT), wherein on 22nd November 2021, a stay on the
CCI s order was granted subject to the deposit of I 200 million. The
stay is continuing and the matter is pending adjudication.
No. The Company does not
agree with the observation
by CCI. The order is stayed
by NCLAT.
Leadership Indicators
1.
Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
No
Public policy advocated
Method resorted
for such advocacy
Whether information
available in public
domain ? (Yes/No)
Frequency of Review by Board
(Annually/Half yearly/Quarterly/
Others-please specify)
Web Link, if
available
NA
PRINCIPLE 8
Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
Essential Indicators
1.
Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year.
Name and brief
details of project
SIA Notification
Date of
notification
independent external
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated
in public domain
(Yes/No)
Relevant Web link
Not Applicable
2.
Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken
by your entity, in the following format:
Name of Project for
which R&R is ongoing
State
District
No. of Project Affected
Families (PAFs)
% of PAFs
covered by R&R
Amounts paid to
PAFs in the FY (In K)
Not Applicable
3.
Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

The Company has established structured mechanisms to receive and address community grievances. Each plant location
has a designated Community Relations Manager (CRM) who serves as the primary point of contact for the local community.
CRMs, as part of the Company s Community Development Department, regularly engage with communities through field
visits, group meetings, and local events to proactively understand concerns. Any issues raised are systematically analysed,
and appropriate actions are implemented to ensure timely and effective resolution, thereby fostering trust and long-term
community relationships.
4.
Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers
1.52%
1.56*
Directly from within India
94.70%
94.57*

* Restated
5.
Job creation in smaller towns - Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers
employed on a permanent or non-permanent/on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage
Location
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Rural
0.20%
0.18%
Semi-urban
36.10%
36.96%
Urban
53.68%
53.93%
Metropolitan
10.02%
8.93%
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Leadership Indicator
1.
Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact
Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above)
Details of negative social impact identified
Corrective action taken
Not Applicable
2.
Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts
as identified by government bodies:
State
Aspirational District
Amount spent
(in K)
Bihar
Gaya
18,478,024
Bihar
Purnia
3,948,857
Bihar
Aurangabad
4,604,107
Andhra Pradesh
Vishakhapatnam
138,867
Bihar
Muzaffarpur
96,112
3.
Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers
comprising marginalised /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No):

No, the Company does not have a preferential procurement policy. However, the Company focuses on prioritising local
procurement to improve efficiency, minimise its environmental and safety impacts, and ensure business continuity.

From which marginalised /vulnerable groups do you procure?

Not Applicable

What percentage of total procurement (by value) does IT constitute?

Not Applicable
4.
Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in
the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
Intellectual Property based on
traditional knowledge
Owned/ Acquired
(Yes/No)
Benefit shared (Yes/No)
Basis of calculating benefit share
Not Applicable
5.
Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related
disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Name of authority
Brief of the Case
Corrective action taken
Not Applicable
6.
Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
CSR Project
No of persons
benefitted from CSR
Projects
% of beneficiaries
from vulnerable and
marginalised groups
Multi-specialty hospital at Sitapur, Gujarat
12,293
40%
Maruti Suzuki Podar Learn School, Sitapur, Gujarat
99%
Comprehensive community development initiatives
143,903
48%
Supporting Vocational training through Japan India Institute for Manufacturing
(JIMs) and Support to On-Job-Training program
62%
Vocational training support to Govt. Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs), Diploma
colleges and other skill initiatives
22,620
14%
Apprentice Training at MSIL
2,305
100%
Automated Driving Test Tracks and 360-degree road safety initiatives under 4
E. Road Safety pillars
373,396
9%*
Total
555,701

* Includes data of 9 ADTTs which are currently being managed by CSR.
PRINCIPLE 9
Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Essential Indicators
1.
Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.

The Company has a robust customer complaint management system comprising channels such as the Company website
and toll-free helpline. The complaint redressal process is well structured with defined escalation mechanisms, which ensures
timebound resolution. Through these channels, customers can raise their complaints related to issues faced during purchase
of vehicle or during vehicle service.
2.
Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information
about:
Particulars
As a percentage to total turnover*
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
100%
Safe and responsible usage
100%
Recycling and/or safe disposal
100%

*Revenue generated from sale of vehicles
3.
Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Received
Pending
end of year
Remarks
Received
Pending
end of year
Remarks
Data privacy
-
Advertising
-
Cyber-security
-
Delivery of essential services
-
NA
Restrictive Trade Practices
-
Unfair Trade Practices
-
Other* (Sales & Service)
21,822
All complaints
the date of
this report
23,282
All pending
of FY24 have
been closed in
FY25.

*For sales and service-related issues received through centralised customer complaint management system.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

4.
Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number
Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls
Due to possible defect in Steering gear box assembly.
Forced recalls
--
5.
Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If
available, provide a web-link of the policy.

Yes. Data privacy and cyber security are integral to the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and risk-management
framework. We have established comprehensive privacy policies to protect all stakeholders personally identifiable information.
Our Information Security Policy further defines governance, controls, and procedures to ensure the availability, integrity, and
confidentiality of information and systems.

https://www.marutisuzuki.com/data-provider-consent-policy; https://www.marutisuzuki.com/privacy-policy
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of
essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls;
penalty/action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products/services.

The Company has not received any complaints related to data privacy, cyber security, advertising, or other regulatory matters;
however there are complaints pertaining to sales & services, which are being handled basis-established protocols.

For product recalls and quality issues, the Company conducted an in-depth analysis of the issue and implemented targeted
countermeasures ranging from design refinements to manufacturing process enhancements at both its own and suppliers
facilities. These insights have been codified into the Company s internal evaluation and inspection standards, and the
Company has also rolled out best-practice workshops and capability-building programs to strengthen Supplier Quality
Management Systems.

The Company s ISO-aligned Quality Management System ensures comprehensive root-cause analysis, corrective action
plans, and preventive controls to avert recurrence of defects. All processes are reviewed periodically and refreshed as needed
to stay ahead of changing regulatory requirements and market expectations.
7.
Provide the following information relating to data breaches:

Number of instances of data breaches -

Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers

Nil

Impact, if any, of the data breaches

Nil
Leadership Indicators
1.
Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web
link, if available).

The Company maintains a website where information about its products is available. Customer engagement with the brands
in the Metaverse has been made for Arena and Nexa through ARENAVERSE and NEXAVERSE respectively. Apart from this,
the consumers can also refer to its social media handles.

https://www.marutisuzuki.com/; https://www.nexaexperience.com/
2.
Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.

The Company has adopted a multi-faceted approach to educate and empower consumers on the safe and responsible
usage of its vehicles. Each vehicle is accompanied by a comprehensive owner s manual that provides detailed guidance on
safe operations. The Maruti Suzuki Driving School plays a pivotal role in promoting road safety by offering structured driver
training programs for new and aspiring drivers. Additionally, the Company actively shares safety tips and vehicle maintenance
advice through its social media platforms.

To further reinforce responsible driving behaviour, telematics-based features provide curated feedback to customers on
driving patterns. Service reminders such as seat belt reminders and other in-vehicle alerts are embedded to encourage
adherence to safe driving practices. As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, the Company also
implements various road safety projects aimed at creating broader awareness and fostering a culture of safety amongst users.
3.
Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.

Not Applicable
4.
Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local
laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to
consumer satisfaction relating to the major products/services of the entity, significant locations of operation of
the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

All product related information such as safety, fuel efficiency, safe and responsible usage, maintenance etc. is provided to
customer through owner s manual and brochures. Some of the information is also provided to customers via various stickers
on vehicle.

In line with the core value of customer obsession, the Company regularly gauges customer satisfaction levels with the sales
and service experience. Customer satisfaction levels associated with the buying experience are measured through an internal
Customer Delight Index (CDI). An essential parameter to evaluate customer satisfaction related to service operations is
customer complaints per 1,000 vehicles serviced (CC/1,000). The Company continuously monitors customer feedback and
ensures timely implementation of countermeasures by the workshops.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Independent Assurance Statement
To
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
Introduction and Objective of Work
BUREAU VERITAS has been engaged by Maruti Suzuki India Limited (Corporate Identity Number L34103DL1981PLC011375,
hereafter referred to as MSIL or the Company ) to undertake an independent assurance of the Company s disclosures in Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (hereafter referred as BRSR ). The disclosures include the BRSR Core as per Annexure
I of SEBI circular dated 12th July 2023 and other disclosures in BRSR as per the Annexure II of SEBI circular dated 12th July 2023,
Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core, Circular No.: SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated Dec 20, 2024.
Intended User
The assurance statement is made solely for MSIL and its stakeholders as per the governing contractual terms and conditions
of the assurance engagement contract between MSIL and Bureau Veritas . To the extent that the law permits, we owe no
responsibility and do not accept any liability to any party other than MSIL for the work we have performed for this assurance
report, or our conclusions stated in the paragraph below.
Reporting Criteria
Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core, Circular No.: SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated Dec 20, 2024.
Reporting Framework based on BRSR Core, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report as per Annexure 1 of the SEBI
circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated July 12, 2023) BRSR Core KPIs.

The reported information of BRSR core based on following nine ESG attributes:

1.
Green-house gas (GHG) footprint

2.
Water footprint

3.
Energy footprint

4.
Embracing circularity - details related to waste management by the entity

5.
Enhancing Employee Wellbeing and Safety

6.
Enabling Gender Diversity in Business

7.
Enabling Inclusive Development

8.
Fairness in Engaging with Customers and Suppliers

9.
Open-ness of business

BRSR reporting guidelines (Annexure II) as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562 dated May 10, 2021,
and incorporated Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023.
Assurance Standards Used
Bureau Veritas conducted reasonable assurance of BRSR Core in accordance with the requirements of the International Federation
of Accountants (IFAC) International Standard on Assurance Engagement (ISAE) 3000 (Revised)- Assurance Engagements other than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. Under this standard, Bureau Veritas has reviewed the information presented
in the report against the characteristics of relevance, completeness, materiality, reliability, neutrality, and understandability.
Level of Assurance
Reasonable Level of assurance for the indicators across BRSR Core as per Annexure I of SEBI circular.
Limited Level of assurance for the other disclosures of BRSR as per Annexure II of SEBI circular.
Scope and Boundary of Assurance
The scope of our engagement includes independent Reasonable level of assurance for BRSR Core indicators (Ref: Annexure I of
SEBI Circular) and a Limited level of assurance for the other disclosures in BRSR (Ref: Annexure II of SEBI circular) for the financial
year (FY) 2024-25.
Boundary of our assurance work:
BRSR Core indicators: Boundary covers the performance of MSIL (Standalone entity)
Operations that fall across the direct operational control of the Company s legal structure. Based on he agreed scope with the
Company, the boundary of reasonable assurance covers the operations of MSIL across all India locations, unless otherwise
stated in the table below.
BRSR Core Attribute Boundary for reasonable Assurance
Attribute 2: Water footprint
Manufacturing plants (Gurugram, Manesar, & Kharkhoda) and
R&D facilities (Gurugram, Rohtak)
Attribute 4: Embracing circularity - details related to waste
management by the entity
Other disclosures in BRSR: Boundary for the other disclosures in BRSR covers the operations of MSIL (Standalone entity)
across all India locations, unless otherwise stated below.

Same as mentioned for the BRSR core attributes related cross references to the BRSR and wherever specified in the BRSR
report as applicable.
The Methodology Adopted for Assurance
A multi-disciplinary team from Bureau Veritas conducted the assurance process for Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) for the
financial year (FY) 2024-25, adopting a risk-based approach focusing on issues of high material relevance to MSIL s business and
stakeholders. The assurance activities, covering selected sites listed in Annex-II of the SEBI Circular, are outlined below:
BRSR Core Indicators (Reasonable Assurance)
Reviewed disclosures under the BRSR Core framework, covering Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) across nine ESG attributes,
as per Annexure I of the SEBI Circular.
Assessed design and implementation of systems, processes, and controls for collecting, managing, and reporting BRSR
Core Indicators.
Conducted walk-throughs and sample-based testing of data sets to ensure adherence to reporting principles and operational
control boundaries.
Gathered extensive evidence through stakeholder engagement, supported by documentary evidence and
management representations.
Performed on-site audits at selected locations, chosen based on contribution to reported indicators, operational complexity,
and reporting systems, to verify data accuracy and process uniformity.
Interviewed senior managers responsible for monitoring, data collation, and reporting, with freedom to select interviewees.
Other BRSR Disclosures (Limited Assurance)
Evaluated disclosures under BRSR guidelines, including general disclosures, management processes, principle-wise
performance (essential and leadership indicators), and key metrics, as per Annexure II of the SEBI Circular.
Analysed systems, processes, and controls for collecting, managing, and reporting non-financial disclosures.
Conducted sample-based assessments of site-specific data at corporate offices and selected sites, with flexibility to
choose sites.
Collected documentary evidence and management representations to support adherence to reporting principles.
Interviewed senior managers overseeing monitoring, data collation, and reporting, with freedom to select interviewees.
The assurance process was executed with rigor, ensuring independence, objectivity, and alignment with SEBI Circular requirements
for FY 2024-25.
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Limitation(s) and Exclusions
The assurance process for Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) conducted by Bureau Veritas for the financial year (FY) 2024-25,
includes a reasonable level of assurance for BRSR Core Indicators and a limited level of assurance for other BRSR disclosures.
The following limitations and exclusions apply to the assurance engagement:
Materiality Threshold: The assurance considers an uncertainty of 5% for estimation or measurement errors and omissions,
based on the materiality threshold.
Exclusion of Financial Data: Bureau Veritas did not evaluate or assess MSIL s financial data or performance. For BRSR Core
Indicators involving financial metrics (e.g., attributes 8 and 9, or where INR is applied), reliance was placed on third-party audited
financial reports. Bureau Veritas assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of these financial reports.
Defined Reporting Period: The assessment is restricted to data and information within the FY 2024-25 reporting period. Data
outside this period is excluded from the assurance scope, unless otherwise stated in the report.
Geographical and Operational Boundary: The assurance covers only operations within the defined boundary (manufacturing
plants in Gurugram, Manesar, and Kharkhoda and R&D facilities in Gurugram and Rohtak, unless otherwise specified). Data or
activities outside these boundaries are not included, unless explicitly stated.
Exclusion of Subjective Statements: The assurance does not cover MSIL s statements expressing opinions, beliefs,
aspirations, expectations, aims, or future intentions, nor does IT include assertions related to Intellectual Property Rights or
competitive issues.
Limited Scope of Framework Mapping: The assurance is restricted to the BRSR framework as specified in the SEBI Circular
(Annexures I and II). Comparisons or assessments against other reporting frameworks are not included.
Exclusion of Strategy and Legal Compliance: The assessment does not review MSIL s strategy, related linkages in the report,
or compliance with legal requirements, which remain the responsibility of MSIL.
Data Authenticity Assumption: The assurance relies on the assumption that data and information provided by MSIL are
complete, sufficient, and authentic.
Conclusion
Bureau Veritas conducted a comprehensive assurance engagement for Maruti Suzuki India Limited s (MSIL) BRSR disclosures for
the period April 1, 2024, to March 31, 2025, as presented in its Report. Subject to the inherent limitations outlined in the Report,
our conclusions are as follows:
Reasonable Level of Assurance - BRSR Core Indicators

Based on the procedures performed, evidence obtained, and information provided by management, we conclude that MSIL s
BRSR Core disclosures across nine core attributes (as listed in Annex I) are, in all material respects, prepared in accordance
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India s (SEBI) BRSR guidelines (Annexure I of SEBI Circular dated 12th July 2023,
Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core, Circular No.: SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated Dec 20, 2024).
Limited Level of Assurance - Other BRSR Disclosures

Based on the assessment undertaken, nothing has come to our attention to suggest that MSIL s other BRSR disclosures do
not adhere to the reporting requirements outlined in the BRSR guidelines (Annexure II of SEBI Circular dated 12th July 2023,
Industry Standard on Reporting of BRSR Core, Circular No.: SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated Dec 20, 2024).
Our review, supported by sample-based testing and evaluation of management processes, confirms that the disclosures are
prepared with due diligence and align with the specified SEBI framework.
Responsibilities
MSIL is completely responsible for the report contents, identification of material topics, and data reporting structure. The selection
of reporting criteria, reporting period, reporting boundary, monitoring, and measurement of data, preparation, and presentation of
information for the report are the sole responsibility of the management of MSIL . Bureau Veritas was not involved in the drafting
or preparation of the report and any other backup data for the reporting period. The responsibility of BV was to provide reasonable
independent assurance for the sustainability of non-financial disclosures as described in the scope of assurance.
The said assessment is properly based on the assumption that the data and information provided in the report are proper and
without any discrepancy. Bureau Veritas shall not be held liable or responsible for any type of decision a person or entity would
make based on this assurance statement. While reading the assurance statement, stakeholders shall recognize and accept the
limitations and scope as mentioned above.
Competence
The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting assurance over environmental, social, ethical, and health & safety
information, systems and processes an excellent understanding of Bureau Veritas standard methodology for the Assurance of
Sustainability Reports.
Uncertainty
The reliability of assurance is subject to uncertainty(ies) that is inherent in the assurance process. Uncertainties stem from
limitations in quantification models used, assumptions, or data conversion factors used or may be present in the estimation of
data used to arrive at results. Our conclusions with respect to this assurance are naturally subject to any inherent uncertainty(ies)
involved in the assurance process.
Statement of Independence, Impartiality, and Competence
Bureau Veritas is an independent professional services company that specialises in Quality, Health, Safety, Social, and
Environmental Management with over 196 years of history. Its assurance team has extensive experience in conducting assessment
over environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes.
Bureau Veritas operates a certified Quality Management System which complies with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015 and
accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding
compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Bureau Veritas has implemented and applies a Code of Ethics, which meets the requirements of the International Federation
of Inspections Agencies (IFIA), across the business to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional
competence and due care, confidentiality, professional behaviour, and high ethical standards in their day-to-day business activities.
The assurance team for this work does not have any involvement in any other Bureau Veritas projects with MSIL.
Restriction on use of Our Report
Our assurance report for Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report has been prepared and addressed to the management
of MSIL, to assist the company in reporting on the Company s Sustainability performance and activities.
Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our deliverables should not be used for any other purpose
or by any person other than the addressees of our deliverables. The Firm neither accepts nor assumes any duty of care or liability
for any other purpose or to any other party to whom our deliverables are shown or into whose hands IT may come without our
prior consent in writing.
For Bureau Veritas (India) Private Limited
Amit Kumar
Rupam BARUAH
Lead Assuror
Technical Reviewer
Noida, India
Mumbai, India
Date: July 29, 2025
Date: July 29, 2025
Value Creation Approach
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Statutory Reports
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Financial
Statements
Standalone Financial
Statements
Consolidated Financial
Statements

To The Members of Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial
statements of Maruti Suzuki India Limited ( the Company ),
which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, and the
Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive
Income), the Statement of Cash Flows and the Statement of
Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date, and notes
to the standalone financial statements including a summary of
material accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements give the information required by the Companies Act,
2013 (the Act ) in the manner so required and give a true and
fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards
prescribed under section 133 of the Act, ( Ind AS ) and other
accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state
of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025, and its profit,
total comprehensive income, its cash flows and the changes in
equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing ( SA s) specified
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those
Standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibility
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Company in
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone
financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the
Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and
the ICAI s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone
financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have
determined the matters described below to be the key audit
matters to be communicated in our report.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does
not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the standalone financial
statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when IT becomes available
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial
statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of
our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other
information that we obtained prior to the date of this
auditor s report, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Board s Report including Annexures to
Board s Report, Management Discussion and Analysis and
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting, if we
conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we
are required to communicate the matter to those charged
with governance as required under SA 720 The Auditor s
responsibilities Relating to Other Information .
Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors
for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the
preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a
true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance
including other comprehensive income, cash flows and changes
in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India including Ind AS specified
under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the
Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation
of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management
and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors
either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations,
or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Company s Board of Directors is also responsible for
overseeing the Company s financial reporting process.
Auditor s Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always
detect a material misstatement when IT exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of these standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of
the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section
143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing
our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal
financial controls with reference to standalone financial
statements in place and the operating effectiveness of
such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor s report to the related disclosures in the standalone
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s
report. However, future events or conditions may cause
the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content
of the standalone financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the standalone financial
statements represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Independent Auditor s Report
No. Key Audit Matter
Auditor s Response
Evaluation of uncertain tax positions
relating to Income taxes and Excise duty
The Company has material uncertain
tax positions relating to matters under
litigations/disputes in respect of Income
tax and Excise duty. These matters involve
significant management judgement to
estimate financial impact and to determine
the possible outcome of such disputes/
litigations.
Refer note 2.4.3 and 37(A) (i) and (iv) of the
Principal audit procedures performed:
a) We evaluated the design and implementation of internal controls and tested the
operating effectiveness of controls for estimation of the amount of financial impact
and assessment of possible outcome of Income Tax and Excise duty litigations and
consequent recording /disclosure in the financial statements.
b) We obtained assessment orders of Income tax and Excise duty issued by relevant
authorities and management s evaluation of those assessment orders and performed
the following procedures:

We verified the arithmetical accuracy of the computation prepared by management
based on the assessment orders to determine the financial impact of the matters
under dispute and consequent recording/ disclosure in the financial statements.

We involved our tax specialists to review the management s underlying
assumptions in estimating the financial impact and the possible outcome of the
litigations and disputes after considering legal precedence and other rulings.

We assessed the accounting principles applied by the Company to measure and
disclose the financial impact of these litigations in accordance with the Indian
Accounting Standards, applicable regulatory financial reporting framework and other
accounting principles generally accepted in India.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and
Auditor s Report Thereon

The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
other information. The other information comprises the
Corporate Governance Report (but does not include the
consolidated financial statements, standalone financial
statements and our auditor s report thereon) which we
obtained prior to the date of this auditor s report, and the
Board s Report including Annexures to Board s Report,
Management Discussion and Analysis and Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting which are
expected to be made available to us after that date.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone
financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes
IT probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably
knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work
and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the
effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal financial controls that we identify during
our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report
on
Other
Legal
Regulatory
Requirements
1.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit
we report that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required
by law have been kept by the Company so far as IT
appears from our examination of those books except
for not complying with the requirement of audit trail
as stated in (i)(vi) below.
The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and
Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, the
Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of Changes
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement
with the books of account.
In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Section 133 of the Act.
On the basis of the written representations received
from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the
directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from
being appointed as a director in terms of Section
164(2) of the Act.
The modification relating to the maintenance of
accounts and other matters connected therewith, is
as stated in paragraph (b) above.
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial
controls with reference to standalone financial
statements of the Company and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate
Report in ANNEXURE A . Our report expresses an
unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating
effectiveness of the Company s internal financial
controls with reference to standalone financial
With respect to the other matters to be included in the
Auditor s Report in accordance with the requirements
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended,

In our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us, the
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors
during the year is in accordance with the provisions
of section 197 of the Act.

With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,
as amended in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given
to us:
The Company has disclosed the impact of
pending litigations on its financial position in
its standalone financial statements - Refer note
37(A) to the standalone financial statements;
The Company did not have any long-term
contracts including derivative contracts for
which there were any material foreseeable
losses - Refer note 36 to the standalone
There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by
the Company. Refer note 16 to the standalone
The Management has represented
that, to the best of its knowledge and
belief, as disclosed in note 40(f) to the
standalone financial statements, no
funds have been advanced or loaned or
invested (either from borrowed funds
or share premium or any other sources
or kind of funds) by the Company to or
in any other person or entity, including
foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall, directly or indirectly lend or invest
in other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of
the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
The Management has represented, that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in note 40(g) to the standalone
financial statements, no funds have been
received by the Company from any person
or entity, including foreign entities ( Funding
Parties ), with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise, that
the Company shall, directly or indirectly,
lend or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever by or
on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate
Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries.

Based on the audit procedures performed
that have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing
has come to our notice that has caused us
to believe that the representations under
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain
any material misstatement.

The final dividend proposed in the previous year,
declared and paid by the Company during the
year is in accordance with section 123 of the
Act, as applicable. As stated in note 14.4 to the
standalone financial statements, the Board of
Directors of the Company has proposed final
dividend for the year which is subject to the
approval of the members at the ensuing Annual
General Meeting. Such dividend proposed is
in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as
applicable.
Based on our examination, which included test
checks, the Company has used accounting
software for maintaining its books of account
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025,
wherein:
in respect of one accounting software, the
audit (edit log) feature was not enabled
throughout the year.
in respect of various related accounting
software, the Company has enabled and
operated audit trail (edit log) feature at
database level during the month of March
2025 for certain tables. These accounting
software did not have the feature of
recording audit trail (edit log) facility at
application level. Further, during the course
of our audit, we did not come across any
instances of audit trail (edit log) feature
being tampered with for these related
accounting software for the period for
which the audit trail feature was enabled
and operating.
in respect of accounting software operated
by third party software service provider,
used for maintaining and processing
certain transactions, in the absence of
independent auditor s report covering the
audit trail requirement, we are unable to
comment whether audit trail feature of the
said software was enabled and operated
throughout the year for all the relevant
transactions recorded in this software or
whether there were any instances of the
audit trail feature been tampered with.

Refer note 39 to the standalone financial

As audit trail (edit log) facility was not
available/not enabled during the year ended
March 31, 2024, reporting under Rule 11 (g)
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014 on preservation of audit trail as per the
statutory requirements for record retention is
not applicable.
2.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order,
2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central Government in
terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in ANNEXURE
B a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3
and 4 of the Order.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Partner
Place: New Delhi
(Membership No. 93474)
Date: April 25, 2025
(UDIN: 25093474BMOMBG2377)
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference
to standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act,
2013 ( the Act )
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to
standalone financial statements of Maruti Suzuki India Limited
( the Company ) as at March 31, 2025 in conjunction with
our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the
Company for the year ended on that date.
Management s and Board of Directors Responsibilities
for Internal Financial Controls
The Company s management and Board of Directors are
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial
controls with reference to standalone financial statements
based on the internal control with reference to standalone
financial statements criteria established by the Company
considering the essential components of internal control stated
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India . These responsibilities include the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to
the company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under
the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements of the Company based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
(the Guidance Note ) issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing prescribed
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference
to standalone financial statements. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether adequate internal financial controls with
reference to standalone financial statements was established
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to standalone financial statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls
with reference to standalone financial statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to standalone financial statements, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Company s internal financial controls with reference to
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference
to standalone financial statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to
standalone financial statements is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company's internal financial control
with reference to standalone financial statements includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorisations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to standalone financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls
with reference to standalone financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of
controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the
internal financial control with reference to standalone financial
statements may become inadequate because of changes in
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(g) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report
of even date)
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference
to standalone financial statements and such internal financial
controls with reference to standalone financial statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on
the criteria for internal financial control with reference to
standalone financial statements established by the Company
considering the essential components of internal control stated
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Partner
Place: New Delhi
(Membership No. 93474)
Date: April 25, 2025
(UDIN: 25093474BMOMBG2377)
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records
examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(A)
The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation
of property, plant and equipment and relevant details of right-of-use assets.

(B)
The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.

The property, plant and equipment except certain furniture and fixtures, office appliances and other property, plant and
equipment having a carrying value of ` 2,906 million and right-of-use assets, were physically verified during the year
by the Management which, in our opinion, provides for physical verification at reasonable intervals. According to the
information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.

With respect to immovable properties (other than immovable properties under dispute and where the Company is
the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the financial statements
included in property, plant and equipment, according to the information and explanations given to us and based on
the examination of the registered sale deed / transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report that, the title
deeds of such immovable properties are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date, except for the
following:
Description of
Property
As at Balance Sheet date
Whether
their relative or
employee
Period held
since
Reason for not being held in name of
Gross
carrying
value as at
the Balance
sheet date
Carrying
value in the
financial
statements
Land for
factory in IMT
Haryana
21,312
Government of
Haryana
No
The Company has been allotted the
land through Regular Letter of Allotment
(RLA) and is in possession and is an
occupant of this land. As per the terms
of RLA, the conveyance deed was to
be executed in 2 years from the date of
possession. Subsequently, the Company
was granted an extension for execution
of the conveyance deed until May 15,
2025 and the Company intends to
execute the conveyance deed within the
stipulated timelines.
Building - 3
residential flats
in Ranchi
Excel Venture
Construction
Private Limited/
Jharkhand
State Housing
Board
No
April 1, 2012 There is an ongoing litigation
between Excel Venture Construction
Private Limited (Builder) and Jharkhand
State Housing Board (JHB) with
respect to percentage ownership of the
project as land is owned by JHB and
construction was done by the builder. As
informed to us by the management, the
registration is pending on account of the
aforesaid litigation.

With respect to immovable properties disclosed in the financial statements included in property, plant and equipment
where title is under dispute is as given below:
Description of Property
As at Balance
Sheet date
Held in the name of
Whether
their relative
or employee
Period held
since
Remarks
147, 149 and 203, Village
Ughrojpura and Survey
no. 501 and 497p, Village
Ukardi, Gujarat of 56.63
acres
Maruti Suzuki
(Refer to remarks)
No
The Company has acquired
lands for expansion
activities which are under
litigation, where there are
title disputes, which are
sub judice in Civil Court/
with Revenue authorities
and Hon ble High Court of
Gujarat. (Refer note 4.1 to
the financial statements)
Survey no. 144, 145 and
159, Village Ughrojpura,
Gujarat of 12.75 acres
November
18, 2013
Survey no. 137, 142 and
261, Village Ughrojpura,
Gujarat of 16.50 acres

The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment (including right of use assets) and intangible
assets during the year.

No proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the Company as at March 31, 2025 for
holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and rules
made thereunder.
The inventories except for goods-in-transit and stocks held with third parties, were physically verified during the year
by the Management at reasonable intervals. In our opinion and based on information and explanations given to us,
the coverage and procedure of such verification by the Management is appropriate having regard to the size of the
Company and the nature of its operations. For stocks held with third parties at the year-end, written confirmations have
been obtained in most of the cases and in respect of goods in transit, the goods have been received subsequent to the
year end or confirmation has been obtained in most of the cases. No discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate
for each class of inventories were noticed on such physical verification of inventories, when compared with the books
of account.

According to the information and explanations given to us, at any point of time of the year, the Company has not been
sanctioned any working capital facility from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets, and
hence reporting under clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
The Company has made investments in companies and in debt based mutual funds and granted advances in the nature of
loans to employees during the year, in respect of which:

The Company has provided advances in the nature of loans during the year and details of which are given below:
Particulars
Advances in the
nature of loans
A. Aggregate amount granted / provided during the year:

Others (to employees)
B. Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above

Others (to employees)

The Company has not provided any loans or guarantee or security to any other entity during the year.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report of
even date)

In our opinion, the investments made and the terms
and conditions of the above-mentioned advances in
the nature of loans provided during the year are not
prejudicial to the Company s interest.

In respect of advances in the nature of loans provided
by the Company, the schedule of repayment of
principal has been stipulated and the repayments
of principal amounts are regular as per stipulation
and no interest is charged based on stipulation in
respect thereof.

According to information and explanations given to
us and based on the audit procedures performed, in
respect of advances in the nature of loans provided by
the Company, there is no overdue amount remaining
outstanding as at the balance sheet date.

No advance in the nature of loan granted by the
Company which has fallen due during the year, has
been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted
to settle the overdues of existing loans given to the
same parties.

According to information and explanations given to
us and based on the audit procedures performed,
the Company has not granted any advance in the
nature of loans either repayable on demand or
without specifying any terms or period of repayment
during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)
(f) is not applicable.

The Company has not provided any guarantee
or security, and granted any loans, secured or
unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability
Partnerships or any other parties and has not granted
any advances in the nature of loans to companies,
firms and Limited Liability Partnerships during
the year.
(iv) The Company has complied with the provisions of Sections
185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, in respect of
loans granted, investments made and guarantees and
securities provided, as applicable.
The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts
which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under
clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
(vi) The maintenance of cost records has been specified
by the Central Government under section 148(1) of the
Companies Act, 2013 for manufacturing of engines and
generation of power. We have broadly reviewed the
books of account maintained by the Company pursuant
to the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014,
as amended, prescribed by the Central Government for
maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the
Companies Act, 2013, and are of the opinion that, prima
facie, the prescribed cost records have been made and
maintained by the Company. We have, however, not made
a detailed examination of the cost records with a view to
determine whether they are accurate or complete.
(vii) In respect of statutory dues:

Undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and
Services tax, Provident Fund, Income-tax, duty of
Custom, cess and other material statutory dues
applicable to the Company have generally been
regularly deposited by IT with the appropriate
authorities.

We have been informed that the operations of
the Company did not give rise to any liability of
Employees State Insurance, Sales Tax, Service Tax,
Value Added Tax and duty of Excise during the year.

There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees State
Insurance, Income-tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, cess, and other material
statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.

Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2025 on
account of disputes are given below:
Statute
Dues
Amount
unpaid*
(Rupees
Million)
Income Tax
Act, 1961
Income-tax
High Court
1992-93, 1995-96 to 1996-97,
1998-99,2004-05 to 2005-06,
2007-08, 2009-10 to 2010-11@
3,151
Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT)
2003-04, 2011-12 to
2020-21@
167,905
Up to Commissioner
(Appeals)
2007-08 to 2022-23@
8,478
Statute
Dues
Amount
unpaid*
(Rupees
Million)
Sub-total
179,534##
Wealth tax Act,
Wealth tax
High Court
1996-97-1997-98
Sub-total
0#
Central
Excise Act,
Duty of
Excise
Customs, Excise &
Service Tax Appellate
Tribunal (CESTAT)
2002-03 to 2017-18
15,596
Sub-total
15,596^^
The Finance
Act, 1994
Service Tax
Supreme Court
2008-09 to 2009-10
Customs, Excise &
Service Tax Appellate
Tribunal (CESTAT)
2005-06 to 2017-18
4,442
Sub-total
4,511^
Customs Act,
Duty of
Custom
Commissioner (Appeals)
2018-19 to 2021-22
Customs, Excise &
Service Tax Appellate
Tribunal (CESTAT)
2016-17 to 2020-21
4,409
Sub-total
4,419&
Goods And
service tax
Goods and
Services
tax
Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur
Goods and Services Tax Appellate
Tribunal (GSTAT)
2017-18 to 2022-23
Commissioner (Appeals)
2017-18 to 2022-23
Sub-total
906&&

*Includes penalty wherever quantified in the Order and interest as applicable.

@Period represents assessment year

##Net of I6,767 million paid under protest

#Net of I1 million paid under protest

^^Net of I2,266 million paid under protest

^Net of I445 million paid under protest

&Net of I578 million paid under protest

&&Net of I1,393 million paid under protest

The following matters have been decided in favour of the Company, but department has preferred appeals before higher
authorities.
Statute
Dues
Amount unpaid#
(Rupees Million)
The Income
Tax Act, 1961
Income-tax
Supreme Court
1995-96 to 1997-98, 1999-00 to
2001-02, 2004-05 to 2006-07@
1,813
Income-tax
High Court
1997-98, 1999-00 to 2000-01,
2004-05 to 2005-06@
Income-tax
Income Tax Appellate Tribunal
(ITAT)
2011-12@
4,533
Sub-total
6,900
The Central
Excise Act,
Duty of Excise
Supreme Court
2000-01 to 2007-08
High Court
1986-87, 1988-89 to 1993-94
Customs, Excise &
Service Tax Appellate
Tribunal (CESTAT)
2013-14 to 2015-16
Sub-total
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Statute
Dues
Amount unpaid#
(Rupees Million)
The Finance
Act, 1994
Service Tax
Supreme Court
2003-04 to 2012-13
Customs, Excise &
Service Tax Appellate
Tribunal (CESTAT)
Sub-total

#includes interest as applicable and penalty wherever quantified in the Order.

@Period represents assessment year

There are no statutory dues of Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Value Added Tax, cess and other material
statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of disputes as on March 31, 2025.
(viii) There were no transactions relating to previously
unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed
as income in the tax assessments under the Income Tax
Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year.
(ix) (a)
In our opinion, the Company has not defaulted in
the repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the
payment of interest thereon to any lender during the
year.

The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter
by any bank or financial institution or government or
any government authority.

The Company has not taken any term loan during
the year and there are no unutilised term loans at
the beginning of the year and hence, reporting under
clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.

On an overall examination of the financial statements
of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis
have not been used during the year for long-term
purposes by the Company.

On an overall examination of the financial statements
of the Company, the Company has not taken any
funds from any entity or person on account of or to
meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or
joint ventures.

The Company has not raised loans during the year
on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries or
joint ventures or associate companies.
(x)
The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial
public offer or further public offer (including debt
instruments) during the year and hence reporting
under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.

During the year the Company has not made any
preferential allotment or private placement of shares
or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally)
and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order
is not applicable to the Company.
(xi) (a)
To the best of our knowledge, no fraud by the
Company and no material fraud on the Company has
been noticed or reported during the year.

To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-
section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has
been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13
of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with
the Central Government, during the year and upto the
date of this report.

We have taken into consideration the whistle blower
complaint received by the Company during the year
and provided to us, when performing our audit.
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting
under clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xiii) In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, where applicable, for
all transactions with the related parties and the details
of related party transactions have been disclosed in the
financial statements etc. as required by the applicable
accounting standards.
(xiv) (a)
In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal
audit system commensurate with the size and the
nature of its business.

We have considered the internal audit reports of the
Company issued during the year and draft of the
internal audit reports issued after the balance sheet
date for the period under audit.
(xv) In our opinion during the year the Company has not entered
into any non-cash transaction with any of its directors or
directors of IT s holding company, subsidiary companies,
associate companies or persons connected with such
directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the
Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) (a)
The Company is not required to be registered under
section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of
the Order is not applicable.

The Group does not have any CIC as part of the group
and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of
the Order is not applicable.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses during the
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately
preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of
the Company during the year.
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected
dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board
of Directors and Management plans and based on our
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions,
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date
of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance
sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year
from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is
not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company.
We further state that our reporting is based on the facts
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will
get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) The Company has fully spent the required
amount towards Corporate Social Responsibility
(CSR) and there is no unspent CSR amount for the year
requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to
the Companies Act or special account in compliance with
the provision of sub-section (6) of section 135 of the said
Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx) of the Order
is not applicable for the year.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Partner
Place: New Delhi
(Membership No. 93474)
Date: April 25, 2025
(UDIN: 25093474BMOMBG2377)
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Standalone Balance Sheet
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Notes
Page
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
236,382
174,314
5,858
6,129
4.2
53,575
63,034
Intangible assets
4,828
4,510
Intangible assets under development
5.1
4,018
2,305
Financial assets

Investments
689,459
646,015

Loans

Non-current tax assets (Net)
4,743
5,439
Deferred tax assets (Net)
-
1,124
Other non-current assets
23,945
21,531
Total non-current assets
1,023,680
925,224
Current assets
Inventories
51,230
41,196
Financial assets

Investments
55,604
39,122

Trade receivables
65,377
46,013

11.1
4,557

11.2
3,684

Loans

17,312
19,801
Other current assets
38,103
26,565
Total current assets
232,522
177,624
Total assets
1,256,202
1,102,848
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity

1,572

Other equity
938,895
838,248
Total equity
940,467
839,820
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities

Provisions
1,260
1,448

Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
12,911
-

Other non-current liabilities
33,819
31,616
Total non-current liabilities
48,528
33,741
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
Lease liabilities
Trade payables

1,716
1,592

172,495
144,232
24,434
19,426
Other current liabilities
41,176
39,432
Provisions
14,423
12,066
Current tax liabilities (Net)
12,737
12,030
Total current liabilities
267,207
229,287
Total liabilities
315,735
263,028
Total equity and liabilities
1,256,202
1,102,848
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive Officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Particulars
Notes
Page
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
1,519,001
1,409,326
Other income
47,504
38,548
Total Income (I+II)
1,566,505
1,447,874
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed
24.1
529,271
459,397
Purchases of stock-in-trade
564,340
551,099
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-
trade
24.2
(8,903)
(4,429)
Employee benefits expense
61,370
54,784
Finance costs
1,931
1,932
31,593
30,223
Other expenses
198,240
186,352
Vehicles / dies for own use
(3,169)
(1,888)
Total expenses (IV)
1,374,673
1,277,470
Profit before tax (III - IV)
191,832
170,404
Tax expense
Current tax
38,418
36,311
Deferred tax
13,862
1,999
52,280
38,310
VII Profit for the year (V - VI)
139,552
132,094
VIII Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Re-measurements of the defined benefit plans
14.4
(795)
(453)

(b) Fair value changes on Equity Instruments through other
14.5
1,363
3,429
2,976
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(173)
(288)
Total other comprehensive income for the year (i+ii)
2,688
IX Total comprehensive income for the year (VII + VIII)
139,947
134,782
Earnings per equity share (of ` 5 each)

Basic
443.86
431.08
Diluted
443.86
431.08
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive Officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
Particulars
Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
A. Operating activities
191,832
170,404
Adjustments for
31,593
30,223
Finance costs
1,931
1,932
Interest income
(1,475)
(984)
Dividend income
(524)
(658)
(1,060)
(901)
(43,748)
(36,005)
Unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss
(42)
Operating profit before working capital changes
178,994
164,450
Adjustments for changes in Working Capital:
- (Increase)/decrease in loans (non-current)
-
- (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets (non-current)
(49)
(242)
- (Increase)/decrease in other non-current assets
(174)
2,332
- (Increase)/decrease in inventories
(10,034)
1,642
- (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables
(19,627)
(13,099)
- (Increase)/decrease in advance in the nature of loans (current)
(105)
(30)
- (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets (current)
2,701
1,735
- (Increase)/decrease in other current assets
(11,538)
(8,895)
- Increase/(decrease) in non-current provisions
(172)
- Increase/(decrease) in other non-current liabilities
2,203
5,767
- Increase/(decrease) in trade payables
28,349
28,110
- Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities (current)
5,377
(3,835)
- Increase/(decrease) in current provisions
1,256
1,212
- Increase/(decrease) in other current liabilities
7,602
Cash generated from Operating Activities
177,942
187,227
- Income taxes paid (Net)
(37,818)
(35,557)
Net Cash from Operating Activities
140,124
151,670
B. Investing activities
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment and capital work
in progress
(83,486)
(67,269)
Payments for purchase of intangible assets and intangible assets under
development
(3,845)
(2,808)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Payments for purchase of investment in equity shares of associates
(180)
(800)
Proceeds from sale of debt mutual funds
598,444
619,327
Payments for purchase of debt mutual funds
(612,000)
(657,099)
Payments for purchase of unquoted investments
6.4
(20)
(260)
Particulars
Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Investment in fixed deposits with bank
11.2
(3,650)
-
Interest received
1,472
Dividend received
Net cash from / (used in) investing activities
(102,415)
(106,828)
C. Financing activities
Movement in short term borrowings (Net)
(331)
(11,827)
14.4
(39,300)
(27,187)
Repayment of lease liabilities
(198)
(133)
Interest on lease liabilities
(79)
(52)
Finance costs paid (other than interest on lease liabilities)
(1,578)
(1,420)
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities
(41,486)
(40,619)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
(3,777)
4,223
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
4,557
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
4,557
Cash and cash equivalents comprises:
11.1
-
Balance with banks
11.1
4,557
Other bank balances:
Deposits
11.2
3,650
-
11.2
3,684
Note: The above Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the Indirect Method as set out in Ind AS - 7 Statement of Cash Flows
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive Officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Amount
Balance as at April 01, 2023
1,510
Balance as at March 31, 2024
1,572
-
Balance as at March 31, 2025
1,572
Other equity
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Reserves
Securities
General
Retained
Employee
Welfare
Fund
Scientific
Research
Fund
Equity instrument
Balance as at April 01, 2023
9,153
4,241
29,309
541,980
2,321
2,087
13,219
602,310
-
132,094
-
132,094
Other comprehensive income for the
year, net of income tax
-
(339)
-
3,027
2,688
Total comprehensive income for the
-
131,755
-
3,027
134,782
Payment of dividend
-
(27,187)
-
(27,187)
Security premium net of transaction
cost (refer note 38)
-
128,343
-
128,343
Income from Employee Welfare Fund
-
(201)
-
Expense on Employee Welfare Fund
-
(162)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2024
9,153
132,584
29,309
646,509
2,360
2,087
16,246
838,248
-
139,552
-
139,552
Other comprehensive income for the
year, net of income tax
-
(595)
-
Total comprehensive income for the
-
138,957
-
139,947
Payment of dividend
-
(39,300)
-
(39,300)
Income from Employee Welfare Fund
-
(232)
-
Expense on Employee Welfare Fund
-
(69)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2025
9,153
132,584
29,309
746,003
2,523
2,087
17,236
938,895
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive Officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
As at March 31, 2025
GENERAL INFORMATION
Maruti Suzuki India Limited ( the Company ) is a public
limited company incorporated and domiciled in India, listed
on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National
Stock Exchange (NSE). The address of its registered
office is #1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New
Delhi - 110070. The Company is a subsidiary of Suzuki
Motor Corporation, Japan. The principal activities of the
Company are manufacturing, purchase and sale of motor
vehicles, components and spare parts. The other activities
of the Company comprise facilitation of pre-owned car
sales, fleet management and car financing.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Statement of compliance
The financial statements have been prepared as a going
concern in accordance with the Indian Accounting
Standards ( Ind AS ) prescribed under section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) and other accounting
2.2 Basis of preparation and presentation

The financial statements have been prepared on the
historical cost convention on accrual basis except for
certain financial instruments which are measured at fair
value at the end of each reporting period, as explained in
the accounting policies mentioned below. Historical cost
is generally based on the fair value of the consideration
given in exchange of goods or services.
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
or non-current according to the Company s operating
cycle and other criteria set out in the Act. Based on the
nature of products and the time between the acquisition of
assets for processing and their realisation in cash and cash
equivalents, the Company has ascertained its operating
cycle as twelve months for the purpose of current and
non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
The principal accounting policies are set out below.
2.3. Going concern

The Board of Directors have considered the financial
position of the Company as at March 31, 2025 and the
projected cash flows and financial performance of the
Company for at least twelve months from the date of
approval of these financial statements as well as planned
cost and cash improvement actions, and believe that the
plan for sustained profitability remains on course.

The Board of Directors have taken actions to ensure that
appropriate long-term cash resources are in place at
the date of signing the accounts to fund the Company s
operations.
2.4 Use of estimates and judgements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with Ind AS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amount of
assets, liabilities, income, expenses and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may
differ from the estimates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the
estimates are revised and future periods affected.
In particular, information about significant areas of
estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying
accounting policies that have the most significant effect
on the amounts recognised in the financial statements are
included in the following notes:
2.4.1 Provision for employee benefits
Provision for employee benefits requires that certain
assumptions such as expected future salary increases,
average life expectancy and discount rates etc. are
made in order to determine the amount to be recorded
for retirement benefit obligations. Substantial changes in
the assumed development of any of these variables may
significantly change the Company s retirement benefit
obligations. (refer note 17 (i) and note 32)
2.4.2 Provision for warranty and product recall
The Company creates provision based on historical
warranty claim and product recall experience. In addition,
assumptions on the amounts of potential costs are also
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
included while creating the provisions. The provisions
are regularly adjusted to reflect new information.
[refer note 17 (ii)]
2.4.3 Contingent liabilities: Income taxes and Excise
duty
Income taxes: The Company s tax jurisdiction is in India.
Significant judgements are involved in determining
the provision for income taxes including judgement on
whether tax positions are probable of being sustained in
tax assessments. A tax assessment can involve complex
issues, which can only be resolved over extended time
periods. [refer note 37(A)(iv)]
Excise duty: Litigations comprise complex issues with
material amounts involved and are connected with a high
degree of uncertainty. Such litigations can only be resolved
over extended time periods. [refer note 37(A)(i)]
Accordingly, the assessment of whether an obligation
exists on the balance sheet date as a result of an event in
the past, and whether a future cash outflow is likely and
the obligation can be reliably estimated, largely depends
on estimations by the management.
2.4.4 Provision for litigation / disputes, other
contingent liabilities related to litigation/disputes
The Company faces litigations and claims from various
authorities and parties which are connected with a degree
of uncertainty. Such litigations can only be resolved over
extended time periods. Accordingly, the assessment of
whether an obligation exists on the balance sheet date as
a result of an event in the past, and whether a future cash
outflow is likely and the obligation can be reliably estimated,
largely depends on estimations by the management. [refer
note 17 (iii) and 37(A)(ii), (iii), (v to ix)]
2.4.5. Property, Plant and Equipment - Useful economic
life
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant
proportion of the asset base of the Company. The
charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived after
determining an estimate of an asset s expected useful life
and the expected residual value at the end of its life. The
useful lives and residual values of Company s assets are
determined by the management at the time the asset is
acquired and reviewed periodically, including at least at
each financial year end. (refer note 4)
2.4.6. Leases
Ind AS 116 - Leases requires lessees to determine the lease
term as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with
any option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of
such option is reasonably certain. The Company makes
an assessment on the expected lease term on a lease-
by-lease basis. In evaluating the lease term, the Company
considers factors such as any significant leasehold
improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance
of the underlying asset to the Company s operations taking
into account the location of the underlying asset and the
availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future
periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects
the current economic circumstances. (refer note 35)
2.5. Revenue recognition
The Company recognises revenue when the amount of
revenue and its related cost can be reliably measured and
IT is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the
entity and degree of managerial involvement associated
with ownership or effective control have been met for each
of the Company s activities as described below. Amounts
disclosed as revenue are net of returns, discounts, sales
incentives, goods and services tax.
2.5.1 Sale of products
Revenue from contract with customers for domestic and
export sales of vehicles, spare parts, dies and moulds,
components and accessories is measured at the amount
of transaction price (net of variable consideration) on
satisfaction of its performance obligation. The performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the
promised goods to its customer which takes place upon
dispatch of the aforesaid goods from the factory/port.
The transaction price of goods sold is net of variable
consideration on account of discounts and incentives as
per contract/scheme bulletins.
2.5.2 Other operating revenues
2.5.2.1 Income from services
Income from engineering services are recognised as the
related services are performed. Income from extended
warranty is recognised as income over the relevant period
of extended warranty. Income from other services are
accounted over the period of rendering of services.
Income from services include certain performance
obligations that are satisfied over a period of time.
Any amount received in advance in respect of such
performance obligations that are satisfied over a period
of time is recorded as a contract liability and recorded as
revenue when service is rendered to customers.
2.5.2.2 Sale of scrap
Revenue from sale of scrap is measured at the amount
of transaction price when the performance obligation is
satisfied by transferring control of the scrap which takes
place upon dispatch of the aforesaid scrap from the factory.
2.5.2.3 Recovery of freight and service charges
The Company arranges transportation at the time of
dispatch of products and invoices IT to customers including
for service charge and accordingly recognises IT as revenue
when the performance obligation is satisfied which takes
place upon arrangement of transportation and dispatch of
goods by the Company.
2.5.2.4 Income from royalty
Revenue from royalty is recognised on an accrual
basis in accordance with the substance of the
relevant arrangements.
2.6. Other Income
Dividend is recognised when the Company s right to
receive the payment is established, IT is probable that the
economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow
to the Company and the amount of the dividend can be
measured reliably.
Interest income from a financial asset is recognised
when IT is probable that the economic benefits will flow
to the Company and the amount of income can be
measured reliably.
2.7. Leases
2.7.1. The Company as lessor
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified
as operating leases.
Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are
recognised as receivables at the amount of the Company s
net investment in the leases. Finance lease income is
allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
periodic rate of return on the Company s net investment
outstanding in respect of the leases. When the Company
is an intermediate lessor, IT accounts for its interests in the
head lease and the sublease separately. The sublease is
classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to
the right of-use asset arising from the head lease.
Rental income from operating leases is recognised on
a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
Where the rentals are structured solely to increase in line
with expected general inflation to compensate for the
Company s expected inflationary cost increases, such
increases are recognised in the reporting period in which
such benefits accrue.
The Company did not make any adjustments to the
accounting for assets held as a lessor as a result of
adopting the new lease standard.
2.7.2. The Company as lessee
The Company assesses whether a contract contains
a lease, at inception of a contract. At the date of
commencement of the lease, the Company recognises
a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability for
all lease arrangements in which IT is a lessee, except for
leases with a term of twelve months or less (short-term
leases) and low value leases. For these short-term and low
value leases, the Company recognises the lease payments
as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the
term of the lease.
Right-of-use asset are measured at cost comprising
the following:
-
the amount of initial measurement of liability
-
any lease payments made at or before the
commencement date less the incentives received
-
any initial direct costs, and
-
restoration costs
They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses.
Right-of-use asset are depreciated over the shorter of
asset s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line
basis. Right of use assets are evaluated for recoverability
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Lease liabilities measured at amortised cost include the
net present value of the following lease payments:
-
fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
payments), less any lease incentives receivable
-
variable lease payment that are based on an index or
a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
the commencement date
-
amounts expected to be payable by the Company
under residual value guarantees
-
the exercise price of purchase option if the Company
is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
-
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the
lease term reflects the Company exercising the option.
Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain
extension options are also included in the measurement of
the liability. The lease payments are discounted using the
rate of interest implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
readily determined, which is generally the case for leases
in the Company, the lessee s incremental borrowing rate
is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would
have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain
an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in the
similar economic environment with similar terms, security
and conditions.
The Company accounts for each lease component
within the contract as a lease separately from non-lease
components of the contract in accordance with Ind AS 116
- Leases and allocates the consideration in the contract to
each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-
alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
stand-alone price of the non-lease components.
Lease payments are apportioned between finance
expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as
to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining
balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised
immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss, unless
they are directly attributable to qualifying assets. Variable
lease payments are recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss in the reporting period in which the condition that
triggers those payments that occur.
2.8. Foreign currencies
2.8.1 Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements are measured
using the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates ( the functional currency ). The
financial statements are presented in Indian rupee (`), which
is the Company s functional and presentation currency.
2.8.2 Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the
functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates
of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange
rates are generally recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to
qualifying cash flow hedges.
2.9. Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition,
construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time
to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are
substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
Interest income earned on the temporary investment of
surplus funds out of specific borrowings pending their
expenditure on qualifying assets are deducted from the
borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss in the period in which they are incurred.
2.10. Employee benefits
2.10.1 Short-term obligations
Liabilities for wages and salaries including non-monetary
benefits that are expected to be settled within the operating
cycle after the end of the period in which the employees
render the related services are recognised in the period in
which the related services are rendered and are measured
at the undiscounted amount expected to be paid.
2.10.2 Other long-term employee benefit obligations
Liabilities for leave encashment and compensated
absences which are not expected to be settled wholly
within the operating cycle after the end of the period
in which the employees render the related service are
measured at the present value of the estimated future
cash outflows using the projected unit credit method. The
benefits are discounted using the market yields at the end
of the reporting period on Government bonds that have
terms approximating to the terms of the related obligation.
Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments
and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in
2.10.3 Post-employment obligations

Defined benefit plans
The Company has defined benefit plans namely gratuity,
provident fund and retirement allowance for employees.
The gratuity fund and provident fund are recognised by
the income tax authorities and are administered through
trusts set up by the Company. Any shortfall in the size of
the fund maintained by the trust is additionally provided
for in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
The liability or asset recognised in the balance sheet in
respect of gratuity plans is the present value of the defined
benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less
the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation
is calculated annually by actuaries using the projected
unit credit method.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation is
determined by discounting the estimated future cash
outflows by reference to market yields at the end of the
reporting period on government bonds that have terms
approximating to the terms of the related obligation.
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the
discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit
obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is
included in employee benefit expense in the Statement of
Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are
recognised in the reporting period in which they occur,
directly in other comprehensive income. They are included
in retained earnings in the Statement of Changes in Equity
and in the balance sheet.
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit
obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments
are recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit and
Loss as past service cost.

The Company has defined contribution plans for post-
employment benefit namely the superannuation fund
which is recognised by the income tax authorities. This
fund is administered through a trust set up by the Company
and the Company s contribution thereto is charged to the
Statement of Profit and Loss every year. The Company
has no further payment obligations once the contributions
have been paid.
The Company also maintains an insurance policy to fund a
post-employment medical assistance scheme, which is a
defined contribution plan. The Company s contribution to
State Plans namely Employees State Insurance Fund and
Employees Pension Scheme are charged to the Statement
of Profit and Loss every year.

Termination benefits

A liability for the termination benefit is recognised at the
earlier of when the Company can no longer withdraw the
offer of the termination benefit and when the Company
recognises any related restructuring costs.
2.11. Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently
payable and deferred tax.
2.11.1. Current tax
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for
the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax as
reported in the Statement of Profit and Loss because of
items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in
other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
The Company s current tax is calculated using tax rates
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
end of the reporting period.
2.11.2. Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases
used in the computation of taxable profits. Deferred
tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all
deductible temporary differences and incurred tax losses
to the extent that IT is probable that taxable profits will
be available against which those deductible temporary
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and
liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that
affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed
at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that IT is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax
rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates
(and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the end of the reporting period.
The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets
reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the
reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
of its assets and liabilities.
2.11.3 Current and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax are recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss, except when they relate to items
that are recognised in other comprehensive income or
directly in equity, in which case, the income taxes are also
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity respectively.
2.12 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of
acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation
less accumulated impairment, if any. Cost represents
direct expenses incurred on acquisition or construction
of the assets and the share of indirect expenses directly
attributable to construction, allocated in proportion to the
direct cost involved. Freehold land is measured at cost and
is not depreciated.
Such assets are classified to the appropriate categories of
property, plant and equipment when completed and ready
for intended use.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset s carrying
amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
only when IT is probable that future economic benefits
associated with the item will flow to the Company and the
cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying
amount of any component accounted for as a separate
asset is derecognised when replaced. Other repairs
and maintenance of revenue nature are charged to the
Statement of Profit and Loss during the reporting period
in which they are incurred.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised
upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
are expected to arise from continued use of asset. Any
gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an
item of property, plant and equipment is determined
as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
carrying amount of asset and recognised in Statement of

Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and
residual value
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
on a pro-rata basis from the commissioning month in which
each asset is ready for intended use to allocate their cost,
net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives.
Estimated useful life of assets are as follows which is based
on technical evaluation of the useful lives of the assets:
Particulars
Useful Life
Building
3-60 years
Plant and machinery (other than Solar
modules and structure and Dies and Jigs)
8 years
Solar modules and structure
25 years
Dies and jigs
Electronic data processing equipment
Furniture and fixtures
10 years
Office appliances
Railway Sidings
15 years
Vehicles
2-10 years
The assets residual values, estimated useful lives and
depreciation method are reviewed at least at each financial
year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate
accounted for on a prospective basis.
All assets, the individual written down value of which at the
beginning of the year is ` 5,000 or less, are depreciated
at the rate of 100%. Assets purchased during the year
costing ` 5,000 or less are depreciated at the rate of 100%.
Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing
proceeds with carrying amount and are credited / debited
to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Freehold land and Leasehold land in the nature of perpetual
lease is not amortised.
2.13. Intangible assets
2.13.1 Intangible assets acquired separately
Lump sum royalty, computer software and engineering
support fee are stated at cost less accumulated
amortisation and impairment. Intangible assets are
amortised over their respective individual estimated useful
lives on a straight-line basis, from the date that they are
available for use. Amortisation methods and useful lives
are reviewed periodically at least at each financial year end.
2.13.2 Amortisation methods and useful lives
Intangible assets are amortised on a Straight Line basis
over the estimated useful economic life in the Statement
of Profit and Loss. The estimated useful life of intangible
assets i.e. Software, Lump sum royalty and Engineering
support fee has been estimated as of five years. The
amortisation period and the amortisation method for an
intangible asset is reviewed at the end of each financial
year. If any of these expectations differ from previous
estimates, such change is accounted for as a change in an
accounting estimate. An intangible asset is derecognised
when no future economic benefits are expected from use.
2.14 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews
the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to
determine whether there is any indication that those assets
have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in
order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs
of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future
cash flows have not been adjusted.
2.15. Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, determined on
the weighted average basis and net realisable value.
The cost of finished goods and work in progress
comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
and appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead
expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of
normal operating capacity. Cost of inventories also include
all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
present location and condition. Costs of purchased
inventory are determined after deducting rebates and
discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling
price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary
to make the sale.
Machinery spares (other than those supplied along with
main plant and machinery, which are capitalised and
depreciated accordingly) are charged to the Statement
of Profit and Loss on consumption except those valued at
` 5,000 or less individually, which are charged to revenue
in the year of purchase.
2.16 Provisions and contingencies
Provisions: Provisions are recognised when there is
a present obligation as a result of a past event and IT
is probable that an outflow of resources embodying
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
and there is a reliable estimate of the amount of the
obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the
expected future cash flows at a pre tax rate that reflects
current market assessment of the time value of money and
the risks specific to the liability.
Contingent Liabilities: Contingent liabilities are disclosed
when there is a possible obligation arising from past
events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by the
occurrence or non occurrence of one or more uncertain
future events not wholly within the control of the Company
or a present obligation that arises from past events where
IT is either not probable that an outflow of resources will
be required to settle or a reliable estimate of the amount
cannot be made.

2.17. Financial instruments
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a
financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial
liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a
party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
instruments (other than financial assets and financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to
or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of
financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss are recognised immediately in the Statement
of Profit and Loss. Subsequently, financial instruments
are measured according to the category in which they
are classified.
2.18. Financial assets
All purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised
and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way
purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured
in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value,
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
2.18.1 Classification of financial assets
Classification of financial assets depends on the nature
and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at
the time of initial recognition.
The Company classifies its financial assets in the following
measurement categories:

Those to be measured subsequently at fair value
(either through other comprehensive income, or
through profit or loss), and

Those measured at amortised cost
The classification depends on the Company s business
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
terms of the cash flows.

A financial asset that meets the following two conditions
is measured at amortised cost unless the asset is
designated at fair value through profit or loss under the
fair value option:

Business model test: the objective of the Company s
business model is to hold the financial asset to collect
the contractual cash flows.

Cash flow characteristic test: the contractual
term of the financial asset give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding.

A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
unless the asset is designated at fair value through profit
or loss under the fair value option:

Business model test: the financial asset is held
within a business model whose objective is
achieved by both collecting cash flows and selling
financial assets.

Cash flow characteristic test: the contractual term
of the financial asset gives rise on specified dates to
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
All other financial assets are measured at fair value through
2.18.2 Investments in equity instrument at fair value
through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
On initial recognition, the Company can make an
irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis)
to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other
comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity
instrument. This election is not permitted if the equity
instrument is held for trading. These elected investments
are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains
/ losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in
other comprehensive income. This cumulative gain or loss
is not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss on
disposal of the investments.
The Company has equity investments in certain entities
which are not held for trading. The Company has elected
the fair value through other comprehensive income
irrevocable option for all such investments. Dividend on
these investments are recognised in the Statement of
2.18.3 Equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures
Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures are carried at cost less any
provision for impairment. Investments are reviewed for
impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
2.18.4 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(FVTPL)
Investment in equity instrument are classified at fair value
through profit or loss, unless the Company irrevocably
elects on initial recognition to present subsequent changes
in fair value in other comprehensive income for investments
in equity instruments which are not held for trading.
Financial assets that do not meet the amortised cost
criteria or fair value through other comprehensive income
criteria are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A
financial asset that meets the amortised cost criteria or fair
value through other comprehensive income criteria may be
designated as at fair value through profit or loss upon initial
recognition if such designation eliminates or significantly
reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
that would arise from measuring assets and liabilities or
recognising the gains or losses on them on different bases.
Investments in debt based mutual funds are measured at
fair value through profit or loss.
Financial assets which are fair valued through profit or loss
are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
period, with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.18.5 Cash and cash equivalents
In the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash
equivalents include cash in hand, cheques and drafts in
hand, balances with bank and deposits held at call with
financial institutions, short-term highly liquid investments
with original maturities of three months or less that
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
value. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in
current liabilities in the balance sheet and forms part of
financing activities in the Statement of Cash Flows. Book
overdraft are shown within other financial liabilities in the
balance sheet and forms part of operating activities in the
Statement of Cash Flows.
2.18.6 Impairment of financial assets
The Company assesses impairment based on expected
credit losses (ECL) model to the following:

financial assets measured at amortised cost

financial assets measured at fair value through other
Expected credit loss are measured through a loss
allowance at an amount equal to:

the twelve month expected credit losses (expected
credit losses that result from those default events
on the financial instruments that are possible within
twelve months after the reporting date); or

full life time expected credit losses (expected credit
losses that result from all possible default events over
the life of the financial instrument).
For trade receivables or any contractual right to
receive cash or another financial asset that result from
transactions that are within the scope of Ind AS 115 -
Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the Company
always measures the loss allowance at an amount equal
to lifetime expected credit losses.
2.18.7 Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset is derecognised only when

The Company has transferred the rights to receive
cash flows from the financial asset or

Retains the contractual rights to receive the
cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one
or more recipients.
2.18.8 Foreign exchange gains and losses
The fair value of financial assets denominated in a
and translated at the exchange rate at the end of each
reporting period. For foreign currency denominated
financial assets measured at amortised cost or fair
value through profit or loss the exchange differences are
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss except
for those which are designated as hedge instrument in
a hedging relationship. Further change in the carrying
amount of investments in equity instruments at fair
value through other comprehensive income relating to
changes in foreign currency rates are recognised in other
comprehensive income.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
2.19 Financial liabilities and equity instruments
2.19.1 Classification of debt or equity
Debt or equity instruments issued by the Company
are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity
in accordance with the substance of the contractual
arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and
an equity instrument.
2.19.2. Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a
residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the
Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
direct issue costs.
2.19.3. Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest rate method or
at fair value through profit or loss.
2.19.3.1 Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods
or services provided to the Company prior to the end of
financial year which are unpaid.
2.19.3.2. Borrowings
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of
transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the
proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
amount is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
over the period of the borrowings using the effective
interest rate method.
Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying
amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
or transferred to another party and the consideration paid,
including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
assumed, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.19.3.3 Foreign exchange gains or losses
For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign
currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end
of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and
losses are determined based on the amortised cost of
the instruments and are recognised in the Statement of
The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a
and translated at the exchange rate at the end of the
reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured
as at fair value through profit or loss, the foreign exchange
component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.19.3.4. Lease liabilities
The lease liability is initially measured at amortised
cost at the present value of the future lease payments.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest
rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable,
using the incremental borrowing rates. Lease liabilities
are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the
related right of use asset if the Company changes its
assessment if whether IT will exercise an extension or a
termination option.
2.19.3.5 Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and
only when, the Company s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or have expired.
2.20 Derivative financial instruments
The Company enters into foreign exchange forward
contracts and certain other derivative financial instruments
to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate risks
and commodity price risks. Further details of derivative
financial instruments are disclosed in note 33.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the
date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of
each reporting period. Derivatives are carried as financial
assets when the fair value is positive and as financial
liabilities when the fair value is negative. The resulting
gain or loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and
Loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and
effective as a hedging instrument which is recognised in
other comprehensive income (net of tax) and presented as
a separate component of equity which is later reclassified
to profit or loss when the hedge item affects profit or loss.
2.20.1. Embedded derivatives
Derivatives embedded in a host contract that is an asset
within the scope of Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments are
not separated. Financial assets with embedded derivatives
are considered in their entirety when determining whether
their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
Derivatives embedded in all other host contract are
separated only if the economic characteristics and
risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related
to the economic characteristics and risks of the host
and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Embedded derivatives closely related to the host contracts
are not separated.
2.21. Hedge accounting
The Company designates certain hedging instruments, in
respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges
or cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on
firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the entity
documents the relationship between the hedging
instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk
management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception
of the hedge and on an on-going basis, the Company
documents whether the hedging instrument is highly
effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows
of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.
Changes in the fair value of these contracts that are
designated and effective as hedges of future cash flows
are recognised in other comprehensive income (net of tax)
and the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in
the Statement of Profit and Loss. Amount accumulated in
equity are reclassified to the profit or loss in the periods in
which the forecasted transaction occurs.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging
instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised,
or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. For forecast
transactions, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging
instrument recognised in other equity is retained there until
the forecast transaction occurs.
Note 33 sets out details of the fair values of the derivative
instruments used for hedging purposes.
2.22. Offsetting Financial Instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net
amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
enforceable right must not be contingent on future events
and must be enforceable in the normal course of business
and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the
Company or the counterparty.
2.23. Government Grant
Government grants are recognised where there is
reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and the grants
will be received.
Government grants are recognised in the Statement of
Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
which the Company recognises as expense the related
cost for which the grants are intended to compensate.
Government grants related to assets is presented in the
balance sheet by setting up the grant as deferred income.
The grant set up as deferred income is recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over
the useful life of the asset.
2.24. Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share has been computed by dividing
the net income by the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share
has been computed using the weighted average number
of shares and diluted potential shares, except where the
result would be anti-dilutive.
2.25. Dividends
Final dividends on shares are recorded on the date of
approval by the shareholders of the Company.
2.26. Royalty
The Company pays / accrues for royalty in accordance
with the relevant licence agreements.
2.27. Business combinations
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted
for using the acquisition method. Acquisition related costs
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as
incurred. The acquiree s identifiable assets, liabilities and
contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition
are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date,
except certain assets and liabilities that are required to be
measured as per the applicable standard.
Purchase consideration in excess of the Company s
interest in the acquiree s net fair value of identifiable
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is recognised
as goodwill. Excess of the Company s interest in the net
fair value of the acquiree s identifiable assets, liabilities and
contingent liabilities over the purchase consideration is
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
recognised, after reassessment of fair value of net assets
acquired, in the Capital Reserve.

Common control
A business combination involving entities or businesses
under common control is a business combination in which
all of the combining entities or businesses are ultimately
controlled by the same party or parties both before
and after the business combination and the control is
not transitory.
Business combinations involving entities under common
control are accounted for using the pooling of interests
method. The net assets of the transferor entity or business
are accounted at their carrying amounts on the date
of the acquisition subject to necessary adjustments
required to harmonise accounting policies. Any excess or
shortfall of the consideration paid over the share capital
of transferor entity or business is recognised as capital
reserve under equity.
2.28 Rounding off amounts
All amounts disclosed in the financial statements and
the accompanying notes have been rounded off to the
nearest million as per the requirement of Schedule III of the
Companies Act 2013, unless otherwise stated.
APPLICABILITY OF NEW AND REVISED IND AS
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) notifies new
standards or amendments to the existing standards
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules
as issued from time to time. For the year ended March 31,
2025, MCA has notified Ind AS - 117 Insurance Contracts
and amendments to Ind AS 116 - Leases, relating to sale
and leaseback transactions, applicable to the Company
w.e.f April 1, 2024. The Company has reviewed the
new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has
determined that IT does not have any significant impact on
the standalone financial statements.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024

Freehold Land
63,100
62,773

Buildings
45,025
22,208

Railway Siding

Plant and Machinery
120,955
83,343

Electronic Data Processing (EDP) Equipment
1,422
1,041

Furniture, Fixtures and Office Appliances
1,970
1,854

Vehicles
3,077
2,408
236,382
174,314
Freehold
Land
Buildings
Railway
Siding
Plant and
Machinery
EDP
Equipment
Furniture,
Fixtures
and Office
Appliances
Vehicles
Total
Balance at April 1, 2023
61,754
31,722
261,672
3,673
4,836
2,817
367,201
Additions
2,777
29,607
1,223
36,176
Disposal / adjustments*
(157)
-
(3,325)
(155)
(45)
(735)
(4,322)
Balance at March 31, 2024
62,773
34,342
287,954
4,441
5,500
3,305
399,055
Additions
24,984
62,749
1,227
1,978
92,265
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(36)
-
(3,074)
(518)
(199)
(749)
(4,576)
Balance at March 31, 2025
63,100
59,290
347,629
5,150
6,103
4,534
486,744
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at April 1, 2023
-
10,995
182,817
2,863
3,095
200,535
Depreciation expenses
-
1,253
24,862
27,835
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(114)
-
(3,068)
(154)
(42)
(251)
(3,629)
Balance at March 31, 2024
-
12,134
204,611
3,400
3,646
224,741
Depreciation expenses
-
2,138
24,844
29,466
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(7)
-
(2,781)
(518)
(185)
(354)
(3,845)
Balance at March 31, 2025
-
14,265
226,674
3,728
4,133
1,457
250,362
Carrying amount
Balance at April 1, 2023
61,754
20,727
78,855
1,741
2,056
166,666
Additions
2,777
29,607
1,223
36,176
Disposal / adjustments*
(43)
-
(257)
(1)
(3)
(484)
(693)
Depreciation expenses
-
(1,253)
(49)
(24,862)
(691)
(593)
(387)
(27,835)
Balance at March 31, 2024
62,773
22,208
83,343
1,041
1,854
2,408
174,314
Additions
24,984
62,749
1,227
1,978
92,265
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(29)
-
(293)
-
(14)
(395)
(731)
Depreciation expenses
-
(2,138)
(52)
(24,844)
(846)
(672)
(914)
(29,466)
Balance at March 31, 2025
63,100
45,025
120,955
1,422
1,970
3,077
236,382
* Adjustment includes the intra-head re-grouping of amounts.
Notes on property, plant and equipment
Plant and Machinery includes a Gas Turbine jointly owned by the Company with its group companies and other companies
having carrying amount as at March 31, 2025 is Nil (as at March 31, 2024 is Nil).
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
A part of freehold land of the Company situated at Gurugram, Manesar, Kharkhoda and in the state of Gujarat has been made
available to its group companies / fellow subsidiaries for their business purpose.
The Company has been availing benefit under Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme and has recognised non-
creditable taxes as cost of property, plant and equipment and capital work-in-progress (refer note 41).
The Company had not revalued its property, plant and equipment during the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
Refer note 4.3.
4.1 (A) List of immovable properties not yet registered in the name of the Company
As at March 31, 2025
Relevant line
Balance
Description
of item of

Carrying
Value
as at
March
31, 2025
Title deeds
Whether
Property
Reasons for not being held in the name of
Whether
Plant and
Equipment-
Land
Land for
factory
in IMT
Haryana
21,312
Government of
Haryana
No
The Company has been allotted the
land through Regular Letter of Allotment
(RLA) and is in possession and is an
occupant of this land. As per the terms
of RLA, the conveyance deed was to
be executed in 2 years from the date of
possession. Subsequently, the Company
was granted an extension for execution of
the conveyance deed until May 15, 2025
and the Company intends to execute the
conveyance deed within the stipulated
timelines.
No
Plant and
Equipment-
Buildings
3 residential
flats in
Ranchi
Excel Venture
construction
/ Jharkhand
State Housing
Board
No
April 1,
There is an ongoing litigation between
Excel Venture Construction Private
Limited (Builder) and Jharkhand State
Housing Board (JHB) with respect to
percentage ownership of the project as
land is owned by JHB and construction
was done by the builder. As informed to
us by the management, the registration
is pending on account of the aforesaid
litigation.
Yes
As at March 31, 2024
Relevant line
Balance
Description
of item of
Carrying
Value
as at
March
31, 2024
Title deeds
Whether
Property
Reasons for not being held in the name of
Whether
Plant and
Equipment-
Land
Land for
factory
in IMT
Haryana
21,312
Government of
Haryana
No
MSIL has been allotted the land through
Regular Letter of Allotment (RLA) and is
in possession and occupation of the land.
As per terms of RLA conveyance deed
can be executed in 2 years from date
of possession, however on account of
certain pendency at the end of HSIIDC,
MSIL has made a request to HSIIDC in
the month of April 2024, for extension of
period for execution of conveyance deed
up to May 2025.
No
Plant and
Equipment-
Buildings
3 residential
flats in
Ranchi
Excel Venture
construction
/ Jharkhand
State Housing
Board
No
April 1,
There is an ongoing litigation between
Excel Venture Construction Private
Limited (Builder) and Jharkhand State
Housing Board (JHB) with respect to
percentage ownership of the project as
land is owned by JHB and construction
was done by the builder. As informed to
us by the management, the registration
is pending on account of the aforesaid
litigation.
Yes
Right-of-use
Assets-
Buildings
(refer note
35)
4 residential
flats located
at Mundra
Port
Adani Ports
and Special
Economic
Zone Limited
(APSEZL)
No
June 8,
The Company is in possession and is
an occupant of these flats, however, the
lease agreement is yet to be executed
by APSEZL. Required discussions
and documentation with APSEZL for
execution of the lease agreement
have been completed. Execution and
registration of lease agreement will be
done in the FY 24-25.
No
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
4.1 (B) List of title deeds of immovable properties where title is under dispute
As at March 31, 2025
Relevant
line
Balance
Description of item of

Carrying
Value as
at March
31, 2025
Title deeds
Whether
Property
Remarks
Whether
Plant and
Equipment-
Land
147, 149 and 203, Village
Ughrojpura and Survey no.
501 and 497p, Village Ukardi,
Gujarat of 56.63 acres
Maruti Suzuki
(Refer to
remarks)
No
The Company has
acquired lands for
expansion activities where
there are title disputes,
which are sub judice in
Civil Court/ with Revenue
authorities and Hon ble
High Court of Gujarat.
Yes
Survey no. 144, 145 and 159,
Village Ughrojpura, Gujarat of
12.75 acres
November
18, 2013
Survey no. 137, 142 and 261,
Village Ughrojpura, Gujarat of
16.50 acres
As at March 31, 2024
Relevant
line
Balance
Description of item of
Carrying
Value as
at March
31, 2024
Title deeds
Whether
Property
Remarks
Whether
Plant and
Equipment-
Land
147, 149 and 203, Village
Ughrojpura and Survey no.
501 and 497p, Village Ukardi,
Gujarat of 56.63 acres
Maruti Suzuki
(Refer to
remarks)
No
The Company has
acquired lands for
expansion activities where
there are title disputes,
which are sub judice in
Civil Court/ with Revenue
authorities and Hon ble
High Court of Gujarat.
Yes
Survey no. 144, 145 and 159,
Village Ughrojpura, Gujarat of
12.75 acres
November
18, 2013
Survey no. 137, 142 and 261,
Village Ughrojpura, Gujarat of
16.50 acres
4.2. CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
63,034
28,081
Addition during the year /adjustments
80,879
69,759
Transferred to property, plant and equipment

(90,338)
(34,806)
Balance as at the end of year
53,575
63,034
Note
1.
The Company has been availing benefit under Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme and has
recognised non-creditable taxes as cost of property, plant and equipment and capital work-in-progress (refer note 41)
2.
Refer note 4.3
Capital work-in-progress ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
43,096
9,299
53,575
Projects temporarily suspended
-
Total
43,096
9,299
53,575
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
Buildings
1,305
-
1,305
Plant and Machinery
-
Total
1,941
-
2,179
Capital work-in-progress ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
58,645
3,625
63,034
Projects temporarily suspended
-
Total
58,645
3,625
63,034
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
Buildings
1,691
-
1,710
Plant and Machinery
1,810
-
2,452
Total
3,501
-
4,162
Note: There were no projects which had exceeded its cost compared to its original plan.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
4.3 Project and pre-operative expenses pending allocation
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Opening balance of pre-operative expenses included in capital work-in-progress
-
Add: Expenses incurred during the year
2,167
Power and fuel
Other miscellaneous expenses
Total expenditure for the year
2,933
Less: Allocated to property, plant and equipment

2,646
-
Closing balance of pre-operative expenses included in capital work in progress
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Software
1,726
1,137
Lumpsum royalty and engineering support fee
3,102
3,373
4,828
4,510
Software
Lumpsum royalty
Total
Balance at April 1, 2023
15,769
16,599
Additions / transfer
1,199
Adjustment
-
Balance at March 31, 2024
1,432
16,366
17,798
Additions / transfer

1,148
2,132
Adjustment
-
Balance at March 31, 2025
2,416
17,514
19,930
Accumulated amortisation
Balance at April 1, 2023
11,012
11,120
Amortisation expenses
1,981
2,168
Balance at March 31, 2024
12,993
13,288
Amortisation expenses
1,419
1,814
Balance at March 31, 2025
14,412
15,102
Carrying amount
Balance at April 1, 2023
4,757
5,479
Additions / transfer

1,199
Amortisation expenses

(187)
(1,981)
(2,168)
Balance at March 31, 2024
1,137
3,373
4,510
Additions / transfer

1,148
2,132
Amortisation expenses
(395)
(1,419)
(1,814)
Balance at March 31, 2025
1,726
3,102
4,828
Notes on Intangible assets
The Company had not revalued its intangible assets during the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
Intangible assets are amortised on straight line basis over their estimated useful life of 5 years.
Refer note 5.1
5.1 Intangible assets under development
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
2,305
3,845
2,615
Transferred to intangible assets
(2,132)
(1,199)
4,018
2,305
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
3,517
-
4,018
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
1,924
-
2,305
Note: There were no projects in respect of which completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan.
INVESTMENTS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current
Investments in equity instruments
- Subsidiary companies
128,706
- Associate companies
4,100
3,920
- Joint venture companies
- Others
20,317
18,935
Investment in preference shares
-
535,963
494,081
689,459
646,015
Current
55,604
39,122
55,604
39,122
Aggregate value of unquoted investments
727,121
668,288
Aggregate value of quoted investments
17,992
16,899
Market value of quoted investments
20,690
21,515
Aggregate impairment in value of investments
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
6.1 Investments in subsidiaries
Break-up of investment in subsidiaries (carrying amount at cost)
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
8,800,000
50,000
(Face value of ` 10 each) (refer note 38)
12,841,107,500
128,411
12,841,107,500
128,411
Total aggregate unquoted investments
128,706
6.2 Investments in associates
Break-up of investment in associates (carrying amount at cost)
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Bharat Seats Limited*
9,300,000
4,650,000
31,700,000
941,700
Total aggregate quoted investments (A)
Aggregate market value of quoted investments
2,724
4,642
*Increase in number of shares is on account of issue of bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1.
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
2,500,000
518,700
670,000
2,645,000
125,000
4,437,465
Bellsonica Auto Components India Private Limited
8,340,000
6,540,000
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
44,100,000
6,840,000
751,643
253,817,200
2,538
253,817,200
2,538
Total aggregate unquoted investments (B)
4,074
3,894
Total investments carrying value (A) + (B)
4,100
3,920
6.3 Investments in joint ventures
Break-up of investment in joint ventures (carrying amount at cost)
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy
Manufacturing India Private Limited
6,656,000
8,550,000
22,050,000
Total aggregate unquoted investments
Details of significant investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
Relationship
Country of
incorporation/
Place
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Subsidiary
India
100.00

Subsidiary
India
100.00

Subsidiary
India
100.00
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India

Joint Venture
India
26.00
Joint Venture
India
19.00
Joint Venture
India
50.00
Associate
India
14.81
Associate
India
29.28
Associate
India
15.35

Associate
India
25.00
Associate
India
39.00

Associate
India
15.79
Associate
India
37.03
Associate
India
10.00
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Relationship
Country of
incorporation/
Place
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Associate
India
44.37
Associate
India
30.00
Associate
India
49.00
Associate
India
11.83
Associate
India
46.26
Associate
India
28.87
30.37
6.4 Other equity instruments Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Asahi India Glass Limited
26,995,200
16,256
26,995,200
14,445
JTEKT India Limited
13,800,000
1,710
13,800,000
2,428
Total aggregate quoted investments (i)
17,966
16,873
Denso India Private Limited
2,862,758
Haryana Orbital Rail Corporation Limited
156,000,000
1,777
156,000,000
1,560
Sociograph Solutions Private Limited
2,106
Amlgo Labs Private Limited
-
Total aggregate unquoted investments (ii)
2,350
2,061
Investment in equity shares of Section 8
International Automobile Centre of Excellence
100,000
Investment in equity shares of Section 8
Company (iii)

Investments in other equity instruments [i+ii+iii]
20,317
18,935
6.5 Investment in unquoted preference shares
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Western Paques (India) Limited
500,000
Less: Impairment in value of investments

(50)
Total investment in unquoted preference shares
-
6.6 Investments in unquoted debt mutual funds*
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Current
Non Current
Current
Non Current
Fixed term debt maturity plans
-
4,099
-
3,786
Open ended debt schemes
55,604
531,864
39,122
490,295
Total investments in unquoted debt mutual funds
55,604
535,963
39,122
494,081
* Includes debt mutual funds for Employee Welfare Fund as at March 31, 2025: ` 3,001 million (as at March 31, 2024: `
2,783 million)
Note: Refer above for disclosure required under section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013.
7 LOANS (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non Current
Inter corporate deposits- significant increase in credit risk
-
Allowance for doubtful inter corporate deposits
-
(125)
Others
Current
Advances to employees (in the nature of loans)
TRADE RECEIVABLES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Unsecured - considered good*
65,377
46,013

- significant increase in credit risk
Allowance for doubtful debts
(24)
65,377
46,013
*Includes recoverable from related parties (refer note 34)
21,060
10,768
8.1 The credit risk to the Company is limited since most of the sales are made against advances or bank guarantees /
letter of credit from banks of national standing. The credit period generally allowed on domestic sales varies from 18
to 60 days (excluding transit period). The credit period on export sales varies on case to case basis, based on market
conditions.
8.2 Trade Receivables ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025

Particulars
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
Undisputed Trade receivables -considered good
64,311
65,377
Disputed Trade Receivables -which have significant
-
Sub-total
64,311
65,401
(24)
Total

65,377
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Trade Receivables ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
Particulars
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
Undisputed Trade receivables -considered good
45,167
46,013
Disputed Trade Receivables -which have significant
-
Sub-total
45,167
46,037
(24)
Total

46,013
OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current
Security deposits
Others
Current
Interest accrued - unsecured
Fixed deposits with banks (Original maturity of more than 12 months and having remaining
maturity of less than 12 months)
6,050
-
Recoverable from related parties (refer note 34)
9,572
18,967
1,571

Less: allowance for doubtful assets
(28)
Financial assets carried at fair value

Foreign currency / commodity derivatives and forward contract not qualifying or not
designated in hedge accounting relationships
17,312
19,801
10. INVENTORIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Inventories (lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw materials
14,652
13,936
Work-in-progress
3,036
2,395
Finished goods
Vehicle
12,207
8,448
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Traded goods
Vehicle
8,206
4,925
6,676
5,419
4,212
3,857
Loose Tools
1,867
1,807
51,230
41,196
Inventory includes in transit inventory of:
Raw materials
4,055
4,284
Stock in trade
10.1 The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year was ` 1,201,112 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 1,114,211

The cost of inventories recognised as an expense includes ` 123 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 133 million) in respect of
write-downs of inventory to net realisable value.
The mode of valuation of inventories has been stated in note 2.15.
11. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
11.1 Cash and cash equivalents:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Balances with banks
-
Deposits (less than 3 months original maturity period)
-
4,350
4,557
11.2 Other bank balances:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Deposits
3,650
-
3,684
12 OTHER ASSETS (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

Capital advances - considered good*
9,381
7,944

Prepaid expenses
4,180
4,120

Amount paid under protest / dispute (refer note 37)
10,205
9,331

Claims - unsecured considered good

Others
23,945
21,531
*Includes balance with related parties (refer note 34)
1,940
1,530
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current

Balance with customs, port trust and other Government authorities
28,224
18,622

Claims

Prepaid expenses
2,937
2,230

Balance with related parties (refer note 34)
4,431
2,930

2,307
2,130

Less: provision for doubtful balances
(137)
(268)
38,103
26,565
13. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Authorised share capital:
3,751,000,000 equity shares of ` 5 each
(as at March 31, 2024: 3,751,000,000 equity shares of ` 5 each)
18,755
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up share capital comprises:
314,402,574 equity shares of ` 5 each
(as at March 31, 2024: 314,402,574 equity shares of ` 5 each)
1,572
13.1 Rights, preference and restriction attached to shares

The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per
share held. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing
Annual General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to
receive the remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
13.2 Reconciliation of number of shares
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number of
Amount
Number of
Amount
314,402,574
1,572
302,080,060
1,510
-
12,322,514

314,402,574
1,572
314,402,574
1,572
13.3 Details of shares held by the holding company
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number of
Amount
Number of
Amount
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan

183,246,476
182,951,476
13.4 Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number of
Number of
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan (The holding company)
183,246,476
58.28
182,951,476
58.19
13.5 Shares held by promoters as defined in the Companies Act, 2013 at the end of the year:
Promoter Name
Opening
Closing
% Change
during the year
Number of
Number of
Year ended March 31, 2025

Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
182,951,476
58.19%
183,246,476
58.28%
0.09%
Year ended March 31, 2024

Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
170,628,962
56.48%
182,951,476
58.19%
1.71%
14. OTHER EQUITY
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
General reserve
29,309
Securities premium (refer note 38)
132,584
Reserve created on amalgamation

9,153
Retained earnings

746,003
646,509
Employee Welfare Fund
2,523
2,360
Scientific Research Fund
2,087
Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income
17,236
16,246
938,895
838,248
14.1. General reserve
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
29,309
Add / Less: Movement during the year
-
29,309
The general reserve is free reserve which is created from time to time on transfer of profits from retained earnings. General reserve
is created by transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive income, items included
in general reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.
14.2. Securities premium
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
132,584
4,241
Add / Less: Movement during the year (refer note 38)
-
128,343
132,584
Securities premium represents premium received on equity shares issued, which can be utilised only in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) for specified purposes.
14.3 Reserve created on amalgamation
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
9,153
Add / Less: Movement during the year
-
9,153
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
This reserve was created on the basis of the scheme of amalgamation of erstwhile Suzuki Powertrain India Limited (SPIL) with the
Company as approved by the High Court of Delhi in the year ended 31st March 2013.
14.4. Retained earnings
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
646,509
541,980
139,552
132,094
Other comprehensive income arising from remeasurement of
defined benefit obligation*
(595)
(339)
Income on funds
(232)
(201)
Expenses on funds

(39,300)
(27,187)
746,003
646,509
During the year, a dividend of ` 125 per share, total dividend ` 39,300 million (March 31, 2024: ` 90 per share, total dividend ` 27,187
million) was paid to equity shareholders.
The Board of Directors recommended a final dividend of ` 135 per share (nominal value of ` 5 per share) for the financial year
2024-25. This dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and has not been accounted as
liability in these financial statements. The total expected amount of cash outflow is ` 42,444 million.
*Net of deferred tax assets of ` 200 million (previous year: ` 114 million)
14.5 Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
16,246
13,219
Net fair value gain/(loss) on investment in equity instruments at FVTOCI
1,363
3,429
Income tax on net fair value gain/(loss) on investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
(373)
(402)
17,236
16,246
This reserves represents the cumulative gains and losses arising on the revaluation of equity instruments measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income, net of amount reclassified to retained earnings when those assets have been disposed of.
14.6. Employee Welfare Fund
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
2,360
2,321
Income during the year
Expenses/adjustment during the year
(69)
(162)
2,523
2,360
This reserve was created for undertaking welfare activities such as housing, education and health for the employees of the
Company by appropriating 1% of profit after tax during financial year 2018-19 to financial year 2020-21.
14.7. Scientific Research Fund
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
2,087
-
2,087
This reserve was created for promotion of scientific research and technology in India by appropriating 1% of profit after tax during
financial year 2018-19 to financial year 2020-21. No expenditure has been done from this fund during the current year and previous
year.
15. BORROWINGS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current

Unsecured

Loans repayable on demand from banks

-
Cash credit, overdraft and working capital demand loan
-
15.1 Summary of borrowing arrangements

Loan repayable on demand from banks (cash credit, overdraft and working capital demand loan) at an interest rate of 7.25%
p.a. to 9.20% p.a., repayable within 0-10 days (previous year: interest rate of 7.10% p.a. to 9.40% p.a., repayable within 0-10
days w.r.t. cash credit, overdraft and working capital demand loan)
15.2 Breach of loan agreement

There has been no breach of covenants mentioned in the loan agreements during the reporting period.
16. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current
Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost
Payables to capital creditors*
14,123
14,414
9,867
3,302
Claims payable
Interest accrued on security deposits
Unpaid dividend#
Book overdraft
1,207
Others^
24,434
19,426
*Includes balance with related parties (refer note 34)
^ Includes interest accrued [refer note 20.1(d)]

#There were no amounts due for payment to the Investor Education and Protection Fund under Section 125(1) of the Companies
Act, 2013 at the year end. Further, there has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the Company.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
17. PROVISIONS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

Provision for retirement allowance and post retirement medical benefit Plan
Other provisions

1,260
1,448
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current

Provision for compensated absences
7,628
6,432

Provision for gratuity
1,323
Other provisions

Provision for litigation / disputes and others (refer note below)
4,032
3,270

1,416
1,384
14,423
12,066
Details of other provisions
Litigation / Dispute and others
Warranty / Product recall
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
3,270
3,007
2,319
1,693
Addition / adjustment during the year
1,836
Utilised/ reversed during the year
(38)
(378)
(1,175)
(1,210)
4,032
3,270
2,095
2,319
-
4,032
3,270
1,416
1,384
Total
4,032
3,270
2,095
2,319
Provisions for employee benefits

The provision for employee benefits include compensated absences, retirement allowance, post retirement medical benefit
plan and gratuity.

The entire amount of the provision for compensated absences of ` 7,628 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 6,432 million) is
presented as current, since the Company does not have unconditional right to defer settlement of any of these obligations.
However, based on past experience, the Company does not expect all employees to avail the full amount of accrued leave
or require payment for such leave within next 12 months. Leave obligation not expected to be settled with next 12 months
as at March 31, 2025 is ` 6,508 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 5,369 million).
(ii) Provision for warranty and product recall

Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the
reporting period and is also made for estimated product recall in respect of products sold. These claims are expected to
be settled as and when warranty/product recall claims will arise. Management estimates the provision based on historical
warranty claims/product recall claims information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims for warranty and
product recall that could differ from historical amounts.
(iii) Provision for litigation / disputes and others

In the ordinary course of business, the Company faces litigations and claims from various authorities and parties. The
Company assesses such claims and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis, with the assistance of external
legal counsel, wherever necessary. The Company records a liability for any claim where a potential loss is probable and
capable of being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that are
considered possible, but not probable, the Company provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not record a
liability in its accounts unless the loss becomes probable [refer note 37(A)].

Note: Pursuant to the issuance of Circular No. 248/5/2025-GST dated March 27, 2025 by the Central Board of Indirect
Taxes and Customs (CBIC), which provides clarifications on various issues relating to GST Amnesty Scheme concerning the
availment of benefits under Section 128A of the CGST Act, 2017, the Company is currently in the process of evaluating its
entitlement to avail the benefit of waiver of interest and penalty. This evaluation pertains to ongoing litigations of ` 552 million
which relates to employee secondment arrangement under GST regime for the financial years 2017-18 to 2019-20, under the
GST Amnesty Scheme, in accordance with the controls laid out by the Company in respect of such assessment. Based on
its ongoing assessment, the Company believes that the aforesaid provision is adequate.
18. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS / LIABILITIES (NET)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
9,160
8,674
22,071
7,550
(12,911)
1,124
Movement of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) for the year ended March 31, 2025
Opening
Balance
Recognised in
Statement of
Profit and Loss
Recognised
Closing
Balance

1,989
-
2,341
-
1,015
(71)
-
5,992
(259)
-
5,733
Lease liabilities
-
Others
-
(200)
-
8,674
9,160
Investment in debt mutual funds (refer note 29.1)
5,642
14,477
-
20,119
-
1,099

1,322
(415)
-
Others
(140)
-
(54)
7,550
14,148
22,071
1,124
(13,862)
(173)
(12,911)
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Movement of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) for the year ended March 31, 2024
Opening
Balance
Recognised
in Statement
of Profit and
Loss
Recognised
Closing
Balance
1,703
-
1,989
-
4,919
1,073
-
5,992
Lease liabilities
-
Others
-
(114)
-
7,159
1,401
8,674
Investment in debt mutual funds
1,582
4,060
-
5,642
-

1,426
(104)
-
1,322
Others
(556)
-
(140)
3,748
3,400
7,550
3,411
(1,999)
(288)
1,124
Note: Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been offset as they are governed by the same taxation laws.
19. OTHER LIABILITIES
As at
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

Contract liabilities (Deferred revenue)
33,819
31,616
33,819
31,616
Current
Advance from customers*
11,297
14,598
Contract liabilities (Deferred revenue)
13,189
10,611
Statutory dues
14,317
12,833
Deferred Government Grant
1,819
Others
41,176
39,432
*Includes balances with related parties (refer note 34)
Note: During the year, the Company has recognised revenue of ` 10,611 million which was included in the Contract liability
balance as on April 1, 2024 (for the year ended March 31, 2024 ` 9,541 million which was included in the Contract liability
balance as on April 1, 2023).
20. TRADE PAYABLES
As at
As at
March 31, 2024

1,716
1,592
172,495
144,232
174,211
145,824
*Includes balances with related parties (refer note 34)
51,676
45,331
20.1. Disclosure under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
a. Amounts payable to suppliers under MSME Development Act, 2006 (suppliers) as at year end

- Principal
1,716
1,592

- Interest due thereon
Payments made to suppliers beyond the appointed day during the year
- Principal
- Interest paid thereon
Amount of Interest due and payable for delay in payment (which have been paid but beyond the
appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest under MSME Development Act,
-
Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at year end (refer note 16)
The amount of further Interest due and payable even in the succeeding year, until such
date when the interest due as above are actually paid, for the purpose of disallowance of a
deductible expenditure.
-
Dues to micro and small enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of intimation
received from the suppliers regarding their status under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
Trade Payables ageing schedule
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of
payment
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
MSME
1,598
-
1,716
Others
97,936
3,467
101,557
Unbilled
70,938
-
70,938
Total
170,472
3,584
174,211
As at March 31, 2024
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of
payment
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
MSME
1,512
-
1,592
Others
84,823
1,607
86,517
Unbilled
57,715
-
57,715
Total
144,050
1,687
145,824
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
21 TAX ASSETS / LIABILITIES*
As at
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-Current tax assets

Taxes Paid (Net)
4,743
5,439
Current tax liabilities

Income tax payable (Net)
12,737
12,030
* Also refer note 37 (iv) for amount paid under protest.
22. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Sale of products

Vehicles
1,257,091
1,170,404

Spare parts / dies and moulds / components and accessories
194,061
178,974
1,451,152
1,349,378
Other operating revenues

Income from services
23,282
15,275

Sale of scrap
6,853
6,282

Recovery of freight and service charges
30,870
31,786

Rental income
1,341

Others
5,503
5,680
67,849
59,948
Total revenue from operations
1,519,001
1,409,326
Refer note 8.1 for payment terms with customers.
Revenue from contract with customers is disaggregated by geographical region and presented in Note 30.1
Reconciliation of revenue recognised with contract price:
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Contract price (Gross)
1,585,606
1,462,032
Adjustments for
Discount and Incentives as per contract/scheme bulletins
(66,605)
(52,706)
1,519,001
1,409,326
Dis-aggregation of revenue based on timing of revenue recognition
Product /services transferred at a point of time
1,496,706
1,394,278
Services transferred over period of time
22,295
15,048
1,519,001
1,409,326
23. OTHER INCOME
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Interest income on

Bank deposits

Income tax refund
-

Receivables from dealers
1,027

Advance to vendors

Others
1,475
Dividend income

Dividend from equity investments
Others

1,060

43,748
36,005

-
45,505
36,906
Total other income
47,504
38,548
24. MATERIAL CONSUMED
24.1 Cost of materials consumed
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Raw material inventory at the beginning of year
13,936
20,759
Add: Purchases during the year
529,987
452,574
Less: Raw material inventory at the end of year
14,652
13,936
529,271
459,397
24.2 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Opening balances
2,395
2,096

Vehicle
8,448
7,658

Traded goods

Vehicle
4,925
1,916

5,419
5,079
21,596
17,167
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Closing balances

3,036
2,395

Vehicle
12,207
8,448

Traded goods

Vehicle
8,206
4,925

6,676
5,419
30,499
21,596
(8,903)
(4,429)
25. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Salaries and wages

53,390
48,082
Contribution to provident and other funds

3,075
2,876
Staff welfare expenses

4,905
3,826
61,370
54,784
26. FINANCE COSTS
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Interest costs

Cash credit and overdrafts

Lease liabilities

Others
1,931
1,932
27. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

29,466
27,835
Amortisation of intangible assets

1,814
2,168
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (refer note 35)

31,593
30,223
28. OTHER EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Consumption of stores (refer note 45)
3,282
2,806
Power and fuel [net of amount recovered ` 134 million (previous year: ` 132 million)]
7,168
6,985
Rent (refer note 35)
24,465
22,575
Repair and maintenance: plant and machinery
4,578
3,418
Repair and maintenance: building

Repair and maintenance: others

3,076
2,971
Insurance

Rates, taxes and fees

Royalty

50,380
49,080
Tools / machinery spares charged off

6,923
5,532

-
1,196
Advertisement

11,275
10,409
Sales promotion

6,151
5,172
Warranty and product recall

1,836
Transportation and distribution expenses

44,134
44,414
Corporate social responsibility expenses (refer note below)
1,585
1,104
Other miscellaneous expenses* (refer note 42)
32,204
26,851
198,240
186,352
* Does not include any item of expenditure with a value of more than 1% of the revenue from operations. Further, IT includes political
donations amounting to ` Nil in the current year (` 600 million in the previous year to Prudent Electoral Trust. The aforesaid trust
had furnished a list of contributors and a list of political parties to whom donations received were distributed and such donations
were not identified to individual contributors).
Note on Corporate Social Responsibility
Particulars
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Amount required to be spent by the Company during the year
1,640
ii) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
1,585
1,104
iii) Amount of expenditure incurred**

1,585
1,104
iv) Shortfall at the end of the year

-
v) Total of previous years shortfall

-
vi) Reason for shortfall

Not Applicable
vii) Nature of CSR activities

Community development, skill
development, road safety and
popularisation of fermented
organic manure
viii) Details of related party transactions#

ix) Details of excess CSR expenditure under Section 135(5) of the Act

Balance in the beginning of year

Amount required to be spent during the year
1,640

Amount spent during the year
1,585
1,104

Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
** Amount spend during the year
Particulars
Year ended March 31,2025
Year ended March 31,2024
Paid
Yet to
be paid
Total
Paid
Yet to
be paid
Total
Construction/Acquisition of any assets
ii) Purposes other than (i) above
1,549
1,585
1,041
1,104
#For Skill Development activities through International Automobile Centre of Excellence.
29. INCOME TAXES
29.1 Income tax recognised in profit or loss
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Current tax

37,814
35,526

38,418
36,311
Deferred tax

6,126
2,786

7,736
(787)
13,862
1,999
Total income tax expense recognised during the year

52,280
38,310
The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024

191,832
170,404
Tax at the Indian Tax Rate of 25.168% (Previous year: 25.168%)
48,280
42,887
Differential tax rate on fair value gain on investments

(4,822)
(4,999)
Differential tax rate on capital gain on sale of investments

-
Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit

Others

(6)
43,940
38,312
Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the deferred tax expense of prior years on
account of withdrawal of the indexation benefit and change in tax rate*
8,376
-
Other adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the tax expense of prior years
(36)
(2)
Income tax expenses recognised in the statement of profit or loss
52,280
38,310
* The Company invests its surplus funds into debt mutual funds. In compliance with Ind AS - 12 Income taxes, the Company had
recorded deferred tax liabilities as per applicable law (taking cognisance of the indexation benefit) on fair value gains on these
investments. The Finance (No.2) Act, 2024 withdrew the indexation benefit on long-term capital gains on debt mutual funds which
were purchased prior to April 1, 2023 and the tax rate applicable on the said mutual funds was changed from 20% plus surcharge
and cess (with indexation) to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess (without indexation).
Deferred tax liabilities have been remeasured at the prescribed rate on account of withdrawal of the indexation benefit and change
in the tax rate, which has resulted in increase in deferred tax liabilities and corresponding deferred tax expense by ` 8,376 million,
which has been recognised during the year ended March 31, 2025. The actual payment of tax would be made at the time of
redemption of this asset class. The cash outflow towards tax could be different at the time of redemption depending on the actual
gain and prevailing tax regulations.
29.2 Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income

Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
Arising on income and expenses recognised in other comprehensive income

Net fair value gain on investment in equity shares at FVTOCI

(373)
(402)
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation

Total income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
(173)
(288)
Bifurcation of the income tax recognised in other comprehensive income into
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(173)
(288)
(173)
(288)
30. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company is primarily in the business of manufacturing, purchase and sale of motor vehicles, components and spare parts
( automobiles ). The other activities of the Company comprise facilitation of pre-owned car sales, fleet management and car
financing. The income from these activities is not material in financial terms but such activities contribute significantly in generating
demand for the products of the Company.
The Board of Directors of the Company, which has been identified as being the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), evaluates
the Company s performance, allocates resources based on the analysis of the various performance indicator of the Company as
a single unit. Therefore there is no reportable segment for the Company.
30.1 Entity wide disclosure
Domestic
Overseas
Total

1,291,335
227,666
1,519,001

1,229,808
179,518
1,409,326
Non current segment assets

As at March 31, 2025

333,349
-
333,349
As at March 31, 2024
277,262
-
277,262
Domestic information includes sales and services to customers located in India.
Overseas information includes sales and services rendered to customers located outside India.
Non-current segment assets includes non-current assets other than financial assets and deferred tax assets.
The Company has one customer individually contributing to more than 10% of the Company s total revenues during the
financial year ended March 31, 2025.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
31. EARNINGS PER SHARE
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Basic earnings per share (`)

443.86
431.08
Diluted earnings per share (`)

443.86
431.08
Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company used in calculating basic earnings per share
and diluted earnings per share

139,552
132,094
Weighted average number of equity shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share and diluted
earnings per share (numbers)

314,402,574
306,423,241
32. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The various benefits provided to employees by the Company are as under:

Superannuation fund

Post employment medical assistance scheme

Employers contribution to Employee State Insurance Act 1948#

Employers contribution to Employee s Pension Scheme 1995
During the year the Company has recognised the following amounts in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Employers contribution to Superannuation Fund*
Employers contribution on Post Employment Medical Assistance Scheme*
Employers contribution on Employee s Pension Scheme 1995*
*Included in Contribution to provident and other funds
#Contribution to Employee State Insurance Act 1948 during the year ended March 31, 2025 in ` Nil (year ended March 31, 2024
is ` Nil).
Defined benefit plans and other long term benefits

Contribution to Gratuity Funds - Employee s Gratuity Fund

Leave encashment / compensated absence

Retirement allowance

Provident fund

Post Retirement Medical Benefit Plan
These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
and salary risk.
Investment risk

The probability or likelihood of lower returns as compared to the expected return on any particular investment.
Interest risk
The plan exposes the Company to the risk of fall in interest rates. A fall in interest rates will result in an increase in the ultimate
cost of providing the above benefit and will thus result in an increase in the value of the liability.
Longevity risk
The present value of defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants
both during and after employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan s liability.
Salary risk

The present value of the defined benefit plan is calculated with the assumption of salary increase rate of plan participants in future.
Deviation in the rate of increase of salary in future for plan participants from the rate of increase in salary used to determine the
present value of obligation will have a bearing on the plan s liability.
The principal assumptions used for the purpose of the actuarial valuations were as follows:
Provident
Fund*
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
As at March 31, 2025
NA
6.90%
NA
7.00%
NA
NA
As at March 31, 2024
NA
7.15%
NA
7.00%
NA
NA
* In respect of Provident Fund, Interest rate guarantee (per annum) is 8.25% (March 31, 2024: 8.25%)
Components of expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of:
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
Year ended March 31, 2025
1,606
-
Actuarial Loss / (gain)
-
1,606
Year ended March 31, 2024
1,311
-
Actuarial Loss / (gain)
-
1,311
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Components of expenses recognised in the other comprehensive income in respect of:
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit
Plan
Year ended March 31, 2025

-

-

-
(17)
(44)

(165)
-
(12)
(16)
Year ended March 31, 2024

-

-

-
(15)
(30)
(286)
-
(10)
The current service cost and the interest expense for the year are included in the Employee benefits expense in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.
The remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability is included in other comprehensive income.
The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the entity s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans is
as follows:
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit
Plan
As at March 31, 2025
41,804
10,051
43,402
8,728
-
Surplus / (deficit)
1,598
(1,323)
(125)
(480)
1,598
-
(1,323)
(125)
(480)
As at March 31, 2024
37,235
8,056
38,511
7,097
-
Surplus / (deficit)
1,276
(959)
(109)
(425)
1,276
-
(959)
(109)
(425)
* The Company has an obligation to make good the shortfall, if any.
Classification into long term and short term:
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit
Plan
As at March 31, 2025
-
1,323
Total
1,323
As at March 31, 2024
-
Total
Movement in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit
Plan
Year ended March 31, 2025
37,235
8,056
1,606
2,714
Employees' contribution
3,396
-
Remeasurement (or actuarial) (gain) / loss
arising from:

-

-

-
(17)
(44)

-
Benefits paid
(4,023)
(251)
(2)
-
41,804
10,051
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit
Plan
Year ended March 31, 2024
34,253
6,367
1,311
2,556
Employees' contribution
3,082
-
(847)
-
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit
Plan
Remeasurement (or actuarial) (gain) / loss
arising from:

-

-

-
(15)
(30)

-
Benefits paid
(3,404)
(303)
-
37,235
8,056
Movement in the fair value of the plan assets are as follows:
Provident Fund
Employees Gratuity Fund
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning
38,511
34,609
7,097
5,954
Interest income
2,805
2,583
Employer s contribution
1,606
1,311
1,210
Employee s contribution
3,396
3,082
-
Transfer in/(out)

(847)
-
Benefits paid
(4,023)
(3,404)
(251)
(303)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on plan assets
1,177
Fair value of plan assets as at the end
43,402
38,511
8,728
7,097
Major categories of plan assets (as percentage of total plan assets)
Provident Fund
Employees Gratuity Fund
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Government Securities (Central and State)
49%
44%
0%
Corporate bonds

40%
44%
0%
Equity Mutual Funds

10%
0%
100%

1%
0%

0%
1%
0%
Total
100%
The fair value of the above ULIP schemes are determined based on the Net Asset Value (NAV). Moreover, for other investments
the fair value is taken as per the account statements of the insurance companies.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation of gratuity fund at March 31, 2025 is 13 years (as at March 31,
2024: 14 years).
The Company expects to make a contribution of ` 2,073 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 1,564 million) to the defined benefit plan
of gratuity fund during the next financial year.
Sensitivity analysis

Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of defined obligation are discount rate, expected salary growth rate, attrition
rate and mortality rate. The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes in respective
assumption occurring at the end of reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
If the discount rate increases (decreases) by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by ` 1,234 million (increase by
` 1,478 million) [As at March 31, 2024: decrease by ` 1,060 million (increase by ` 1,227 million)].
If the expected salary growth rate increases (decreases) by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by ` 1,295 million
(decrease by ` 1,107 million) [As at March 31, 2024: increase by ` 1,049 million (decrease by ` 895 million)].
32.1 The Code on Social Security, 2020 ( Code ) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment
received Presidential assent on September 28, 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India and
subsequently on November 13, 2020 draft rules were published and invited for stakeholders suggestions. However, the
date on which the Code will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of the Code when
IT comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code and rules thereunder become effective.
33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT
33.1 Financial instruments by category
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
FVTPL
FVOCI
Amortised
Total
Carrying
Value
FVTPL
FVOCI
Amortised
Total
Carrying
Value
Financial assets
Investments*
- in equity instruments
-
20,317
-
20,317
-
18,935
-
18,935
- in debt mutual funds
591,567
-
591,567
533,203
-
533,203
Trade receivables
-
65,377
-
46,013
-
4,557
-
3,684
-
Loans
-
Security deposits
-
Fixed deposits with banks
-
6,050
-
Interest accrued
-
Recoverable from related parties
-
9,572
-
18,967
Others
-
1,699
-
591,681
20,317
88,343
700,341
533,212
18,935
71,555
623,702
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
Trade payables
-
174,211
-
145,824
Deposits from dealers,
contractors and others
-
9,867
-
3,302
Payable to capital creditors
-
14,123
-
14,414
Interest accrued
-
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
FVTPL
FVOCI
Amortised
Total
Carrying
Value
FVTPL
FVOCI
Amortised
Total
Carrying
Value
Unpaid dividend
-
Book overdraft
-
1,207
Lease liabilities
-
Claims payable
-
Others
-
199,409
-
166,436
*Investment value excludes investment in subsidiaries of ` 128,706 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 128,706 million); investment in
joint ventures of ` 373 million (as at as at March 31, 2024: ` 373 million) and investment in associates of ` 4,100 million (as at as
at March 31, 2024: ` 3,920 million) which are shown at cost in balance sheet as per Ind AS 27 - Separate Financial Statements.
Fair value hierarchy
The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured at fair value and have been grouped into
Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 below
As at March 31, 2025
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial assets

Financial instruments at FVTPL

587,468
4,099
-
591,567
-
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

17,966
-
17,966
-
2,351
-

605,434
4,213
3,223
612,870
As at March 31, 2024
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial assets

Financial instruments at FVTPL

529,417
3,786
-
533,203
-
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

16,873
-
16,873
-
2,062
-

546,290
3,795
2,885
552,970
As at March 31, 2025
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities (Non-current)
-

-
As at March 31, 2024
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities (Non-current)
-

-
Level 1: Quoted prices in the active market. This level of hierarchy includes financial assets that are measured by reference to
quoted prices in the active market. This category consists of quoted equity shares and open ended schemes of debt mutual
funds.
Level 2: Valuation techniques with observable inputs. This level of hierarchy includes items measured using inputs other than
quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for such items, either directly or indirectly. This level of hierarchy
consists of investments in close ended schemes of debt mutual fund investments and over the counter (OTC) derivative contracts.
Level 3: Valuation techniques with unobservable inputs. This level of hierarchy includes items measured using inputs that are not
based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). Fair value determined in whole or in part, using a valuation model based
on assumptions that are neither supported by prices from observable current market transactions in the same instruments nor
based on available market data. The main item in this category are unquoted equity instruments.
The management assessed that fair value of trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, loans, security
deposit, fixed deposits with banks, interest accrued, other current financial assets (except derivative financial assets), short term
borrowings , trade payables, lease liabilities and other current financial liabilities (except derivative financial liabilities) approximate
their carrying amounts largely due to short-term maturities of these instruments.
The fair value of the financial assets are determined at the amount that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction
between market participants. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
Investments in debt mutual funds: Fair value is determined by reference to quotes from the financial institutions, i.e. net asset
value (NAV) for investments in mutual funds declared by mutual fund house.
Derivative contracts: The Company has entered into variety of commodity forward contracts and foreign currency forward / option
contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in commodity price risk and foreign exchange rates. These financial exposures
are managed in accordance with the Company s risk management policies and procedures. Fair value of derivative financial
instruments, including forward and option contracts are determined using valuation techniques based on information derived
from observable market data and using valuation provided by authorised dealers dealing in commodities and foreign exchange.
Quoted equity investments: Fair value is derived from quoted market prices in active markets.
Unquoted equity investments: Fair value is derived on the basis of income approach, in this approach the discounted cash flow
method is used to capture the present value of the expected future economic benefits to be derived from the ownership of these
investments.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement
Unlisted equity
As at April 1, 2023
1,609
Acquisition
As at March 31, 2024
2,062
Acquisition
As at March 31, 2025
2,351
33.2 Financial risk management
The Company s activities expose IT to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. In order to minimise any adverse effects on the
financial performance of the Company, derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign
currency option contracts are entered to hedge certain foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives are used exclusively for
hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
This note explains the sources of risk which the entity is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk and the impact of hedge
accounting in the financial statements.
Risk
Exposure arising from
Measurement
Management
Credit risk
Cash and cash equivalents,
trade receivables, derivative
financial instruments, financial
assets measured at amortised
Ageing analysis
Credit rating
Diversification of bank deposits,
credit limits, bank guarantees
and letter of credit
Liquidity risk
Business commitment and other
Rolling cash flow forecasts
Availability of committed credit
lines and borrowing facilities
Market risk - foreign exchange
Future commercial transactions
Recognised financial assets and
liabilities not denominated in
Indian rupee (`)
Cash flow forecasting
Sensitivity analysis
Foreign exchange derivatives
Market risk - security prices
Investments in equity
instruments and debt mutual
funds
Sensitivity analysis
Portfolio diversification
The financial risk management of the Company is carried out under the policies approved by the Board of Directors. Within these
policies, the Board provides written principles for overall risk management including policies covering specific areas, such as
foreign exchange risk management, commodity risk management and investment of funds.
(A) Credit risk

Credit risk arises from the possibility that the counter party may not be able to settle their obligations. To manage trade
receivable, the Company periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial
conditions, economic trends, analysis of historical bad debts and aging of such receivables.

Financial instruments that are subject to such risk, principally consist of trade receivables, loans and advances and derivative
instruments. None of the financial instruments of the Company results in material concentration of credit risks.

The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss for the year ended March 31, 2025 was ` 52 million (March 31, 2024 was ` 177

Financial assets for which loss allowance is measured:
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Loans - non
Trade
Other financial
Loans - non
Trade
Other financial
Balance at the beginning
Expected credit loss recognised
-
Reversed / adjusted during the
(125)
-
(3)
-
Balance at the end
-
None of the financial assets other than mentioned above were impaired and there were no indications that defaults in payment
obligations would occur.
(B) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of liquidity risk
management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and to ensure funds are available for use as per the requirements.

The Company did not have any long term borrowings and has sufficient liquidity (refer note 33.3). The Company raises short
term rupee borrowings for short term cash flow mismatches and has large investments in debt mutual funds which can be
redeemed on a very short notice and hence carries negligible liquidity risk. The Company has undrawn borrowing facilities
of ` 49,700 million as at March 31, 2025 (` 49,369 million as at March 31, 2024) to honour any liquidity requirements arising
for business needs.
(i) Financing arrangements
The Company had access to the following borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Floating rate
- Expiring within one year (bank overdraft and other facilities)

- amount used
-
- amount unused
49,700
49,369
- Expiring beyond one year (bank loans)
-
49,700
(ii) Maturities of financial liabilities
The tables below analyse the Company s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities:
The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Less than
Later than
one year
but less
than five
More than
Total
Less than
Later than
one year
but less
than five
More than
Total
Borrowings
-
Trade payables
174,211
-
174,211
145,824
-
145,824
Lease liabilities
(refer note 35)
1,039
Other financial
24,434
-
24,434
19,426
-
19,426
198,871
199,543
165,759
166,620
(C) Market risk
(i) Foreign currency risk
The Company has exposure to foreign currency risk on account of its payables and receivables in foreign currency which are
mitigated through the guidelines under the foreign currency risk management policy approved by the Board of Directors. The
Company enters into derivative financial instruments to mitigate the foreign currency risk.
-
forward foreign exchange and options contracts for foreign currency risk mitigation.
Foreign currency risk exposure
The carrying amounts of the Company s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of year
expressed in `, are as follows:
(In Millions)
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
JPY
USD
EURO
GBP
JPY
USD
EURO
GBP
Financial assets
Trade Receivables and
20,124
4,520
-
8,396
3,886
1,057
-
Foreign Exchange
Derivative Contracts
-
Net exposure to
foreign currency risk
(assets)
20,124
4,520
-
8,396
3,886
1,057
-
Financial liabilities
Trade payables and
6,651
1,696
5,668
Foreign exchange
derivative contracts
against above liabilities
(3,028)
-
(2,181)
-
Net exposure to
foreign currency risk
(liabilities)
3,623
1,696
3,487
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
The Company is mainly exposed to JPY, USD and EURO.
The following table details the Company s sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the ` against the relevant foreign
currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items as tabulated above
and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 10% change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes
external loans. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit or equity and vice-versa.
Year ended March 31, 2025
Year ended March 31, 2024
` strengthens
by 10%
` weakening by
10%
` strengthens by
10%
` weakening by
10%
Impact on profit or loss for the year

JPY impact
(1,650)
1,650
(491)

USD Impact
(282)
(300)

EURO Impact
(19)
(85)
(ii) Security price risk
Exposure in equity
The Company is exposed to equity price risks arising from equity investments held by the Company and classified in the balance
sheet as fair value through OCI.
Equity price sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at the end of the year.
If the equity prices had been 5% higher / lower:
Other comprehensive income for the year ended March 31, 2025 would increase / decrease by ` 1,016 million, (for the year ended
March 31, 2024: increase / decrease by ` 947 million) as a result of the change in fair value of equity investment measured at FVTOCI.
Exposure in mutual funds
The Company manages the surplus funds majorly through investments in debt based mutual fund schemes. The price of investment
in these mutual fund schemes is reflected though Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the Asset Management Company on daily
basis as reflected by the movement in the NAV of invested schemes. The Company is exposed to price risk on such Investments.
Mutual fund price sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on Mutual Fund Investment at the end of the reporting period.
If NAV has been 1% higher / lower:
Profit for year ended March 31, 2025 would increase / decrease by ` 5,916 million (for the year ended March 31, 2024 by ` 5,332
million) as a result of the changes in fair value of mutual fund investments.
33.3. Capital management
The Company s objectives when managing capital are to:

-
safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
benefits for other stakeholders, and

-
maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
capital to shareholders or issue new shares.
The Company has large investments in debt mutual fund schemes wherein underlying portfolio is spread across securities issued
by different issuers having different credit ratings. The credit risk of investments in debt mutual fund schemes is managed through
investment policies and guidelines requiring adherence to stringent credit control norms based on external credit ratings. The credit
quality of the entire portfolio investments is monitored on a quarterly basis. The Company s overall strategy remains unchanged
from previous year.
The following table provides detail of the debt and equity at the end of the reporting period:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Borrowings
-
(780)
(4,557)
Net debt
(780)
(4,226)
Total equity
940,467
839,820
Net debt to equity ratio [refer note 33.2(B)]
(0.001)
(0.005)
The Company is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.
33.4 Foreign exchange derivative contracts
The Company follows a consistent policy of mitigating foreign exchange risk by entering into appropriate hedging instruments as
considered necessary from time to time. Depending on the future outlook on currencies, the Company may keep the exposures
unhedged or hedged only as a part of the total exposure.
The Company does not enter into a foreign exchange derivative transactions for speculative purposes.
34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
34.1 Description of related parties
Associates
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan (SMC)
Subsidiaries
(w.e.f. November 24, 2023) (refer note 38)
Joint Ventures
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India Private Limited
Associates
Contribution to Post Retirement Plans
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Group Gratuity Fund
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Provident Fund Trust
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Superannuation Fund
Fellow Subsidiaries (only with whom the Company had transactions during the current/previous year)
Magyar Suzuki Corporation Ltd.
Taiwan Suzuki Automobile Corporation
PT Suzuki Indomobil Sales
Suzuki Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Suzuki Motor de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
Suzuki Thilawa Motor Co., Ltd
Vietnam Suzuki Corporation
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
Suzuki R&D Center India Private Limited
Thai Suzuki Motor Co., Ltd.
Suzuki Australia Pty. Ltd.
Suzuki (Myanmar) Motor Co., Ltd.
Suzuki GB PLC
Suzuki New Zealand Ltd.
Suzuki Auto South Africa (Pty) Ltd
PT. Suzuki Indomobil Motor
Suzuki Philippines Inc.
TDS Lithium-Ion Battery Gujarat Private Limited
Suzuki Business Co., Ltd.
Suzuki Deutschland GmbH
(formerly Suzuki International Europe GmbH)
Suzuki Digital Private Limited
Cambodia Suzuki Motor Co., Ltd.
Next Bharat Ventures IFSC Pvt. Ltd.
Ise Suzuki Egg India Private Limited
International Automobile Centre of Excellence
Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
Chairman
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Managing Director & CEO
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Director (Production) (w.e.f. January 2, 2024)
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Director (Sustainability)
Mr. Yukihiro Yamashita
Joint Managing Director
(Engineering and Quality Assurance) (till January 1, 2024)
Mr. Shigetoshi Torii
Director (till August 1, 2023)
Mr. O. Suzuki
Director (till December 24, 2024)
Mr. T. Suzuki
Director
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
Director
Mr. K. Saito
Director
Mr. Sunil Kumar Kakkar
Director (Corporate Planning) (w.e.f. April 1, 2025)
Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
Independent Director (till August 27, 2024)
Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
Independent Director (till August 27, 2024)
Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent Director
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent Director
Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent Director (w.e.f. August 28, 2024)
Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent Director (w.e.f. August 28, 2024)
Mr. Ajay Seth
Chief Financial Officer (till December 31, 2023)
Mr. Arnab Roy
Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. January 1, 2024)
Mr. Sanjeev Grover
Company Secretary
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
34.2 Transactions with related parties
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Sale of goods to:

146,309
91,445

- Subsidiaries

- Joint Venture

- Associates
-

- Fellow Subsidiaries

20,625
17,888

- Others
9,492
13,648
176,882
123,517
Investment in equity shares of associate/subsidiary company made during the year
-
128,411
- Associates

- Bahucharaji Rail Corporation Limited
-
129,205
Purchase of goods from:

29,292
23,526

- Subsidiary, Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited*
367,338
355,712

- Associates*
87,560
77,081

- Joint Ventures

6,067
5,537

- Fellow Subsidiaries

9,545
14,524
499,802
476,380
* Figures are net of sale of coils and components
3,183
6,760
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and intangible assets under
development from:

2,457
2,410

- Subsidiaries

-

- Associates

- Others

1,652

- Fellow Subsidiaries
-

- Joint Ventures
6,849
3,884
Finance income / commission / dividend from:

- Associates

- Hanon Climate Systems India Private Limited

- Others
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024

- Joint Ventures

- Marelli Powertrain India Private Limited

- Others
Other operating revenue / other income from:

9,744
2,737

- Subsidiaries

- Others

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

11,522
3,821
Recovery of expenses from:

16,487
17,704

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

17,497
18,232
Services received from:

1,537
1,438
1,537
1,438
Dividend paid to:

22,869
15,355
22,869
15,355
Royalty expenses

50,380
49,080
50,380
49,080
Other expenses

4,039
3,519

- Subsidiaries

24,018
22,287

- Others

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

-

- Others

- Fellow Subsidiaries

28,204
26,037
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Trade receivables

17,120
7,584

- Subsidiaries

- Fellow Subsidiaries

2,504
1,979

- Others
21,060
10,768
Other current assets:

4,249
2,719

- Associates

- Fellow Subsidiaries
4,431
2,930
Other financial assets:

4,402
5,245

- Subsidiary, Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited*
4,769
13,648

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

-

- Fellow Subsidiaries

9,572
18,967
Other non-current assets:

- Associates

- SKH Metals Limited

- Others

1,940
1,530
Goods in transit:

2,459
3,216

- Associates

- Fellow Subsidiaries

2,480
3,228
Trade payables

27,126
24,655

- Subsidiaries

10,782
10,664

- Others

- Associates

10,563
7,174

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

2,461
2,407

- Others

As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
51,676
45,331
Other current/ non-current liabilities

- Subsidiary, J.J. Impex (Delhi) Limited

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

- Others

-

- Associates

-

- Machino Plastics Limited
-

- Others

- Joint Venture, Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India Private Limited
-

- Fellow Subsidiary, Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Ltd.

-
34.3 Key management personnel compensation#
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Short-term benefits
Total Compensation

Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Mr. Yukihiro Yamashita
-
Mr. Shigetoshi Torii
-
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Mr. Arnab Roy
Mr. Ajay Seth
-
Mr. Sanjeev Grover
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
-
Others
Total Compensation

Contribution to Post Retirement Plans

Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Group Gratuity Fund
1,210
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Provident Fund Trust
1,606
1,311
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Superannuation Fund
3,111
2,289
#Does not include post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits based on actuarial valuation as these are done for the
Company as a whole.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
35. LEASES
The Company as a Lessee
The Company s leases primarily consists of leases for land and buildings. Generally, the contracts are made for fixed periods and
does not have a purchase option at the end of the lease term. In a case where the Company has purchase option, the option is
exercisable at nominal value and the Company s obligations are secured by the lessor s title to the right-of use assets for such
leases.
(i) Amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to the leases:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Right-of-use assets*
Land
5,186
5,342
Buildings
Total
5,858
6,129
Land
Buildings
Total
Gross Carrying amount
Balance at April 01, 2023
6,379
6,976
Additions
Disposal / adjustments
(250)
(241)
Balance at March 31, 2024
6,151
1,257
7,408
Additions
Disposal / adjustments
(270)
-
(270)
Balance at March 31, 2025
6,067
1,364
7,431
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
Balance at April 01, 2023
1,072
Amortisation expenses
Disposal / adjustments
(13)
-
(13)
Balance at March 31, 2024
1,279
Amortisation expenses
Disposal / adjustments
(19)
-
(19)
Balance at March 31, 2025
1,573
Carrying amount
Balance at April 01, 2023
5,646
5,904
Additions

Disposal / adjustments
(237)
(228)
Amortisation expenses

(89)
(131)
(220)
Balance at March 31, 2024
5,342
6,129
Additions / transfer
Disposal / adjustments
(251)
-
(251)
Amortisation expenses
(91)
(222)
(313)
Balance at March 31, 2025

5,186
5,858
*Refer Note 4.1 (A) in respect of title deeds of immovable properties not in the name of the Company.
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Lease liabilities
Current
Non-Current
Total Carrying Amount
Maturity analysis of lease liabilities (contractual undiscounted cash flows )
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Within one year
Later than one year but less than five years
Later than five years
1,039
(ii) Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
The Statement of Profit and Loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Depreciation charge of right-of use assets

Land
Buildings
Total
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance cost)
Expense relating to short term and low value leases (included in other expense)
The total cash outflow for leases (including short term and low value leases) for the year ended March 31, 2025 were ` 742 million
(Previous Year ` 519 million).
(iii) Extension and termination option
Extension and termination options are included in various property and equipment leases executed by the company. These are
used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in company s operations. Generally, these options
are exercisable mutually by both the lessor and the lessee.
The Company as a Lessor
Leasing arrangements
The Company has entered into operating lease arrangements for various land and premises. These arrangements are cancellable
in nature and range between three to fifteen years. Lease rental income earned by the Company is set out in Note 22 as Rental
income .
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
36. CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Estimated value of contracts on capital account, excluding capital advances, remaining to be
executed and not provided for*
67,370
93,906
*Including outstanding commitments under Letters of Credit established by the Company
4,554
2,388
Outstanding commitments under Letters of Credit established by the Company (other than for
capital purchases)

-
Export obligation against import of capital goods under Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG)
scheme (refer note 41)

34,594
16,009
The Company also has commitments, on account of contracts remaining to be executed which are entered into in the normal
course of business. The Company does not have any other long term contracts including derivative contracts for which there will
be any material foreseeable losses.
37. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
A) Claims against the Company disputed and not acknowledged as debts (refer note below):

As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(i) Excise Duty

has filed further appeals and notices / orders on the same issues for other periods
1,376
1,560

(b) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeals
16,873
16,524

Total
18,249
18,084

1,766
(ii) Goods and Services Tax

(a) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeals
(iii) Service Tax

has filed further appeals and notices / orders on the same issues for other periods
2,430
1,888

(b) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeals

2,642
2,946

Total

5,072
4,834

(iv) Income Tax

has filed further appeals

5,665
10,506

(b) Cases pertaining to issues decided in favour of the Company for an earlier year but the Income
Tax Department has raised a demand for a similar issue for subsequent years and which are
pending before Appellate authorities / Dispute Resolution Panel pursuant to appeals filed by
88,436
83,201

(c) Other cases pending before Appellate authorities / Dispute Resolution Panel in appeals filed by
63,119
58,456

Total
157,220
152,163

7,454
6,651

As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(v) Custom Duty

(a) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeals
4,533
4,191

(b) Others

Total

4,648
4,298

-
(vi) Sales Tax

Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeals

-
(vii) Claims

Claims against the Company lodged by various parties
1,636
1,519

Others

6,016
5,498
(viii) In respect of disputed Local Area Development Tax (LADT) (upto April 15, 2008) / Entry Tax, the amounts under dispute are
` 21 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 21 million) for LADT and ` 20 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 20 million) for Entry Tax.
The State Government of Haryana has repealed the LADT effective from April 16, 2008 and introduced the Haryana Tax on
Entry of Goods into Local Area Act, 2008 with effect from the same date. After implementation of Goods & Services Act in
2017, Entry Tax Act in Haryana was repealed.
(ix) (a)
The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) had passed an order dated August 25, 2014 stating that the Company
has violated certain sections of the Competition Act, 2002 for not making diagnostic tools and genuine spare parts
freely available in the open market and has imposed a penalty of ` 4,712 million. The Delhi High Court, on May 16,
2019, disposed off the Company s petition stating that the Company had alternative remedies available. Thereafter, the
Company filed a Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court of India, wherein an interim stay on CCI s order was
granted on July 1, 2019 and the stay is continuing.

The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) had initiated suo-moto proceedings in the month of February 2019 alleging
that the Company has violated certain sections of the Competition Act, 2002 relating to resale price maintenance. The
Company filed its response to the Director General s investigation report against the Company before CCI on 9th
April 2021 and placed its final arguments during the virtual hearing on April 15, 2021. The Company has received the
order from CCI dated August 23, 2021, whereby the Commission has arrived at a decision against the Company and
a penalty of ` 2,000 million was imposed on the Company for imposing a discount control policy. The Company is of
the view that CCI has failed to consider voluminous evidence that IT has submitted in its defence. The Company has
been legally advised that there are fair and reasonable grounds to contest the case. The Company has filed an appeal
before the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal ( NCLAT ) to vigorously defend its position against CCI order.
The NCLAT has stayed the operation of CCI order including the cease and desist direction and penalty subject to the
Company depositing 10% of the penalty imposed i.e. ` 200 million. The Company had deposited ` 200 million and is
contesting the case.
Note: The amounts shown in item (A) represent the best possible estimates arrived at on the basis of available information. The
uncertainties and possible reimbursements are dependent on the outcome of the different legal processes which have been
invoked by the Company or the claimants as the case may be and therefore cannot be predicted accurately or relate to a present
obligations that arise from past events where IT is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle or a
reliable estimate cannot be made. The Company engages reputed professional advisors to protect its interests and has been
advised that IT has strong legal positions against such disputes.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
(B)
The Hon ble Supreme Court in a ruling, had passed a judgment on the definition and scope of Basic Wages under the
Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provision Act, 1952. Pending issuance of guidelines by the regulatory
authorities on the application of this ruling, the impact on the Company for the previous periods, if any, cannot be ascertained.
Currently, the Company has started providing for the revised liability w.e.f from April 1, 2019.

(C) The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has notified the Environment Protection (End-of-Life Vehicles)
Rules, 2025 ( ELV Rules ) on January 6, 2025, which come into effect from April 1, 2025. In accordance with ELV
rules, Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) obligations are imposed on producers ( vehicle manufacturers ) for the
scrapping of End-of-Life Vehicles. As per the ELV rules, such obligations are to be fulfilled through the purchase of EPR
certificates from registered Vehicle Scrapping Facilities via a Centralised Online Portal, which is yet to be developed and
made operational. In the absence of this portal, the registration of producers and vendors, pricing mechanism for EPR
certificates, and measurement framework for determining obligations are not yet available.

Consequently, the Company is currently unable to reliably estimate a range of possible outcomes and the impact will be
evaluated once the implementation framework for determining the reliable estimate is established.
38 The Company had entered into a Contract Manufacturing Agreement (CMA) on December 17, 2015 with Suzuki Motor
Gujarat Private Limited (SMG) which was then a fellow subsidiary. In accordance with the contractual terms, SMG during
the term of this agreement, was to manufacture and supply vehicles on an exclusive basis to MSIL. The consideration for
the arrangement was to be the cost incurred by SMG to manufacture the cars which was to be charged to the Company on
no-profit-no-loss basis.

The Company evaluated the arrangement in accordance with guidance provided in Ind AS 116 - Leases and concluded that
the specified assets and right to use the same are implied in the agreement. The Company also evaluated the contractual
rights and obligations including relating to pricing, termination and renewal and concluded that a reasonable certainty, as
defined by Ind AS 116 - Leases, does not exist across the lease period. Accordingly no right-of-use assets or lease liability
had been recognised on account of the given arrangement.

Further, as indicated above, in the absence of reasonable certainty, no right-of-use assets or lease liability was recognised.
The payments made towards cost of purchase of vehicles recorded during the year includes ` 24,000 million (previous year
` 22,141 million) towards a component of lease payment for specified assets [Written Down value of specified assets as on
March 31, 2025 is ` 81,883 million (Previous year ` 92,580 million)], as per the information provided by SMG.

Subject to legal and regulatory compliances including minority shareholders approval, the Board of Directors at its meeting
held on July 31, 2023 had approved termination of CMA with SMG and exercised the option to acquire 100% equity shares of
SMG from Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) and at its meeting held on October 17, 2023 had approved execution of a Share
Purchase and Subscription Agreement ( SPSA ) to acquire 100% equity capital of SMG owned by SMC. Based on the terms
of SPSA, the Company had discharged the consideration for such purchase of 100% of the SMG s equity shares by way of
issue and allotment of the Company s equity shares to SMC on a preferential basis for consideration other than cash.

Pursuant to the shareholders approval obtained through postal ballot for issue of equity shares to SMC on preferential
basis, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on November 24, 2023 allotted 12,322,514 equity shares of the Company
having face value of ` 5 each to SMC, at a price of ` 10,420.85 per equity share at a total consideration of ` 128,411 million
(Equity share capital of ` 62 million and Securities premium of ` 128,349 million) on a preferential basis for consideration
other than cash, for the purchase of 100% of 12,841,107,500 equity shares of SMG owned by SMC at share exchange ratio
of 1:1042.085.

Pursuant to such purchase of 100% equity shares from SMC, SMG, engaged in manufacturing and sale of motor vehicles,
components and spare parts became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Based on the terms of SPSA, SMG will
continue to manufacture vehicles and parts and supply them to the Company on a no-profit no-loss basis till March 31,
2024 or any other date agreed between the Company and SMG. The Company and SMG mutually agreed to continue the
arrangement till March 31, 2026 or such later date as the Company and SMG may decide by mutual agreement.

Further, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on January 29, 2025 had approved the Scheme of Amalgamation
( Scheme ) between the Company, Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and
their respective shareholders and creditors as per the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) and rules
framed thereunder. The First Motion application of the Scheme was filed on March 7, 2025 with the National Company
Law Tribunal, New Delhi. The Scheme is subject to the applicable statutory/ regulatory approvals as on the date of these
39 As per the requirements of proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2024, accounting software used by the
Company should have a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction. The Company s IT environment is
adequately governed with General information technology controls (GITCs) for financial reporting process and the Company
has assessed all of its IT applications that are relevant for maintaining books of account.

The Company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the year ended March 31, 2025.
However, the audit trail (edit log) feature was not enabled during the year, as the Company is in the process of migrating to
another accounting software in the near future.

The Company has also used various related accounting software wherein, audit trail feature was enabled and which operated
at database level during the month of March 2025 for certain tables. These related accounting software did not have the
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility at application level. The Company has not noted any tampering of the audit
trail feature in respect of the various related accounting software for which the audit trail feature was operating.

In respect of third-party accounting software used by the Company for maintaining and processing certain transactions,
the independent auditor s report does not cover whether the audit trail was enabled or not, as per the requirements of the
proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
40. ADDITIONAL NOTES
The Company had not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related
parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person, that are repayable on
demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
The Company was not holding any benami property and no proceedings were initiated or pending against the Company for
holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.
The Company had not been declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender (as defined under
the Companies Act, 2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve
Bank of India.
The Company did not have any transactions with struck off companies under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or
section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.
The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during year ended March 31, , 2025.
The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources
or kind of funds) any funds to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
The Company has not received any funds from any persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries )
or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
The Company did not have any transaction which had not been recorded in the books of account that had been surrendered
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey
or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
40.1. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
Cash flows
New leases
Others*
Borrowings
Current borrowings
(331)
-
Lease liabilities

(20)
(226)
(178)
-
Total
1,186
(529)
-
As at
March 31, 2023
As at
March 31, 2024
Cash flows
New leases
Others*
Borrowings
Current borrowings
12,158
(11,827)
-
Lease liabilities
-
(67)
(178)
(66)
-
Total
12,473
(11,960)
-
1,186
*Effect of transfer of non-current portion of lease liabilities to current lease liabilities for future lease payments.
41. EXPORT PROMOTION CAPITAL GOODS (EPCG)

Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme allows import of capital goods including spares for pre-production,
production and post production at zero customs duty subject to an export obligation of upto 6 times of customs duty saved
on capital goods imported under EPCG scheme, to be fulfilled in 6 years reckoned from authorisation issue date.

The Company has been availing the benefit and have been importing capital goods under the scheme at zero customs duty.
The Company has accounted for the benefits received in accordance with Ind AS 20 - Accounting for Government Grants
and Disclosure of Government Assistance. Accordingly, the Company has accounted for EPCG income amounting to ` Nil
(March 31, 2024 : ` 41 million). Deferred government grant balance as on March 31, 2025 is ` 1,819 million (March 31, 2024 :
` 836 million).

The benefit (savings of customs duty equivalent to non-cenvatable portion) obtained from the Government has been treated
as a Government grant, which has been accounted for as deferred benefit under other current liabilities in note 19 and
recognised as a cost of property, plant and equipment. As per the EPCG scheme, the Company has an export obligation
equivalent to 6 times of total duty saved (refer note 36). The deferred benefit accounted for, shall be credited to Statement
of Profit and Loss on a pro-rata basis as and when the export obligation is fulfilled.
42 AUDITORS REMUNERATION* (refer note 28)

Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Statutory audit

Limited review
Taxation matters

-
Other services

Reimbursement of expenses

Total
*Excluding Goods and Services Tax.
43. DETAILS OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Revenue expenditure

Employees remuneration and benefits

7,593
5,919

Other expenses of manufacturing and administration
4,161
3,445
Capital expenditure
3,795
2,326
Less: Contract research income

(9,671)
(2,555)
5,878
9,135
Note: The Research and Development expenses pertains to the Company s R&D facilities, which include one unit in Rohtak and
two units in Gurgaon: Gurgaon manufacturing facility and TAG Building.
44. CIF VALUE OF IMPORTS
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Raw materials and components

38,287
36,687
Capital goods

18,100
15,908

1,347
Dies and moulds

Others

45. VALUE OF IMPORTED AND INDIGENOUS MATERIAL CONSUMED
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
i) Raw material and components

Imported

18,783
18,017

Indigenous

5,10,488
4,41,380
5,29,271
4,59,397

Imported

4%
Indigenous

96%
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
ii) Machinery spares
Imported

Indigenous

4,204
3,452
5,020
3,943

Imported

16%
12%
Indigenous

84%
88%
iii) Consumption of stores

Imported

Indigenous

3,032
2,551
3,282
2,806

Imported

8%
9%
Indigenous

92%
91%
46. LICENSED CAPACITY, INSTALLED CAPACITY AND ACTUAL PRODUCTION
Product
Units
Installed
Capacity*
Actual
Production
Passenger Vehicle and Light Commercial Vehicles
Nos
1,650,000
1,309,493
(1,300,000)
(1,158,897)
Notes
* Installed capacity is as certified by the management and relied upon by the auditors, being a technical matter.
Previous year figures are in bracket.
47. SALES, OPENING STOCK AND CLOSING STOCK
Product
Sales
Opening Stock
Closing Stock
Qty (Nos)
Value
Qty (Nos)
Value
Qty (Nos)
Value
Passenger Vehicle and
Light Commercial
Vehicles

2,234,266
1,257,091
23,006
13,373
35,810
20,413
(2,135,323)
(1,170,404)
(22,992)
(9,574)
(23,006)
(13,373)
Spare Parts,
Components and
Accessories

*
193,558
*
5,828
*
7,050
*
(178,571)
*
(5,497)
*
(5,828)
Dies, Moulds and
Others
*
-
*
-
*
(403)
*
-
*
-
Work in Progress
*
NA
*
2,395
*
3,036
*
(NA)
*
(2,096)
*
(2,395)
Notes
Traded goods comprise vehicle, spares, components, dies and moulds. During the year 939,445 vehicle (March 31, 2024 :
977,814 vehicle) was purchased.
Closing stock of vehicles is after adjustment of Nil vehicles (March 31, 2024 : Nil) totally damaged.
Sales quantity excludes own use vehicles 1,860 Nos. (March 31, 2024 : 1,370 Nos.) and other stipulated category vehicle
(True Value) 13 Nos. (March 31, 2024 : 3 Nos.).
Sales quantity excludes sample vehicles 21 Nos. (March 31, 2024 : 7 Nos.)
Previous year figures are in bracket.
* In view of the innumerable sizes / numbers (individually less that 10%) of the components, spare parts and dies and moulds IT is
not possible to give quantitative details.
48. STATEMENT OF RAW MATERIAL AND COMPONENTS CONSUMED
Group of raw material and
components
Unit
Qty
Amount
Qty
Amount
Steel coils
MT
223,132
17,782
197,144
15,713
Ferrous castings

MT
16,093
3,240
15,419
3,175
Non-ferrous castings

MT
41,039
9,928
39,514
8,864
Other components

*
493,805
*
427,643
Paints
K.LTR
12,575
11,011
MT
10,846
4,517
9,137
4,002
529,272
459,397
* In view of the innumerable sizes / numbers (individually less than 10%) of the components, spare parts and dies and moulds IT
is not possible to give quantitative details.
49. RATIOS
The following are analytical ratios for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024
Particulars
Numerator
Denominator
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Variance
Reason for Variance
Current Ratio
Current
Assets
Current
Liabilities
0.9
0.8
9.7%

Debt Service Coverage
Ratio
Earnings
available for
Debt Service*
Debt
Service**
79.4
11.9
569.5%
Increase is mainly
due to decrease
in debt service
during the current
year on account
lower utlisation of
borrowing facility
and increase in the
earnings available
for debt service as
Return on Equity Ratio
Net Profits
After Taxes
Average
Shareholder s
Equity
15.7%
18.3%
-14.3%

Inventory Turnover Ratio
Sale of
Average
Inventory
31.4
32.1
-2.2%
Trade Receivables
Turnover Ratio
Sale of
Average
Trade
Receivable
26.1
34.2
-23.8%
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Particulars
Numerator
Denominator
FY 2024-25
FY 2023-24
Variance
Reason for Variance
Trade Payables Turnover
Ratio
Purchases^
Average
Trade
Payables
6.8
7.6
-10.2%
Net Capital Turnover
Ratio
Sale of
Working
Capital
(41.8)
(29.6)
-41.2%
due to reduction
in the shortfall of
current asset over
current liabilities
and increase in
sales of products
in the current year
as compared to the
Net Profit Ratio
Net Profit
Sale of
9.6%
9.8%
-1.8%
Return on Capital
Employed
Earning
before interest
and taxes
Capital
Employed^^
21.8%
23.8%
-8.3%
Return on Investment on
Investment in
subsidiaries / associates
and joint ventures
Income
Time-
0.3%
1.2%
-73.2%
due to higher time-
weighted average
investments as
previous year
on account of
investment in
subsidiary (SMG) in
November 2023.
Quoted equity
Income
Time-
6.8%
24.1%
-71.6%
due to reduction in
fair value gain and
increase in time-
weighted average
investments during
the current year as
Unquoted equity
Income
Time-
15.5%
10.6%
45.4%
Increase is mainly
due to increase
in fair value gains
in current year as
Debt mutual funds
Income
Time-
8.2%
7.5%
9.3%

*Net profit after taxes + non-cash operating expenses + interest + loss on sale of fixed assets.
**Interest and lease payments + principal repayments
^Purchases of raw materials and stock in trade
^^Total equity + borrowings - cash and cash equivalents + deferred tax liabilities
50 The figures of previous year have been re-grouped, wherever necessary, to conform to the current year classification.
51 The standalone financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on April 25, 2025.
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
Chief Financial Officer
Executive officer and Company Secretary
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076

ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
To The Members of Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial
statements of Maruti Suzuki India Limited ( the Parent ) and its
subsidiaries, (the Parent Company and its subsidiaries together
referred to as the Group ) which includes the Group s share
of profit in its associates and joint ventures, which comprise
the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, and the
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other
Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on that date, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements including a summary of material accounting
policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according
to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration
of reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements
/ financial information of the subsidiaries referred to in the Other
Matters section below, the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements give the information required by the Companies
Act, 2013 (the Act ) in the manner so required and give a
true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting
Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act ( Ind AS )
and other accounting principles generally accepted in India,
of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March
31, 2025, and their consolidated profit, their consolidated total
comprehensive income, their consolidated cash flows and their
consolidated changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing ( SA s) specified
under section 143 (10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those
Standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibility
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group, its associates and
joint ventures in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) together
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of
the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the ICAI s Code of Ethics. We believe that
the audit evidence obtained by us and the audit evidence
obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred
to in the sub-paragraph (a) of the Other Matters section below,
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. We have determined the matters described
below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our
Independent Auditor s Report
No. Key Audit Matter
Auditor s Response
Evaluation of uncertain tax positions
relating to Income taxes and Excise duty
The Group has material uncertain tax
positions
relating
to
matters
under
litigations/disputes in respect of Income
taxes and Excise duty. These matters
involve significant management judgement
to estimate financial impact and to
determine the possible outcome of such
disputes/litigations.
Refer note 2.5.3 and 38(A)(i) and (iv) of the
consolidated financial statements.
Principal audit procedures performed:
a) We evaluated the design and implementation of internal controls and tested the
operating effectiveness of controls for estimation of the amount of financial impact
and assessment of possible outcome of Income taxes and Excise duty litigations and
consequent recording /disclosure in the financial statements.
b) We obtained assessment orders of Income tax and Excise duty issued by relevant
authorities and management s evaluation of those assessment orders and performed
the following procedures:

We verified the arithmetical accuracy of the computation prepared by management
based on the assessment orders to determine the financial impact of the matters
under dispute and consequent recording/ disclosure in the financial statements.

We involved our tax specialists to review the management s underlying
assumptions in estimating the financial impact and the possible outcome of the
litigations and disputes after considering legal precedence and other rulings.

We assessed the accounting principles applied by the Group to measure and disclose
the financial impact of these litigations in accordance with the Indian Accounting
Standards, applicable regulatory financial reporting framework and other accounting
Information Other than the Financial Statements and
Auditor s Report Thereon

The Parent s Board of Directors is responsible for the
other information. The other information comprises the
Corporate Governance Report (but does not include the
consolidated financial statements, standalone financial
statements and our auditor s report thereon) which we
obtained prior to the date of this auditor s report, and the
Board s Report including Annexures to Board s Report,
Management Discussion and Analysis and Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting, which are
expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does
not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when IT becomes available
and, compare with the financial statements of the
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates audited by the
other auditors, to the extent IT relates to these entities and,
in doing so, place reliance on the work of the other auditors
and consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. Other
information so far as IT relates to the subsidiaries, joint
ventures and associates, is traced from their financial
statements audited by the other auditors.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other
information that we obtained prior to the date of this
auditor s report, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Board s Report including Annexures to
Board s Report, Management Discussion and Analysis and
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting, if we
conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we
are required to communicate the matter to those charged
with governance as required under SA 720 The Auditor s
responsibilities Relating to Other Information.
Responsibilities of Management and Board of
Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Parent s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters
stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation
of these consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated
financial performance including other comprehensive income,
consolidated cash flows and consolidated changes in equity
of the Group including its Associates and Joint ventures in
accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted
in India including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in
the Group and of its associates and joint ventures are responsible
for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the
Group and its associates and its joint ventures and for preventing
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and
application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial
controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give
a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the
purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements
by the Directors of the Parent, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the
respective Management and Board of Directors of the
companies included in the Group and of its associates and
joint ventures are responsible for assessing the ability of the
respective entities to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board
of Directors either intend to liquidate their respective entities or
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group and of its associates and joint ventures are also
responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of the
Group and of its associates and joint ventures.
Auditor s Responsibility for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs
will always detect a material misstatement when IT exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for

Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
expressing our opinion on whether the Parent Company
has adequate internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group and
its associates and joint ventures to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
we are required to draw attention in our auditor s report
to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s
report. However, future events or conditions may cause
the Group and its associates and joint ventures to cease
to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content
of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
statements represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
the financial information of the entities or business
activities within the Group and its associates and joint
ventures to express an opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
supervision and performance of the audit of the financial
statements of such entities or business activities included
in the consolidated financial statements of which we are
the independent auditors. For the entities or business
activities included in the consolidated financial statements,
which have been audited by the other auditors, such other
auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audits carried out by them. We
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated
financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes
IT probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably
knowledgeable user of the consolidated financial statements
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work
and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate
the effect of any identified misstatements in the consolidated
financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of
the Parent Company and such other entities included in
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
financial controls that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships
and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements / financial
information of 2 subsidiaries, whose financial statements /
financial information reflect total assets of ` 655 million as at
March 31, 2025, total revenues of ` 792 million and net cash
inflows amounting to ` 10 million for the year ended on that
date, as considered in the consolidated financial statements.
These financial statements / financial information have been
audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished
to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts and
disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries and our
report in terms of subsection (3) of Section 143 of the Act,
in so far as IT relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries is based
solely on the reports of the other auditors.
The consolidated financial statements also include the
Group s share of net profit of ` 2,429 million for the year
ended March 31, 2025, as considered in the consolidated
financial statements, in respect of 14 associates and 3
joint ventures, whose financial statements have not been
audited by us. These financial statements / financial
information are unaudited and have been furnished to us
by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, in so far as IT relates to the amounts
and disclosures included in respect of these joint ventures
and associates, is based solely on such unaudited financial
statements / financial information. In our opinion and
according to the information and explanations given to us
by the Management, these financial statements / financial
information are not material to the Group.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements above and
our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below,
is not modified in respect of the above matters with respect
to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other
auditors and the financial statements / financial information
certified by the Management.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit
and on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors
on the separate financial statements/ financial information
of the subsidiaries referred to in the Other Matters section
above we report, to the extent applicable that:
We have sought and obtained all the information and
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of
the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, proper books of account as required by
law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements have been kept by the Group,
its associates and joint ventures including relevant
records so far as IT appears from our examination
of those books and the reports of the other auditors
except in relation to compliance with the requirements
of audit trail, refer paragraph (i)(vi) below.
The consolidated Balance Sheet, the consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other
Comprehensive Income, the consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows and the Statement of Changes in Equity
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the
relevant books of account maintained for the purpose
of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Section 133 of the Act.
On the basis of the written representations received
from the directors of the Parent Company as on March
31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors
of the Company and the reports of the statutory
auditors of its subsidiary companies, incorporated
in India, none of the directors of the Group companies
incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31,
2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of
Section 164 (2) of the Act.
The modification relating to the maintenance of
accounts and other matters connected therewith, is
as stated in paragraph (b) above.
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements and the operating effectiveness of such
controls, refer to our separate Report in Annexure A
which is based on the auditors reports of the Parent
company and subsidiary companies incorporated in
India. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on
the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements of those companies.
With respect to the other matters to be included in the
Auditor s Report in accordance with the requirements
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended,

In our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us, the
remuneration paid by the Parent Company to their
respective directors during the year is in accordance
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as
amended in our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us:
The consolidated financial statements disclose
the impact of pending litigations on the
consolidated financial position of the Group, its
associates and joint ventures - Refer note 38(A)
to the consolidated financial statements;
ii)
The Group, its associates and joint ventures
did not have any material foreseeable losses,
on long-term contracts including derivative
contracts - Refer note 37 to the consolidated
iii)
There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the
Parent Company and its subsidiary companies,
associate companies and joint venture
companies incorporated in India- Refer note 16
to the consolidated financial statements.
iv)
The respective Managements of the Parent
Company and its subsidiaries, which are
companies incorporated in India, whose
financial statements have been audited
under the Act, have represented to us and
to the other auditors of such subsidiaries
respectively that, to the best of their
knowledge and belief, as disclosed in
note 43(f) to the consolidated financial
statements, no funds have been advanced
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed
funds or share premium or any other
sources or kind of funds) by the Parent
Company or any of such subsidiaries to
or in any other person or entity, including
foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with
the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall, directly or indirectly lend or invest
in other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Parent Company or any of such
subsidiaries ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
(b) The respective Managements of the Parent
Company and its subsidiaries, which
are companies incorporated in India,

Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
whose financial statements have been
audited under the Act, have represented
to us and to the other auditors of such
subsidiaries respectively that, to the
best of their knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in note 43(g) to the consolidated
financial statements, no funds have been
received by the Parent Company or any
of such subsidiaries from any person or
entity, including foreign entities ( Funding
Parties ), with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
Parent Company or any of such subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the
Funding Party ( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or
Based on the audit procedures performed
that have been considered reasonable
and appropriate in the circumstances
performed by us and that performed by
the auditors of the subsidiaries which are
companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited
under the Act, nothing has come to our
or other auditor s notice that has caused
us or the other auditors to believe that the
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii)
of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b)
above, contain any material misstatement.
v)
The final dividend proposed in the previous year,
declared and paid by the Parent Company and its
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures which are
companies incorporated in India, whose financial
statements have been audited under the Act, where
applicable, during the year is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
As stated in note 14.5 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Board of Directors of the
Parent Company and its subsidiaries which are
companies incorporated in India, whose financial
statements have been audited under the Act,
where applicable, have proposed final dividend
for the year which is subject to the approval of
the members of the Parent Company and such
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at the
ensuing respective Annual General Meetings.
Such dividend proposed is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
vi)
Based on our examination, which included test
checks, the Parent Company and a subsidiary
company incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the Act,
have used accounting software for maintaining
their respective books of account for the
financial year ended March 31, 2025, wherein:
in respect of one accounting software used
by the Parent Company, the audit (edit log)
feature was not enabled throughout the year.
in respect of accounting software used
by a subsidiary company for the period
April 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, the
audit (edit log) feature was not enabled
throughout the period.
The subsidiary company migrated its
accounting software w.e.f. January 1,
2025, wherein the audit (edit log) feature of
capturing logs for transactions processed
through transaction codes (user interface)
was enabled and which operated
throughout the period upto March 31,
2025 for all relevant transactions recorded
in the software. However, this accounting
software did not have the audit trail (edit
log) feature enabled for direct changes to
certain tables made by users with privilege
access at the application level, and audit
(edit log) feature was not enabled at
database level. Further, we have not come
across any instances of tampering with
the audit trail for transactions processed
through transaction codes (user interface)
at application level. However, we are
unable to comment whether there were
any instances of tampering where IT was
not enabled or operated (at database level)
during the relevant period.
in respect of various related accounting
software, the Parent Company and a
subsidiary company have enabled and
operated audit trail (edit log) feature at
database level during the month of March
2025 for certain tables. These accounting
software did not have the feature of
recording audit trail (edit log) facility at
application level. Further, during the course
of our audit, we did not come across any
instances of audit trail (edit log) feature
being tampered with for these related
accounting software for the period for
which the audit trail feature was enabled
and operating.
in respect of accounting software operated
by third party software service provider,
used by the Parent Company for maintaining
and processing certain transactions, in the
absence of independent auditor s report
covering the audit trail requirement, we
are unable to comment whether audit trail
feature of the said software was enabled
and operated throughout the year for all
the relevant transactions recorded in this
software or whether there were any instances
of the audit trail feature been tampered with.

Refer note 42 to the consolidated financial

As audit trail (edit log) facility was not
available/not enabled during the year ended
March 31, 2024, reporting under Rule 11 (g)
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014 on preservation of audit trail as per the
statutory requirements for record retention is
not applicable.

Based on the other auditor s reports of two other
subsidiary companies incorporated in India
whose financial statements have been audited
under the Act, these subsidiary companies
have used accounting software for maintaining
their respective books of account for the
financial year ended March 31, 2025, which
have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
facility and the same has operated throughout
the year for all relevant transactions recorded
in the software. Further, auditors of the other
two subsidiary companies, whose reports have
been furnished to us by the Management of the
Parent Company, have not come across any
instance of the audit trail feature being tampered
with and the audit trail has been preserved by
the subsidiary companies as per the statutory
requirements for record retention.

In respect of 14 associates and 3 joint ventures,
where the financial statements/financial
information are unaudited, we are unable to
comment on the reporting requirements under
Rule 11(g).
2.
With respect to the matters specified in clause (xxi) of
paragraph (3) and paragraph 4 of the Companies (Auditor s
Report) Order, 2020 ( CARO / the Order ) issued by the
Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the
Act, according to the information and explanations given
to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us and
the auditors of respective companies included in the
consolidated financial statements to which reporting under
CARO is applicable, as provided to us by the Management
of the Parent, we report that in respect of those companies
where audits have been completed under section 143 of
the Act, there are no qualifications or adverse remarks
by the respective auditors in the CARO reports of the
said companies included in the consolidated financial
statements. Further, in respect of the following companies
included in the consolidated financial statements, whose
audit under section 143 of the Act has not yet been
completed, the CARO report as applicable in respect of
those companies are not available and consequently have
not been provided to us as on the date of this audit report:
Name of the Company
CIN
Nature of relationship
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India Private Limited
U35914HR2010PTC040501 Joint Venture
U40300HR2007PTC046166 Joint Venture
U37100DL2019PTC356516
Joint Venture
L34300DL1986PLC023540
Associate
L29130DL1987PLC027342
Associate
L25209HR2003PLC035034
Associate
U74899DL1994PLC058269
Associate
U34300DL1991PTC046656
Associate
U34300HR1991PLC032012 Associate
U74130HR1986PLC023655 Associate
U29309TN1994PLC027555
Associate
U32204DL1993PLC055905
Associate
U35923HR2006FTC036301 Associate
U34201HR2007PTC056640 Associate
U27205HR2010PTC041264 Associate
U45101GJ2018SGC105602 Associate
U74999DL2010PTC210739
Associate
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Partner
Place: New Delhi
(Membership No. 93474)
Date: April 25, 2025
(UDIN: 25093474BMOMBH8137)

Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements under
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the
Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act )
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial
statements of the Company as at and for the year ended
March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated financial statements of Maruti
Suzuki India Limited (hereinafter referred to as Parent ) and
its subsidiary companies, its associate companies and joint
ventures, which are companies incorporated in India, as of that
date.
Management s and Board of Directors
Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Company s management and Board of Directors
of the Parent, its subsidiary companies, its associate companies
and joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in India,
are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial
based on the internal control with reference to consolidated
financial statements criteria established by the respective
Companies considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities
include the design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls that were operating
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its
business, including adherence to the respective company s
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
financial information, as required under the Companies Act,
2013.
Auditor s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of
the Parent, its subsidiary companies, its associate companies
and its joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in
India, based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance
with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards
on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies
Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply
with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements was established and maintained and if such controls
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated financial statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the
audit evidence obtained by other auditors of the subsidiary
companies, associate companies and joint ventures, which
are companies incorporated in India, in terms of their reports
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements of Parent, its subsidiary companies,
its associate companies and its joint ventures, which are
companies incorporated in India.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to
consolidated financial statements is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company's internal financial control
with reference to consolidated financial statements includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorisations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(g) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements section of our report
of even date)
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated financial statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management override
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation
of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk
that the internal financial control with reference to consolidated
financial statements may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion to the best of our information and according to
the explanations given to us and based on the consideration
of the reports of other auditors referred to in the Other Matters
paragraph below, Parent and its subsidiary companies which
are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements and such internal financial
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on
the criteria for internal financial control with reference to
consolidated financial statements established by the respective
companies considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the
adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial
insofar as IT relates to 2 subsidiary companies, which are
companies incorporated in India, is based solely on the
corresponding reports of the auditors of such companies
incorporated in India.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Partner
Place: New Delhi
(Membership No. 93474)
Date: April 25, 2025
(UDIN: 25093474BMOMBH8137)

Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Notes
Page
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
318,966
267,982
5,960
6,129
4.1
75,272
75,043
Intangible assets
4,901
4,537
Intangible assets under development
5.1
4,018
2,305
Financial assets

Investments
579,278
533,838

Loans

3,003
2,981
Non-current tax assets (Net)
4,969
5,838
Deferred tax assets (Net)
Other non-current assets
28,102
28,049
Total non-current assets
1,024,476
927,170
Current assets
Inventories
69,132
53,181
Financial assets

Investments
83,376
39,122

Trade receivables
65,397
45,968

11.1
1,845
26,595

11.2
3,684
1,679

Loans

33,489
34,186
Other current assets
37,684
25,077
Assets classified as held for sale
12.1
Total current assets
295,242
226,338
Total assets
1,319,718
1,153,508
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity

1,572

Other equity
960,827
854,788
Total equity
962,399
856,360
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities

Other Financial Liabilities
-

Provisions
1,260
1,448

Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
15,944
3,888

Other non-current liabilities
33,819
31,617
Total non-current liabilities
51,614
37,630
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
Lease liabilities
Trade payables
2,082
2,070
202,933
167,814
29,546
22,237
Other current liabilities
42,477
41,739
Provisions
15,646
13,119
Current tax liabilities (Net)
12,737
12,030
Total current liabilities
305,705
259,518
Total liabilities
357,319
297,148
Total equity and liabilities
1,319,718
1,153,508
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Particulars
Notes
Page
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
1,529,130
1,418,582
Other income
50,222
40,935
Total Income (I+II)
1,579,352
1,459,517
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed
24.1
873,183
789,153
Purchases of stock-in-trade
214,000
212,042
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
24.2
(12,275)
(3,786)
70,260
63,016
Finance costs
1,942
1,936
56,082
52,558
Other expenses
186,148
175,501
Vehicles / dies for own use
(3,749)
(2,607)
Total expenses (IV)
1,385,591
1,287,813
Share of profit of associates
2,152
2,263
Share of profit of joint ventures
Profit before tax (III - IV + V + VI)
196,200
174,245
VIII Tax expense
Current tax (Including Minimum Alternate Tax)
38,829
36,633
Deferred tax
12,369
2,730
51,198
39,363
Profit for the year (VII - VIII)
145,002
134,882
Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit plan
14.5
(868)
(497)

(b) Fair value gain / (loss) on investments in equity
14.6
1,363
3,429

(c) gain / (loss) on share of other comprehensive income in associates and
joint ventures
(10)
2,943
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(148)
(274)
Total other comprehensive income for the year (i+ii)
2,669
Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX + X)
145,339
137,551
Profit for the year attributed to:
145,002
134,882
-
145,002
134,882
Other comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
2,669
-
2,669
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
145,339
137,551
-
145,339
137,551
Earnings per equity share (of ` 5 each)
Basic
461.20
429.01
Diluted
461.20
429.01
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Consolidated Statement of Profit And Loss
For the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
Notes
Page
Year ended March
31, 2025
Year ended March
31, 2024
Operating activities
196,200
174,245
Adjustments for
Share of profit of associates
(2,152)
(2,263)
Share of profit of joint ventures
(287)
(278)
Share of dividend from joint ventures and associates
56,082
52,558
Finance costs
1,942
1,936
Interest income
(4,329)
(3,968)
Dividend income
(92)
(61)
1,000
(1,297)
(901)
(43,992)
(36,005)
Unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/ loss
(95)
Operating Profit before Working Capital changes
203,215
186,765
Adjustments for changes in Working Capital
- (Increase)/decrease in loans (non-current)
-
- (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets (non-current)
(22)
(583)
- (Increase)/decrease in other non-current assets
(10)
2,341
- (Increase)/decrease in inventories
(15,951)
1,254
- (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables
(19,692)
(13,164)
- (Increase)/decrease in advance in the nature of loans (current)
(105)
(30)
- (Increase)/decrease in other financial assets (current)
(8,241)
- (Increase)/decrease in other current assets
(12,607)
(9,475)
- Increase/(decrease) in non-current provisions
(172)
- Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities (non-current)
-
- Increase/(decrease) in other non-current liabilities
2,202
5,767
- Increase/(decrease) in trade payables
35,093
33,214
- Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities (current)
5,384
(3,845)
- Increase/(decrease) in current provisions
1,353
1,331
- Increase/(decrease) in other current liabilities
(87)
8,074
Cash generated from Operating Activities
199,430
203,982
- Income taxes paid (net)
(38,068)
(35,971)
Net Cash from Operating Activities
161,362
168,011
Investing activities
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment and capital work
in progress
(102,503)
(89,162)
Payments for purchase of intangible assets and intangible assets under
development
(3,903)
(2,837)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Payments for purchase of investment in equity shares of associates
(180)
(800)
Proceeds from sale of debt mutual funds
697,954
619,327
Payments for purchase of debt mutual funds
(738,801)
(657,099)
Payments for purchase of unquoted investments
(20)
(260)
Investment in fixed deposits with bank
(5,012)
(1,636)
Proceeds from fixed deposits with bank
2,998
9,590
Particulars
Notes
Page
Year ended March
31, 2025
Year ended March
31, 2024
Interest received
4,439
3,722
Dividend received
Net cash from / (used in) investing activities
(144,561)
(118,648)
Financing activities
Movement in short term borrowings (Net)
(331)
(11,827)
14.5
(39,300)
(27,187)
Repayment of lease liabilities
(253)
(134)
Interest on lease liabilities
14.5
(89)
(52)
Finance costs (other than interest on lease liabilities)
(1,578)
(1,420)
Net cash from / (used in) financing activities
(41,551)
(40,620)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
(24,750)
8,743
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
26,595
17,852
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
1,845
26,595
Cash and cash equivalents comprises:
Cash and cheques on hand
11.1
Balance with banks
11.2
1,841
26,594
1,845
26,595
Other bank balances:
Deposits
11.2
3,650
1,636
11.2
3,684
1,679
Note: The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the Indirect Method as set out in Ind AS - 7 Statement of Cash Flows
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No. 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended March 31, 2025
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Amount
Balance at April 1, 2023 (refer note 13)
1,572
-
Balance at April 1, 2024
1,572
-
Balance at March 31, 2025
1,572
Other equity
Reserves and Surplus
Attributable to
owners of the
parent
Total
Reserves
Securities
Capital
reserves
General
Retained
Employee
Welfare
Fund
Scientific
Research
Fund
Equity instrument
Balance at
April 1, 2023
(refer note 39)
8,044 132,590
- 29,309 556,860
2,321
2,087
13,219
744,430 744,430
-
- 134,882
-
134,882 134,882
Other
income for the year,
net of income tax
-
(369)
-
3,027
2,658
Share of other
income in
associates and joint
ventures
-
Total
income for the
-
- 134,524
-
3,027
137,551 137,551
Payment of
dividend
-
- (27,187)
-
(27,187) (27,187)
Transaction cost
on issue of equity
shares (refer note
39)
-
(6)
-
(6)
Income from
Employee Welfare
Fund
-
(201)
-
Expense on
Employee Welfare
Fund
-
(162)
-
Balance at March
31, 2024
8,044 132,584
- 29,309 664,158
2,360
2,087
16,246
854,788 854,788
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
As At March 31, 2025
Reserves and Surplus
Attributable to
owners of the
parent
Total
Reserves
Securities
Capital
reserves
General
Retained
Employee
Welfare
Fund
Scientific
Research
Fund
Equity instrument
-
- 145,002
-
145,002 145,002
Other
income for the year,
net of income tax
-
(643)
-
Share of other
income in
associates and joint
ventures
-
(10)
-
(10)
Total
income for the
-
- 144,349
-
145,339 145,339
Payment of
dividend
-
- (39,300)
-
(39,300) (39,300)
Income from
Employee Welfare
Fund
-
(232)
-
Expense on
Employee Welfare
Fund
-
(69)
-
Balance at
March 31, 2025
8,044 132,584
- 29,309 769,044
2,523
2,087
17,236
960,827 960,827
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018)
Alka Chadha
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Partner
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
(Membership No. 93474)
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Chief Financial Officer
Executive officer and Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
Date: April 25, 2025
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
As At March 31, 2025
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
GENERAL INFORMATION
Maruti Suzuki India Limited ( the Company or the Parent
Company or the Holding Company ) is a public limited
company incorporated and domiciled in India, listed on
the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock
Exchange (NSE). The address of its registered office is #1,
Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi - 110070.
The Company is a subsidiary of Suzuki Motor Corporation,
Japan. The principal activities of the Company and its
subsidiaries are manufacturing, purchase and sale of
motor vehicles, components and spare parts. The other
activities of the Company comprise facilitation of pre-
owned car sales, fleet management and car financing. The
consolidated financial statements relates to Maruti Suzuki
India Limited and its subsidiary companies (collectively
referred as the Group ) and associates and joint ventures.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Statement of compliance
The financial statements have been prepared as a going
concern in accordance with the Indian Accounting
Standards ( Ind AS ) prescribed under section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ), and other accounting
2.2 Basis of preparation and presentation
The financial statements have been prepared on the
historical cost convention on accrual basis except for
certain financial instruments which are measured at fair
value at the end of each reporting period, as explained in
the accounting policies mentioned below. Historical cost
is generally based on the fair value of the consideration
given in exchange of goods or services.
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
or non-current according to the Group s operating cycle
and other criteria set out in the Act. Based on the nature
of products and the time between the acquisition of
assets for processing and their realisation in cash and
cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained its operating
cycle as twelve months for the purpose of current and non-
current classification of assets and liabilities.
The principal accounting policies are set out below.
2.3 Basis of Consolidation and equity accounting

Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has
control. The Group controls an entity when the Group
is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
its involvement with the entity and has the ability
to affect those returns through its power to direct
the relevant activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are
fully consolidated from the date on which control is
transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
from the date the control ceases.
The Group combines the financial statements of
the parent and its subsidiaries line by line adding
together like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income
and expenses. Intercompany transactions, balance
and unrealised gains on transactions between
Group companies are eliminated. Accounting
policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
necessary to ensure consistency with the policies
adopted by the Group.
Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of
subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss, consolidated statement
of change in equity and balance sheet respectively.

Associates
An associate is an entity over which the Group has
significant influence. Significant influence is the
power to participate in the financial and operating
policy decisions of the investee but is not control
or joint control over those policies. Investments in
associates are accounted for using the equity method
of accounting (see note (iv) below), after initially being
recognised at cost.

(iii) Joint Ventures
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the
parties that have joint control of the arrangement
have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement.
Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of
control of an arrangement, which exists only when
decisions about the relevant activities require
unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using
the equity method of accounting (see note(iv)
below), after initially being recognised at cost in the
consolidated balance sheet.

(iv) Equity Method
Under the equity method of accounting, the
investments are initially recognised at cost and
adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group s share
of the post acquisition profits or losses of the investee
in the Statement of Profit and Loss, and the Group s
share of other comprehensive income of the investee
in other comprehensive income. Dividends received
or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of
the investment.
When the Group s share of losses in equity-
accounted investments equals or exceeds its interest
in the entity, including any other unsecured long term
receivables, the Group does not recognise further
losses, unless IT has incurred obligations or made
payments on behalf of the other entity.
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group
and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated
to the extent of the Group s interest in these entities.
Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the
transaction provides evidence of an impairment of
the asset transferred.
The carrying amount of equity accounted investments
are tested for impairment.

Changes in Ownership Interests
The Group treats transactions with non-controlling
interests which does not result in loss of control
as transaction with equity owners of the Group. A
change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
between the carrying amounts of the controlling
and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between
the amount of adjustment to non-controlling
interests and any consideration paid or received is
recognised within equity.
When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity
account for an investment because of loss of control,
joint control or significant influence, any retained
interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value
with the change in carrying amount recognised
in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The fair value
becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes
of subsequent accounting for the retained interest
as an associate, joint venture or financial asset.
In addition, any amounts previously recognised
in other comprehensive income in respect of
that entity are accounted for as if the Group had
directly disposed of related assets or liabilities.
This may mean that amounts previously recognised
in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an
associate is reduced but joint control or significant
influence is retained, only a proportionate share
of the amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or
loss where appropriate.
2.4. Going Concern
The Board of Directors have considered the financial
position of the Group as at March 31, 2025 and the
projected cash flows and financial performance of the
Group for at least twelve months from the date of approval
of these financial statements as well as planned cost and
cash improvement actions, and believe that the plan for
sustained profitability remains on course.
The Board of Directors have taken actions to ensure that
appropriate long-term cash resources are in place at the
date of signing the accounts to fund the Group s operations.
2.5. Use of Estimates and Judgements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with Ind AS requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amount of
assets, liabilities, income, expenses and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may
differ from the estimates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the
estimates are revised and future periods affected.
In particular, information about significant areas of
estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying
accounting policies that have the most significant effect
on the amounts recognised in the financial statements are
included in the following notes:
2.5.1 Provision for employee benefits
Provision for employee benefits requires that certain
assumptions such as expected future salary increases,
average life expectancy and discount rates etc. are
made in order to determine the amount to be recorded
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for retirement benefit obligations. Substantial changes
in the assumed development of any of these variables
may significantly change the Group s retirement benefit
obligations. (refer note 17 (i) and Note 32)
2.5.2 Provision for warranty and product recall
The Group creates provision based on historical warranty
claim and product recall experience. In addition,
assumptions on the amounts of potential costs are also
included while creating the provisions. The provisions
are regularly adjusted to reflect new information.
[refer note 17 (ii)]
2.5.3 Contingent liabilities: Income taxes and Excise
duty:
Income taxes: The Group s tax jurisdiction is in India.
Significant judgements are involved in determining
the provision for income taxes including judgement on
whether tax positions are probable of being sustained in
tax assessments. A tax assessment can involve complex
issues, which can only be resolved over extended time
periods. [refer note 38(A)(iv)]
Excise duty: Litigations comprise complex issues with
material amounts involved and are connected with a high
degree of uncertainty. Such litigations can only be resolved
over extended time periods. [refer note 38(A)(i)]
Accordingly, the assessment of whether an obligation
exists on the balance sheet date as a result of an event in
the past, and whether a future cash outflow is likely and
the obligation can be reliably estimated, largely depends
on estimations by the management.
2.5.4 Provision for litigation / disputes, other contingent
liabilities related to litigation/disputes
The Group faces litigations and claims from various
authorities and parties which are connected with a degree
of uncertainty. Such litigations can only be resolved over
extended time periods. Accordingly, the assessment of
whether an obligation exists on the balance sheet date as
a result of an event in the past, and whether a future cash
outflow is likely and the obligation can be reliably estimated,
largely depends on estimations by the management. [refer
note 17 (iii) and 38(A)(ii), (iii), (v to x)]
2.5.5. Property, Plant and Equipment - Useful economic
life
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant
proportion of the asset base of the Group. The charge
in respect of periodic depreciation is derived after
determining an estimate of an asset s expected useful
life and the expected residual value at the end of its life.
The useful lives and residual values of Group s assets are
determined by the management at the time the asset is
acquired and reviewed periodically, including at least at
each financial year end. [refer note 4]
2.5.6. Leases
Ind AS 116 - Leases requires lessees to determine the
lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease
adjusted with any option to extend or terminate the lease,
if the use of such option is reasonably certain. The Group
makes an assessment on the expected lease term on a
lease-by-lease basis. In evaluating the lease term, the
Group considers factors such as any significant leasehold
improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance
of the underlying asset to the Group s operations taking
into account the location of the underlying asset and the
availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future
periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects
the current economic circumstances. [refer note 36]
2.5.7. Income taxes - Minimum Alternate Tax ( MAT )
A subsidiary company is liable to pay tax in accordance
with the provisions of Minimum Alternate Tax ( MAT )
under section 115JB of the Income-tax Act, 1961, since IT
is higher than the taxes under the normal provisions of the
Income-tax Act, 1961. A subsidiary company is not availing
MAT credit in accordance with the provision of section
115JAA since the management is of the view that, IT is not
reasonably certain that tax on total income under normal
provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961, will be higher than
tax which would be payable under section 115JB of the
Income-tax Act, 1961 for any future assessment years.
[refer note 21]
2.5.8. Fiscal incentive
As per the terms of State Support Agreement (SSA)
executed between the Government of Gujarat and the
Company, the Group is eligible to receive sales tax / goods
and services tax benefit / incentive on meeting certain
conditions set out in the SSA. The management is of the
view that the Group shall meet all the eligibility criteria
and all other necessary conditions as per the SSA, for
availment of the such benefit / incentive and so the incentive
receivable is good and recoverable. [refer note 22]
2.5.9. Export Promotion Capital Goods
The Group has been availing the benefit (savings of
customs duty) under Export Promotion Capital Goods
(EPCG) scheme and have been importing capital goods
under the scheme at zero customs duty subject to an
export obligation of 6 times of duty saved to be fulfilled
in 6 years reckoned from Authorisation issue date. The
management is of the view that the Group shall be able to
fulfill the export obligation within the specified period of 6
years. [refer note 22]
2.6. Revenue recognition
The Group recognises revenue when the amount of
revenue and its related cost can be reliably measured and
IT is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the
entity and degree of managerial involvement associated
with ownership or effective control have been met for each
of the Group s activities as described below. Amounts
disclosed as revenue are net of returns, discounts, sales
incentives, goods and services tax.
2.6.1 Sale of products
Revenue from contract with customers for domestic and
export sales of vehicles, spare parts, dies and moulds,
components and accessories is measured at the amount
of transaction price (net of variable consideration) on
satisfaction of its performance obligation. The performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the
promised goods to its customer which takes place upon
dispatch of the aforesaid goods from the factory/port.
The transaction price of goods sold is net of variable
consideration on account of discounts and incentives as
per contract/scheme bulletins.
2.6.2 Other operating revenues
2.6.2.1 Income from services
Income from engineering services are recognised as the
related services are performed. Income from extended
warranty is recognised as income over the relevant period
of extended warranty. Income from other services are
accounted over the period of rendering of services.
Income from services include certain performance
obligations that are satisfied over a period of time.
Any amount received in advance in respect of such
performance obligations that are satisfied over a period
of time is recorded as a contract liability and recorded as
revenue when service is rendered to customers.
2.6.2.2 Sale of scrap
Revenue from sale of scrap is measured at the amount
of transaction price when the performance obligation is
satisfied by transferring control of the scrap which takes
place upon dispatch of the aforesaid scrap from the factory.
2.6.2.3 Recovery of freight and service charges
The Group arranges transportation at the time of dispatch
of products and invoices IT to customers including for
service charge and accordingly recognises IT as revenue
when the performance obligation is satisfied which takes
place upon arrangement of transportation and dispatch of
goods by the Group.
2.6.2.4 Income from royalty
Revenue from royalty is recognised on an accrual
basis in accordance with the substance of the
relevant arrangements.
2.7. Other Income
Dividends are recognised in the Statement of Profit and
Loss only when the Group s right to receive the payment
is established, IT is probable that the economic benefits
associated with the dividend will flow to the Group, and the
amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.
Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when
IT is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably.
2.8. Leases
2.8.1. The Group as lessor
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified
as operating leases.
Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are
recognised as receivables at the amount of the Group s net
investment in the leases. Finance lease income is allocated
to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic
rate of return on the Group s net investment outstanding in
respect of the leases. When the Group is an intermediate
lessor, IT accounts for its interests in the head lease and
the sublease separately. The sublease is classified as a
finance or operating lease by reference to the right of-use
asset arising from the head lease.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Rental income from operating leases is recognised on
a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
Where the rentals are structured solely to increase in
line with expected general inflation to compensate for
the Group s expected inflationary cost increases, such
increases are recognised in the reporting period in which
such benefits accrue.
The Group did not make any adjustments to the accounting
for assets held as a lessor as a result of adopting the new
lease standard.
2.8.2. The Group as lessee
The Group assesses whether a contract contains a lease,
at inception of a contract. At the date of commencement
of the lease, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset
and a corresponding liability for all lease arrangements in
which IT is a lessee, except for leases with a term of twelve
months or less (short-term leases) and low value leases.
For these short-term and low value leases, the Group
recognises the lease payments as an operating expense
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Right-of-use
asset
are
measured
at
comprising the following:
-
the amount of initial measurement of liability
-
any lease payments made at or before the
commencement date less the incentives received
-
any initial direct costs, and
-
restoration costs
They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses.
Right-of-use asset are depreciated over the shorter of
asset s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line
basis. Right of use assets are evaluated for recoverability
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
Lease liabilities measured at amortised cost include the
net present value of the following lease payments:
-
fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
payments), less any lease incentives receivable
-
variable lease payment that are based on an index or
a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
the commencement date
-
amounts expected to be payable by the Group under
residual value guarantees
-
the exercise price of purchase option if the Group is
reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
-
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the
lease term reflects the Group exercising the option
Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain
extension options are also included in the measurement of
the liability. The lease payments are discounted using the
rate of interest implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in
the Group, the lessee s incremental borrowing rate is used,
being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay
to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
value to the right-of-use asset in the similar economic
environment with similar terms, security and conditions.
The Group accounts for each lease component within the
contract as a lease separately from non-lease components
of the contract in accordance with Ind AS 116 - Leases and
allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease
component on the basis of the relative standalone price of
the lease component and the aggregate standalone price
of the non-lease components.
Lease payments are apportioned between finance
expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as
to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining
balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised
immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss, unless
they are directly attributable to qualifying assets. Variable
lease payments are recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss in the reporting period in which the condition that
triggers those payments that occur.
2.9. Foreign currencies
2.9.1 Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements are measured
using the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates ( the functional currency ).
The financial statements are presented in Indian rupee (`),
which is the Group s functional and presentation currency.
2.9.2 Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the
functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates
of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange
rates are generally recognised in the Statement of Profit
and Loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to
qualifying cash flow hedges.
2.10. Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition,
construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time
to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are
substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
Interest income earned on the temporary investment of
surplus funds out of specific borrowings pending their
expenditure on qualifying assets are deducted from the
borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss in the period in which they are incurred.
2.11. Employee benefits
2.11.1 Short-term obligations
Liabilities for wages and salaries including non-monetary
benefits that are expected to be settled within the operating
cycle after the end of the period in which the employees
render the related services are recognised in the period in
which the related services are rendered and are measured
at the undiscounted amount expected to be paid.
2.11.2 Other long-term employee benefit obligations
Liabilities for leave encashment and compensated
absences which are not expected to be settled wholly
within the operating cycle after the end of the period
in which the employees render the related service are
measured at the present value of the estimated future
cash outflows using the projected unit credit method. The
benefits are discounted using the market yields at the end
of the reporting period on Government bonds that have
terms approximating to the terms of the related obligation.
Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments
and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in
2.11.3 Post-employment obligations

Defined benefit plans

The Group has defined benefit plans namely gratuity,
provident fund and retirement allowance for employees.
The gratuity fund and provident fund are recognised by
the income tax authorities and are administered through
trusts set up by the Group. Any shortfall in the size of the
fund maintained by the trust is additionally provided for in
The liability or asset recognised in the balance sheet in
respect of gratuity plans is the present value of the defined
benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period less
the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation
is calculated annually by actuaries using the projected
unit credit method.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation is
determined by discounting the estimated future cash
outflows by reference to market yields at the end of the
reporting period on government bonds that have terms
approximating to the terms of the related obligation.
The net interest cost is calculated by applying the
discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit
obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is
included in employee benefit expense in the Statement of
Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are
recognised in the reporting period in which they occur,
directly in other comprehensive income. They are included
in retained earnings in the Statement of Changes in Equity
and in the balance sheet.
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit
obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments
are recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit and
Loss as past service cost.

The Group has defined contribution plans for post-
employment benefit namely the superannuation fund which
is recognised by the income tax authorities. This fund is
administered through a trust set up by the Group and
the Group s contribution thereto is charged to Statement
of Profit and Loss every year. The Group has no further
payment obligations once the contributions have been
paid. The Group also maintains an insurance policy to fund
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
a post-employment medical assistance scheme, which is
a defined contribution plan. The Group s contribution to
State Plans namely Employees State Insurance Fund and
Employees Pension Scheme are charged to the Statement
of Profit and Loss every year.

Termination benefits

A liability for the termination benefit is recognised at the
earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer
of the termination benefit and when the Group recognises
any related restructuring costs.
2.12. Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently
payable and deferred tax.
2.12.1. Current tax
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for
the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax as
reported in the Statement of Profit and Loss because of
items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in
other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
The Group s current tax is calculated using tax rates that
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of
the reporting period.
2.12.2. Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases
used in the computation of taxable profits. Deferred
tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all
deductible temporary differences and incurred tax losses
to the extent that IT is probable that taxable profits will
be available against which those deductible temporary
differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and
liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that
affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed
at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that IT is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax
rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and
tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted
by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets
reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the
reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
of its assets and liabilities.
2.12.3 Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss, except when they relate to items
that are recognised in other comprehensive income or
directly in equity, in which case, the income taxes are also
recognised in the other comprehensive income or directly
in equity respectively.
2.12.4. Minimum Alternate Tax
Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) paid in a year, in accordance
with the tax laws, is charged to the Statement of Profit and
Loss as current tax. The Group recognises MAT credit
available as an asset only to the extent there is convincing
evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax during
the specified period, i.e., the period for which MAT Credit
is allowed to be carried forward. The Group reviews the
MAT Credit Entitlement asset at each reporting date and
writes down the asset to the extent the Group does not
have convincing evidence that IT will pay normal tax during
the specified period.
2.13 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of
acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation
less accumulated impairment, if any. Cost represents
direct expenses incurred on acquisition or construction
of the assets and the share of indirect expenses directly
attributable to construction, allocated in proportion to the
direct cost involved. Freehold land is measured at cost and
is not depreciated.

Such assets are classified to the appropriate categories of
property, plant and equipment when completed and ready
for intended use.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset s carrying
amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
only when IT is probable that future economic benefits
associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying
amount of any component accounted for as a separate
asset is derecognised when replaced. Other repairs
and maintenance of revenue nature are charged to the
Statement of Profit and Loss during the reporting period
in which they are incurred.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised
upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
expected to arise from continued use of asset. Any gain
or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item
of property, plant and equipment is determined as the
difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of asset and recognised in the Statement of

Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and
residual value
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
on a pro-rata basis from the commissioning month in which
each asset is ready for intended use to allocate their cost,
net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives.
Estimated useful life of assets are as follows which is based
on technical evaluation of the useful lives of the assets:
Particulars
Useful Life
Building
3-60 years
Plant and machinery other than Solar
modules and structure and Dies and Jigs
8 years
Solar modules and structure
25 years
Dies and jigs
Electronic data processing equipment
Furniture and fixtures
10 years
Office appliances
Railway Sidings
15 years
Vehicles
2-10 years
The assets residual values, estimated useful lives and
depreciation method are reviewed at least at each financial
year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate
accounted for on a prospective basis.
All assets, the individual written down value of which at the
beginning of the year is ` 5,000 or less, are depreciated
at the rate of 100%. Assets purchased during the year
costing ` 5,000 or less are depreciated at the rate of 100%.
Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing
proceeds with carrying amount and are credited / debited
to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
Freehold land and Leasehold land in the nature of perpetual
lease is not amortised.
2.14. Intangible assets
2.14.1 Intangible assets acquired separately
Lump sum royalty, computer software and engineering
support fee are stated at cost less accumulated
amortisation and impairment. Intangible assets are
amortised over their respective individual estimated
useful lives on a straight-line basis, from the date that they
are available for use. Amortisation methods and useful
lives are reviewed periodically including at least at each
financial year end.
2.14.2 Amortisation methods and useful lives
Intangible assets are amortised on a Straight Line basis
over the estimated useful economic life in the Statement
of Profit and Loss. The estimated useful life of intangible
assets i.e. Software, Lump sum royalty and Engineering
support fee has been estimated as of five years. The
amortisation period and the amortisation method for an
intangible asset is reviewed at the end of each financial
year. If any of these expectations differ from previous
estimates, such change is accounted for as a change in an
accounting estimate. An intangible asset is derecognised
when no future economic benefits are expected from use.
2.15 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the
carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to
determine whether there is any indication that those assets
have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication
exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in
order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs
of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future
cash flows have not been adjusted.
2.16. Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, determined on
the weighted average basis and net realisable value.
The cost of finished goods and work in progress
comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
and appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead
expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of
normal operating capacity. Cost of inventories also include
all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
present location and condition. Costs of purchased
inventory are determined after deducting rebates and
discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling
price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
make the sale.

Machinery spares (other than those supplied along with
main plant and machinery, which are capitalised and
depreciated accordingly) are charged to the Statement
of Profit and Loss on consumption except those valued at
` 5,000 or less individually, which are charged to revenue
in the year of purchase.
2.17 Provisions and contingencies
Provisions: Provisions are recognised when there is
a present obligation as a result of a past event and IT
is probable that an outflow of resources embodying
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
and there is a reliable estimate of the amount of the
obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the
expected future cash flows at a pre tax rate that reflects
current market assessment of the time value of money and
the risks specific to the liability.
Contingent Liabilities: Contingent liabilities are disclosed
when there is a possible obligation arising from past
events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by the
occurrence or non occurrence of one or more uncertain
future events not wholly within the control of the Group or
a present obligation that arises from past events where
IT is either not probable that an outflow of resources will
be required to settle or a reliable estimate of the amount
cannot be made.
2.18. Financial instruments
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a
financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial
liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party
to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
instruments (other than financial assets and financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to
or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of
financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss are recognised immediately in the Statement
of Profit and Loss. Subsequently, financial instruments
are measured according to the category in which they
are classified.
2.19. Financial assets
All purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised
and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way
purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured
in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value,
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
2.19.1 Classification of financial assets
Classification of financial assets depends on the nature
and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at
the time of initial recognition.
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following
measurement categories:

Those to be measured subsequently at fair value
(either through other comprehensive income, or
through profit or loss), and

Those measured at amortised cost
The classification depends on the Group s business model
for managing the financial assets and the contractual
terms of the cash flows.
A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is
measured at amortised cost unless the asset is designated
at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:

Business model test: the objective of the Group s
business model is to hold the financial asset to collect
the contractual cash flows.

Cash flow characteristic test: the contractual
term of the financial asset give rise on specified
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding.

A financial asset that meets the following two conditions
is measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income unless the asset is designated at fair value through
profit or loss under the fair value option:

Business model test: the financial asset is held within
a business model whose objective is achieved by
both collecting cash flows and selling financial assets.

Cash flow characteristic test: the contractual term
of the financial asset gives rise on specified dates to
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
All other financial assets are measured at fair value through
2.19.2 Investments in equity instrument at fair value
through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
On initial recognition, the Group can make an irrevocable
election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to
present the subsequent changes in fair value in other
comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity
instrument. This election is not permitted if the equity
instrument is held for trading. These elected investments
are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains
/ losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in
other comprehensive income. This cumulative gain or loss
is not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss on
disposal of the investments.
The Group has equity investments in certain entities which
are not held for trading. The Group has elected the fair value
through other comprehensive income irrevocable option
for all such investments. Dividend on these investments
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.19.3 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(FVTPL)
Investment in equity instrument are classified at fair value
through profit or loss, unless the Group irrevocably elects
on initial recognition to present subsequent changes in fair
value in other comprehensive income for investments in
equity instruments which are not held for trading.
Financial assets that do not meet the amortised cost
criteria or fair value through other comprehensive income
criteria are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A
financial asset that meets the amortised cost criteria or fair
value through other comprehensive income criteria may be
designated as at fair value through profit or loss upon initial
recognition if such designation eliminates or significantly
reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
that would arise from measuring assets and liabilities or
recognising the gains or losses on them on different bases.
Investments in debt based mutual funds are measured at
fair value through profit or loss.
Financial assets which are fair valued through profit or loss
are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
period, with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.19.4 Cash and cash equivalents
In the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash
equivalents include cash in hand, cheques and drafts in
hand, balances with bank and deposits held at call with
financial institutions, short-term highly liquid investments
with original maturities of three months or less that
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
value. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in
current liabilities in the balance sheet and forms part of
financing activities in the Statement of Cash Flows. Book
overdraft are shown within other financial liabilities in the
balance sheet and forms part of operating activities in the
Statement of Cash Flows.
2.19.5 Impairment of financial assets
The Group assesses impairment based on expected credit
losses (ECL) model to the following:

financial assets measured at amortised cost

financial assets measured at fair value through other
Expected credit loss are measured through a loss
allowance at an amount equal to:

the twelve month expected credit losses (expected
credit losses that result from those default
events on the financial instruments that are
possible within twelve months after the reporting
date); or

full life time expected credit losses (expected credit
losses that result from all possible default events over
the life of the financial instrument).
For trade receivables or any contractual right to receive
cash or another financial asset that result from transactions
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
that are within the scope of Ind AS 115 - Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, the Group always measures
the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime
expected credit losses.
2.19.6 Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset is derecognised only when

The Group has transferred the rights to receive cash
flows from the financial asset or

Retains the contractual rights to receive the
cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one
or more recipients.
2.19.7 Foreign exchange gains and losses
The fair value of financial assets denominated in a
and translated at the exchange rate at the end of each
reporting period. For foreign currency denominated
financial assets measured at amortised cost or fair
value through profit or loss the exchange differences are
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss except
for those which are designated as hedge instrument in
a hedging relationship. Further change in the carrying
amount of investments in equity instruments at fair
value through other comprehensive income relating to
changes in foreign currency rates are recognised in other
comprehensive income.
2.20 Financial liabilities and equity instruments
2.20.1 Classification of debt or equity
Debt or equity instruments issued by the Group are
classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
accordance with the substance of the contractual
arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and
an equity instrument.
2.20.2. Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a
residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the
Group are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
direct issue costs.
2.20.3. Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest rate method or
at fair value through profit or loss.
2.20.3.1 Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods or
services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial
year which are unpaid.
2.20.3.2. Borrowings
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of
transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the
proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
amount is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
over the period of the borrowings using the effective
interest rate method.
Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying
amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
or transferred to another party and the consideration paid,
including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
assumed, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.20.3.3 Foreign exchange gains or losses
For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign
currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end
of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and
losses are determined based on the amortised cost of
the instruments and are recognised in the Statement of
The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a
and translated at the exchange rate at the end of the
reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured
as at fair value through profit or loss, the foreign exchange
component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.20.3.4. Lease liabilities
The lease liability is initially measured at amortised
cost at the present value of the future lease payments.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest
rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable,
using the incremental borrowing rates. Lease liabilities
are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to
the related right of use asset if the group changes its
assessment if whether IT will exercise an extension or a
termination option.
2.20.3.5 Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only
when, the Group s obligations are discharged, cancelled
or have expired.
2.21 Derivative financial instruments
The Group enters into foreign exchange forward contracts
and certain other derivative financial instruments to
manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate risks
and commodity price risks. Further details of derivative
financial instruments are disclosed in note 33.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the
date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of
each reporting period. Derivatives are carried as financial
assets when the fair value is positive and as financial
liabilities when the fair value is negative. The resulting
gain or loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and
Loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and
effective as a hedging instrument which is recognised in
other comprehensive income (net of tax) and presented as
a separate component of equity which is later reclassified
to profit or loss when the hedge item affects profit or loss.
2.21.1. Embedded derivatives
Derivatives embedded in a host contract that is an asset
within the scope of Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments are
not separated. Financial assets with embedded derivatives
are considered in their entirety when determining whether
their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
Derivatives embedded in all other host contract are
separated only if the economic characteristics and
risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related
to the economic characteristics and risks of the host
and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Embedded derivatives closely related to the host contracts
are not separated.
2.22. Hedge accounting
The Group designates certain hedging instruments, in
respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges
or cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on
firm commitments are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
At the inception of the hedge relationship, the entity
documents the relationship between the hedging
instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk
management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception
of the hedge and on an on-going basis, the Group
documents whether the hedging instrument is highly
effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows
of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.
Changes in the fair value of these contracts that are
designated and effective as hedges of future cash flows
are recognised in other comprehensive income (net of tax)
and the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in
the Statement of Profit and Loss. Amount accumulated in
equity are reclassified to the profit or loss in the periods in
which the forecasted transaction occurs.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging
instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised,
or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. For forecast
transactions, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging
instrument recognised in other equity is retained there until
the forecast transaction occurs.
Note 33 sets out details of the fair values of the derivative
instruments used for hedging purposes.
2.23. Offsetting Financial Instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net
amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
enforceable right must not be contingent on future events
and must be enforceable in the normal course of business
and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the
Group or the counterparty.
2.24. Government Grant
Government grants are recognised where there is
reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
the conditions attaching to them and the grants will be
received. (refer note 40)
Government grants are recognised in the Statement of
Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
which the Group recognises as expense the related cost
for which the grants are intended to compensate.
Government grants related to assets is presented in the
balance sheet by setting up the grant as deferred income.
The grant set up as deferred income is recognised in the
Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
period during which the underlying conditions are fulfilled.
(refer note 41)
As per the terms of State Support Agreement (SSA)
executed between the Government of Gujarat and the
Company and a Deed of Assignment (DOA) executed
between the Company and Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private
Limited (SMG), the Group is eligible to receive Sales Tax
/Goods and Services Tax benefit/ fiscal incentive. Fiscal
incentives are recognised on meeting certain conditions
set out in the SSA/DOA. (refer note 40)
2.25. Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share has been computed by dividing
the net income by the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share
has been computed using the weighted average number
of shares and diluted potential shares, except where the
result would be anti-dilutive.
2.26. Dividends
Final dividends on shares are recorded on the date of
approval by the shareholders of the Group.
2.27. Royalty
The Group pays / accrues for royalty in accordance with
the relevant licence agreements.
2.28. Business combinations
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted
for using the acquisition method. Acquisition related costs
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as
incurred. The acquiree s identifiable assets, liabilities and
contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for recognition
are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date,
except certain assets and liabilities that are required to be
measured as per the applicable standard.
Purchase consideration in excess of the Group s interest in
the acquiree s net fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities
and contingent liabilities is recognised as goodwill. Excess
of the Group s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree s
identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
over the purchase consideration is recognised, after
reassessment of fair value of net assets acquired, in the
Capital Reserve.

Common control
A business combination involving entities or businesses
under common control is a business combination in which
all of the combining entities or businesses are ultimately
controlled by the same party or parties both before
and after the business combination and the control is
not transitory.
Business combinations involving entities under common
control are accounted for using the pooling of interests
method. The net assets of the transferor entity or business
are accounted at their carrying amounts on the date
of the acquisition subject to necessary adjustments
required to harmonise accounting policies. Any excess or
shortfall of the consideration paid over the share capital
of transferor entity or business is recognised as capital
reserve under equity.
2.29 Rounding off amounts

All amounts disclosed in the financial statements and
the accompanying notes have been rounded off to the
nearest million as per the requirement of Schedule III of
the Companies Act 2013, unless otherwise stated.
APPLICABILITY OF NEW AND REVISED IND AS
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) notifies new
standards or amendments to the existing standards under
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued
from time to time. For the year ended March 31, 2025,
MCA has notified Ind AS - 117 Insurance Contracts and
amendments to Ind AS 116 - Leases, relating to sale and
leaseback transactions, applicable to the Group w.e.f April
1, 2024. The Group has reviewed the new pronouncements
and based on its evaluation has determined that IT does
not have any significant impact on the consolidated
financial statements.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024

Freehold Land
63,139
62,812

Buildings
60,534
38,153

Railway Siding

Plant and Machinery
186,829
159,557

Electronic Data Processing (EDP) Equipment
1,829
1,324

Furniture, Fixtures and Office Appliances
2,138
2,069

Vehicles
3,664
3,380
318,966
267,982
Freehold
Land
Buildings
Railway
Siding
Plant and
Machinery
EDP
Equipment
Furniture,
Fixtures
and Office
Appliances
Vehicles
Total
Balance at April 1, 2023
61,926
51,575
408,722
5,103
5,688
3,507
537,248
Additions
3,376
43,229
1,124
2,032
51,448
Disposal / adjustments*
(38)
(167)
-
(4,499)
(217)
(76)
(1,061)
(6,058)
Balance at March 31, 2024
62,812
54,784
447,452
6,010
6,362
4,478
582,638
Additions
25,312
75,535
1,580
2,108
105,915
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(40)
-
(3,836)
(613)
(242)
(908)
(5,639)
Balance at March 31, 2025
63,139
80,056
519,151
6,977
6,975
5,678
682,914
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at April 1, 2023
-
14,690
245,939
4,000
3,654
269,220
Depreciation expenses
-
2,066
45,970
50,166
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(125)
-
(4,014)
(215)
(71)
(305)
(4,730)
Balance at March 31, 2024
-
16,631
287,895
4,686
4,293
1,098
314,656
Depreciation expenses
-
2,901
47,751
1,075
1,333
53,884
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(10)
-
(3,324)
(613)
(228)
(417)
(4,592)
Balance at March 31, 2025
-
19,522
332,322
5,148
4,837
2,014
363,948
Carrying amount
Balance at April 1, 2023
61,926
36,885
162,783
1,103
2,034
2,574
268,028
Additions
3,376
43,229
1,124
2,032
51,448
Disposal / adjustments*
(38)
(42)
-
(485)
(2)
(5)
(756)
(1,328)
Depreciation expenses
-
(2,066)
(49)
(45,970)
(901)
(710)
(470)
(50,166)
Balance at March 31, 2024
62,812
38,153
159,557
1,324
2,069
3,380
267,982
Additions
25,312
75,535
1,580
2,108
105,915
Disposal / adjustments*
-
(30)
-
(512)
-
(14)
(491)
(1,047)
Depreciation expenses
-
(2,901)
(52)
(47,751)
(1,075)
(772)
(1,333)
(53,884)
Balance at March 31, 2025
63,139
60,534
186,829
1,829
2,138
3,664
318,966
* Adjustment includes the intra-head re-grouping of amounts.
Notes on property, plant and equipment
Plant and Machinery includes a Gas Turbine jointly owned by the Company with its group companies and other companies
having carrying amount as at March 31, 2025 is Nil (as at March 31, 2024 is Nil).
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
A part of freehold land of the Company situated at Gurugram, Manesar, Kharkhoda and in the state of Gujarat has been made
available to its group companies / fellow subsidiaries for their business purpose.
The Group has been availing benefit under Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme and has recognised non-
creditable taxes as cost of property, plant and equipment and capital work-in-progress (refer note 41)
The Group had not revalued its property, plant and equipment during the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
Refer note 4.2
4.1. CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
75,043
40,541
104,299
84,673
Transferred to property, plant and equipment
(104,070)
(50,171)
75,272
75,043
Notes
1.
The Group has been availing benefit under Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme and has recognised non-
creditable taxes as cost of property, plant and equipment and capital work-in-progress (refer note 41)
2.
Refer note 4.2
Capital wok-in-progress ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Total
More than
61,019
13,070
75,272
Projects temporary suspended
-
Total
61,019
13,070
75,272
Particulars
Total
More than
Buildings
1,305
-
1,305
Plant & Machinery
-
Total
1,941
-
2,179
Capital wok-in-progress ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
Total
More than
68,107
6,170
75,043
Projects temporary suspended
-
Total
68,107
6,170
75,043
More than
Total
Buildings
1,691
-
1,710
Plant & Machinery
1,810
-
2,452
Total
3,501
-
4,162
Note: There were no projects which had exceeded its cost compared to its original plan.
4.2 Project and pre operative expenses pending allocation
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Opening balance of pre-operative expenses included in
Add: Expenses incurred during the year
2,167
Power and fuel
Other miscellaneous expenses
Total expenditure for the year
2,933
Less: Allocated to property, plant and equipment
2,667
Closing balance of pre-operative expenses included in capital work in progress
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Software
1,813
1,166
Lumpsum royalty and engineering support fee
3,088
3,371
4,901
4,537
Software
Lumpsum royalty
Total
Balance at April 1, 2023
15,769
16,599
Additions
1,228
Balance at March 31, 2024
1,462
16,365
17,827
Additions
1,041
1,149
2,190
Balance at March 31, 2025
2,503
17,514
20,017
Accumulated amortisation
Balance at April 1, 2023
11,012
11,120
Amortisation expenses
1,982
2,170
Balance at March 31, 2024
12,994
13,290
Amortisation expenses
1,418
1,826
Balance at March 31, 2025
14,412
15,116
Carrying amount
Balance at April 1, 2023
4,757
5,479
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Software
Lumpsum royalty
Total
Additions
1,228
Amortisation expenses
(188)
(1,982)
(2,170)
Balance at March 31, 2024
1,166
3,371
4,537
Additions
1,041
1,149
2,190
Amortisation expenses
(408)
(1,418)
(1,826)
Balance at March 31, 2025
1,799
3,102
4,901
Notes on Intangible assets
The Group had not revalued its intangible assets during the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
Intangible assets are amortised on straight line basis over their estimated useful life of 5 years.
Refer note 5.1
5.1 Intangible assets under development
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
2,305
3,845
2,615
Transferred to intangible assets
(2,132)
(1,199)
4,018
2,305
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
3,517
-
4,018
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
Particulars
Total
Less than
More than
1,924
-
2,305
Note: There were no projects in respect of which completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan.
INVESTMENTS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current
Investments in equity instruments
- Associate companies
21,706
19,621
- Joint venture companies
1,292
1,201
- Others
20,317
18,935
Investment in preference shares
-
535,963
494,081
579,278
533,838
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current
83,376
39,122
83,376
39,122
Aggregate value of unquoted investments
642,762
554,246
Aggregate value of quoted investments
19,942
18,764
Market value of quoted investments
20,690
21,515
Aggregate impairment in value of investments

6.1 Investments in associates
Break-up of Investments in associates (carrying amount determined using the equity method of accounting)
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Bharat Seats Limited*
9,300,000
4,650,000
31,700,000
1,594
31,700,000
1,560
941,700
Total aggregate quoted investments (A)
1,976
1,891
Aggregate market value of quoted investments
2,724
4,642
*Increase in number of shares is on account of issue of bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1.
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
2,500,000
-
2,500,000
-
518,700
1,265
518,700
1,157
670,000
2,542
670,000
2,183
2,645,000
125,000
4,437,465
Bellsonica Auto Components India Private Limited
8,340,000
6,540,000
44,100,000
1,119
44,100,000
1,051
6,840,000
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
751,643
10,232
751,643
8,831
253,817,200
2,434
253,817,200
2,538
Total aggregate unquoted investments (B)
19,730
17,730
Total investments carrying value (A) + (B)
21,706
19,621
Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.
Each of the fourteen associates is not individually material to the Group considering the contribution of these associates to the
consolidated net assets of the Group.
Financial information of associates that are not individually material
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
The Group's share of profit or loss
2,152
2,263
The Group's share of other comprehensive income
(7)
The Group's share of total comprehensive income
2,145
2,277
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Aggregate carrying amount of the Group s interest in these associates
21,706
19,621
6.2 Investments in joint ventures
Break-up of Investments in joint ventures (carrying amount determined using the equity method of accounting)
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India
6,656,000
(formerly Magneti Marelli Powertrain India Private
Limited)
8,550,000
22,050,000
Total aggregate unquoted investment
1,292
1,201
Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.
Each of three joint ventures is not individually material to the Group considering the contribution of these joint ventures to the
consolidated net asset of the Group.
Financial information in respect of joint ventures that are not individually material
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
The Group's share of profit or loss
The Group's share of other comprehensive income
(3)
The Group's share of total comprehensive income
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Aggregate carrying amount of the Group s interest in these joint ventures
1,292
1,201
6.3 Other equity instruments
Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Asahi India Glass Limited
26,995,200
16,256
26,995,200
14,445
JTEKT India Limited
13,800,000
1,710
13,800,000
2,428
Total aggregate quoted Investments (i)
17,966
16,873
Denso India Private Limited
2,862,758
Haryana Orbital Rail Corporation Limited
156,000,000
1,777
156,000,000
1,560
Sociograph Solutions Private Limited
2,106
Amlgo Labs Private Limited
-
Total aggregate unquoted Investments (ii)
2,350
2,061
International Automobile Centre of Excellence
100,000
Investment in equity shares of Section 8 Company (iii)
Investments in other equity instruments [i+ii+iii]
20,317
18,935
6.4 Investment in unquoted preference shares
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number
Amount
Number
Amount
Western Paques (India) Limited
500,000
Less: Impairment in value of investments
(50)
-
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
6.5 Investments in unquoted debt mutual funds*
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Current
Non Current
Current
Non Current
Fixed term debt maturity plans
-
4,099
-
3,786
Open ended debt schemes
83,376
531,864
39,122
490,295
Total Investments in unquoted debt mutual funds
83,376
535,963
39,122
494,081
* Includes debt mutual funds for Employee Welfare Fund as at March 31, 2025: ` 3,001 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 2,783 million)
Note: Refer above for disclosure required under section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013.
7 LOANS (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non Current
Inter corporate deposits- significant increase in credit risk
-
Allowance for doubtful inter corporate deposits
-
(125)
Others
Current
Advances to employees (in the nature of loans)
TRADE RECEIVABLES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Unsecured - considered good*
65,397
45,968

- credit impaired

- significant increase in credit risk
Allowance for doubtful debts
(31)
(27)
65,397
45,968
Recoverable from related parties (refer note 35)
20,492
10,406
8.1 The credit risk to the Group is limited since most of the sales are made against advances or bank guarantees / letter
of credit from banks of national standing. The credit period generally allowed on domestic sales varies from 18 to
60 days (excluding transit period). The credit period on export sales varies on case to case basis, based on market
conditions.
8.2 Trade Receivables ageing schedule for the year ended March 31, 2025

Particulars
Total
Not Due
Less than
-
More than
Undisputed Trade receivables - considered good
64,270
1,024
65,397
Undisputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - which have significant
-
Particulars
Total
Not Due
Less than
-
More than
Sub-total
64,270
1,024
65,428
(31)
Total

65,397
Trade Receivables ageing schedule for the year ended March 31, 2024
Particulars
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
Undisputed Trade receivables - considered good
45,067
45,968
Undisputed Trade Receivables - credit impaired
-
Disputed Trade Receivables - which have significant
-
Sub-total
45,067
45,995
(27)
Total

45,968
OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current
Security deposits
Fiscal incentive receivable (refer note 40)
2,094
2,120
Others
3,003
2,981
Current
Security deposits
Interest accrued - secured
Interest accrued - unsecured
Fixed deposits with banks (Original maturity of more than 12 months and having remaining
maturity of less than 12 months)
24,675
23,996
Recoverable from related parties (refer note 35)
4,803
5,319
Fiscal incentive receivable (Refer note 40)
1,455
3,352
1,642

-
considered doubtful
Less: allowance for doubtful assets
(33)
(28)
Financial assets carried at fair value
Foreign currency / commodity derivatives and forward contract not qualifying or not designated
in hedge accounting relationships
-
33,489
34,186
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
10. INVENTORIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Inventories (lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw materials
21,594
19,451
Work-in-progress
3,752
2,841
Finished goods
Vehicle
22,139
15,322
Traded goods
Vehicle
5,265
1,941
6,676
5,473
6,971
5,561
Loose Tools
2,306
2,183
69,132
53,181
Inventory includes in transit inventory of:
Raw materials
8,224
4,284
Stock in trade
10.1 The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year was ` 1,207,992 million (previous year ` 1,120,809
The cost of inventories recognised as an expense includes ` 285 million (as at March 31, 2024 : ` 494 million) in respect of
write-downs of inventory to net realisable value.
The mode of valuation of inventories has been stated in note 2.16.
11. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
11.1 Cash and cash equivalents:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Balances with banks
-
Deposits (less than 3 months original maturity period)
1,018
26,337
Cash in hand
1,845
26,595
11.2 Other bank balances:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Deposits
3,650
1,636
3,684
1,679
12 OTHER ASSETS (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

Capital advances - considered good*
13,293
14,053

Prepaid expenses
4,181
4,125

Amount paid under protest / dispute (refer note 38)
10,449
9,735

Claims - unsecured considered good

Others
28,102
28,049
*Includes balance with related parties (refer note 35)
2,161
2,456
Current

Balance with customs, port trust and other government authorities
31,834
19,613

Claims

Prepaid expenses
3,130
2,419

Balance with related parties (refer note 35)

2,334
2,181

Less: allowance for doubtful balances

(137)
(268)
37,684
25,077
12.1. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024

Land

Capital work in progress (Building)

Fair value
During the previous year, a subsidiary company of the Group had classified a suspended project having book value of ` 203
million (Land of ` 132 million and Building (and associated costs) of ` 71 million) at Chennai as Assets held for sale pursuant to
the Board approval dated July 10, 2023. The project was suspended due to pending environmental clearance from the Ministry
of Environment (MOE).
Fair value has been derived based on the valuation done by the independent valuer. Accordingly, in the opinion of the management,
the value on realisation of the said land and building is not expected to be below the carrying amount as at March 31, 2025.
13. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Authorised share capital:
3,751,000,000 equity shares of ` 5 each
(as at March 31, 2024: 3,751,000,000 equity shares of ` 5 each)
18,755
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up capital comprises:
314,402,574 equity shares of ` 5 each
(as at March 31, 2024: 314,402,574 equity shares of ` 5 each)
1,572
13.1 Rights, preference and restriction attached to shares

The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per
share held. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Annual General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to
receive the remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
13.2 Reconciliation of number of shares
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number of
Amount
Number of
Amount
314,402,574
1,572
302,080,060
1,510
-
12,322,514

314,402,574
1,572
314,402,574
1,572
13.3 Details of shares held by the holding company
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number of
Amount
Number of
Amount
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan

183,246,476
182,951,476
13.4 Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Number of
Number of
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan (the holding Company)
183,246,476
58.28
182,951,476
58.19
13.5 Shares held by promoters as defined in the Companies Act, 2013 at the end of the year:
Promoter Name
Opening
Closing
% Change
during the year
Number of
Number of
Year ended March 31, 2025

Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
182,951,476
58.19%
183,246,476
58.28%
0.09%
Year ended March 31, 2024

Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
170,628,962
56.48%
182,951,476
58.19%
1.71%
14. OTHER EQUITY
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Capital reserve (refer note 39)
-
General reserve
29,309
Securities premium
132,584
Reserve created on amalgamation (refer note 39)
8,044
Retained earnings
769,044
664,158
Employee Welfare Fund
2,523
2,360
Scientific Research Fund
2,087
Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income
17,236
16,246
960,827
854,788
14.2. General reserve
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
29,309
-
29,309
The general reserve is free reserve which is created from time to time on transfer of profits from retained earnings. General reserve
is created by transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive income, items included
in general reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.
14.3. Securities premium
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
132,584
132,590
Add / (Less): Movement during the year (refer note 39)
-
(6)
132,584
Securities premium represents premium received on equity shares issued, which can be utilised only in accordance with the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the Act ) for specified purposes.
14.4 Reserve created on amalgamation
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
8,044
Add / (Less) : Movement during the year
-
8,044
This reserve is created on the basis of the scheme of amalgamation of erstwhile Suzuki Powertrain India Limited (SPIL) with the
Company as approved by the High Court of Delhi in the year ended March 31, 2013.
14.5. Retained earnings
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
664,158
556,860
Profit attributable to owners of the parent
145,002
134,882
Share of other comprehensive income in associates and joint ventures
(10)
Other comprehensive income arising from remeasurement of
defined benefit obligation attributable to owners of the parent*
(643)
(369)
Income on funds for Employee welfare fund
(232)
(201)
Expenses on funds for Employee welfare fund
(39,300)
(27,187)
769,044
664,158
During the year, a dividend of ` 125 per share, total dividend ` 39,300 million (March 31, 2024: ` 90 per share, total dividend ` 27,187
million) was paid to equity shareholders.
The Board of Directors recommended a final dividend of ` 135 per share (nominal value of ` 5 per share) for the financial year
2024-25. This dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and has not been accounted as
liability in these financial statements. The total expected amount of cash outflow is ` 42,444 million.
* Net of deferred tax assets of ` 225 million (previous year ` 128 million)
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
14.6 Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
16,246
13,219
Net fair value gain on investment in equity instruments at FVTOCI
1,363
3,429
Income tax on net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
(373)
(402)
17,236
16,246
This reserves represents the cumulative gains and losses arising on the revaluation of equity instruments measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income, net of amount reclassified to retained earnings when those assets have been disposed of.
14.7. Employee Welfare Fund
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
2,360
2,321
Income during the year
Expenses/adjustment during the year
(69)
(162)
2,523
2,360
This reserve was created for undertaking welfare activities such as housing, education and health for the employees by appropriating
1% of profit after tax of the Parent Company during financial year 2018-19 to financial year 2020-21.
14.8. Scientific Research Fund
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
2,087
-
2,087
This reserve was created for promotion of scientific research and technology in India by appropriating 1% of profit after tax of the
Parent Company during financial year 2018-19 to financial year 2020-21. No expenditure has been done from this fund during the
current year and previous year.
15. BORROWINGS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current

Unsecured

Loans repayable on demand from banks

-
Cash credit, overdraft and working capital demand loan
-
15.1 Summary of borrowing arrangements

Loan repayable on demand from banks (cash credit, overdraft and working capital demand loan) at an interest rate of 7.25%
p.a. to 9.20% p.a., repayable within 0-10 days (previous year: interest rate of 7.10% p.a. to 9.40% p.a., repayable within 0-10
days w.r.t. cash credit, overdraft and working capital demand loan)
15.2 Breach of loan agreement

There has been no breach of covenants mentioned in the loan agreements during the reporting period.
16. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

-
Current
Financial liabilities carried at amortised cost
Payables to capital creditors*
19,234
17,221
9,868
3,307
Claims payable
Interest accrued on security deposits
Unpaid dividend#
Book overdraft
1,206
Others
Financial liabilities carried at fair value
Foreign currency / commodity derivatives and forward contract not qualifying or not designated in
hedge accounting relationships
-
29,546
22,237
1,131
# There were no amounts due for payment to the Investor Education and Protection Fund under Section 125(1) of the Companies
Act, 2013 at the year end. Further, there has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the Group.
17. PROVISIONS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

Other provisions

1,260
1,448
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Current

Provision for compensated absences
7,886
6,597

Provision for gratuity
1,428
Other provisions

Provision for litigation / disputes and others (refer note below)
4,892
4,124

1,416
1,384
15,646
13,119
Details of other provisions
Litigation / Dispute and others
Warranty / Product recall
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
4,124
3,680
2,319
1,693
1,836
Utilised/ reversed during the year
(38)
(378)
(1,175)
(1,210)
4,892
4,124
2,095
2,319
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Litigation / Dispute and others
Warranty / Product recall
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
-
4,892
4,124
1,416
1,384
Total
4,892
4,124
2,095
2,319

The provision for employee benefits include compensated absences, retirement allowance, post retirement medical benefit
plan and gratuity.

The entire amount of the provision for compensated absences amounting to ` 7,886 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 6,597
million) is presented as current, since the Group does not have unconditional right to defer settlement of any of these
obligations. However, based on past experience, the Group does not expect all employees to avail the full amount of accrued
leave or require payment for such leave within next 12 months. Leave obligation not expected to be settled with next 12
months as at March 31, 2025 is ` 6,696 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 5,478 million)
(ii) Provision for warranty and product recall

Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the
reporting period and is also made for estimated product recall in respect of products sold. These claims are expected to
be settled as and when warranty/product recall claims will arise. Management estimates the provision based on historical
warranty claims/product recall claims information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims for warranty and
product recall that could differ from historical amounts.
(iii) Provision for litigation / disputes and others

In the ordinary course of business, the Group faces claims under litigations and claims by from various authorities and
parties. The Group assesses such claims and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis, with the assistance of
external legal counsel, wherever necessary. The Group records a liability for any claim where a potential loss is probable
and capable of being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that
are considered possible, but not probable, the Group provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not record a
liability in its accounts unless the loss becomes probable [refer note 38(A)].

Note: Pursuant to the issuance of Circular No. 248/5/2025-GST dated March 27, 2025 by the Central Board of Indirect
Taxes and Customs (CBIC), which provides clarifications on various issues relating to GST Amnesty Scheme concerning
the availment of benefits under Section 128A of the CGST Act, 2017, the Group is currently in the process of evaluating its
entitlement to avail the benefit of waiver of interest and penalty. This evaluation pertains to ongoing litigations of ` 1,141
million which relates to employee secondment arrangement under GST regime for the financial years 2017-18 to 2019-20,
under the GST Amnesty Scheme, in accordance with the controls laid out by the Group in respect of such assessment.
Based on its ongoing assessment, the Group believes that the aforesaid provision is adequate.
18. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS / LIABILITIES (NET)
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
15,944
3,888
(15,938)
(3,421)
Movement of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) for the year ended March 31, 2025
Opening
Balance
Recognised in
Statement of
Profit and Loss
Recognised
Closing
Balance
2,049
2,523
-
1,231
(70)
-
5,992
(259)
-
5,733
Unabsorbed depreciation
1,975
(1,975)
-
Lease liabilities
-
Others
(246)
11,038
(1,613)
9,650
4,327
(2,864)
-
1,463
Investment in debt mutual funds (refer note 29.1)
5,643
14,562
20,578
-

1,322
(415)
-
Undistributed profit of joint ventures and associates
-
Fiscal incentive
1,912
(672)
-
1,240
Others
(132)
-
(18)
14,459
10,756
25,588
(3,421)
(12,369)
(148)
(15,938)
Movement of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) for the year ended March 31, 2024
Opening
Balance
Recognised in
Statement of
Profit and Loss
Recognised
Closing
Balance
1,744
2,049
-
4,919
1,073
-
5,992
Unabsorbed depreciation
4,077
(2,102)
-
1,975
Lease liabilities
-
Others
(323)
11,815
(905)
11,038
6,266
(1,939)
-
4,327
Investment in debt mutual funds
1,583
4,060
-
5,643
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opening
Balance
Recognised in
Statement of
Profit and Loss
Recognised
Closing
Balance
-

1,426
(104)
-
1,322
Undistributed profit of joint ventures and associates
-
Fiscal incentive
1,592
-
1,912
Others
(549)
-
(132)
12,231
1,826
14,459
(416)
(2,731)
(274)
(3,421)
Note: Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been offset as they are governed by the same taxation laws.
19. OTHER LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-current

Contract liabilities (Deferred revenue)
33,819
31,617
33,819
31,617
Current
Advance from customers*
11,353
14,636
Contract liabilities (Deferred revenue)
13,189
10,611
Statutory dues
15,457
14,837
Deferred Government Grant
1,924
1,099
Others
42,477
41,739
Note: During the year, the Group has recognised revenue of ` 10,611 million which was included in the Contract liability balance
as on April 1, 2024 (for the year ended March 31, 2024 ` 9,541 million which was included in the Contract liability balance as on
April 1, 2023).
20 TRADE PAYABLES*
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024

2,082
2,070
202,933
167,814
205,015
169,884
46,086
38,745
Trade Payables ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payments
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
MSME
1,950
-
2,082
Others
129,890
4,770
134,817
Unbilled
68,116
-
68,116
Total
199,956
4,901
205,015
Trade Payables ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payments
Total
Not Due
Less than
More than
MSME
1,927
-
2,007
Others
105,270
1,650
107,016
Unbilled
60,861
-
60,861
Total
168,058
1,730
169,884
21 TAX ASSETS / LIABILITIES*
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Non-Current tax assets

Taxes Paid (Net)
4,969
5,838
Current tax liabilities

Income tax payable (Net)
12,737
12,030
* Also refer note 38(iv) for amounts paid under protest
22. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Sale of products

Vehicles
1,257,091
1,170,455

Spare parts / dies and moulds / components and accessories
194,008
178,762
1,451,099
1,349,217
Other operating revenues

Income from services
23,587
15,621

Sale of scrap
12,857
10,825

Recovery of freight and service charges
30,870
31,786

Fiscal incentive (refer note 40)
4,062
4,154

EPCG income (refer note 41)

Rental income
1,173

Others
5,255
5,444
78,031
69,365
Total revenue from operations
1,529,130
1,418,582
Refer note 8.1 for payment terms with customers.
Revenue from contract with customers is disaggregated by geographical region and presented in Note 30.1
Reconciliation of revenue recognised with contract price:
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Contract price (Gross)
1,595,735
1,471,288
Adjustments for
Discount and Incentives as per contract/scheme bulletins
(66,605)
(52,706)
1,529,130
1,418,582
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Dis-aggregation of revenue based on timing of revenue recognition
Product /services transferred at a point of time
1,506,835
1,403,534
Services transferred over period of time
22,295
15,048
1,529,130
1,418,582
23. OTHER INCOME
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Interest income on

Bank deposits
3,239
3,019

Income tax refund

Receivables from dealers
1,027

Advance to vendors

Others
4,329
3,968
Dividend income

Dividend from equity investments
Others

1,297

43,992
36,005

-
45,801
36,906
50,222
40,935
24. MATERIAL CONSUMED
24.1 Cost of materials consumed

Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Raw material inventory at the beginning of year
19,451
25,660
Add: Purchases during the year

875,326
782,944
Less: Raw material inventory at the end of year

21,594
19,451
873,183
789,153
24.2 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Opening balances

2,841
2,544

Vehicle
15,322
13,106

Traded goods

Vehicle
1,941
1,009

5,473
5,123
25,986
22,200
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Closing balances

3,752
2,841

Vehicle
22,139
15,322

Traded goods

Vehicle
5,265
1,941

6,676
5,473
38,261
25,986
(12,275)
(3,786)
25. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Salaries and wages

60,929
55,170
Contribution to provident and other funds

3,495
3,223
Staff welfare expenses

5,836
4,623
70,260
63,016
26. FINANCE COSTS
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Interest costs

Cash credit and overdrafts

Lease liabilities

Others
1,942
1,936
27. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

53,884
50,166
Amortisation of intangible assets

1,826
2,170
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (refer note 36)

56,082
52,558
28. OTHER EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Consumption of stores
5,241
4,293
Power and fuel [net of amount recovered ` 134 million (previous year ` 132 million)]
10,526
10,334
Rent (refer note 39)

Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Repair and maintenance: plant and machinery

5,098
3,950
Repair and maintenance: building

Repair and maintenance: others

3,200
3,061
Insurance

Rates, taxes and fees

Royalty

50,380
49,080
Tools / machinery spares charged off

9,529
7,938

-
1,117
Advertisement

11,275
10,409
Sales promotion

6,161
5,184
Warranty and product recall

1,836
Transportation and distribution expenses

44,728
44,960
1,000
Corporate social responsibility expenses
1,609
1,122
Other miscellaneous expenses*

34,414
29,102
186,148
175,501
* Does not include any item of expenditure with a value of more than 1% of the revenue from operations. Further, IT includes political
donations amounting to ` Nil in the current year (` 600 million in the previous year to Prudent Electoral Trust. The aforesaid trust
had furnished a list of contributors and a list of political parties to whom donations received were distributed and such donations
were not identified to individual contributors).
29. INCOME TAXES
29.1 Income tax recognised in profit or loss
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Current tax

38,225
35,848

38,829
36,633
Deferred tax

4,633
3,517

7,736
(787)
12,369
2,730
Total income tax expense recognised in the current year
51,198
39,363
The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024

196,200
174,245
Tax at the Indian Tax Rate of 25.168% ( previous year 25.168%)

49,380
43,854
Differential tax rate on fair value gain on investments

(4,822)
(4,999)
Differential tax rate on capital gain on sale of investments

-
Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit

Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Tax charged as per provisions of Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT)/ MAT Utilised

(1,993)
Share of profit in associates and joint ventures after adjustment of dividend received from them
(505)
(489)
Deferred tax on undistributed profit
Others

42,858
39,365
Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the deferred tax expense of prior years on
account of withdrawal of the indexation benefit and change in tax rate*
8,376
-
Other adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the tax expense of prior years
(36)
(2)
Income tax expenses recognised in profit or loss

51,198
39,363
* The Company invests its surplus funds into debt mutual funds. In compliance with Ind AS - 12 Income taxes, the Company had
recorded deferred tax liabilities as per applicable law (taking cognisance of the indexation benefit) on fair value gains on these
investments. The Finance (No.2) Act, 2024 withdrew the indexation benefit on long-term capital gains on debt mutual funds which
were purchased prior to April 1, 2023 and the tax rate applicable on the said mutual funds was changed from 20% plus surcharge
and cess (with indexation) to 12.5% plus surcharge and cess (without indexation).
Deferred tax liabilities have been remeasured at the prescribed rate on account of withdrawal of the indexation benefit and change
in the tax rate, which has resulted in increase in deferred tax liabilities and corresponding deferred tax expense by ` 8,376 million,
which has been recognised during the year ended March 31, 2025. The actual payment of tax would be made at the time of
redemption of this asset class. The cash outflow towards tax could be different at the time of redemption depending on the actual
gain and prevailing tax regulations.
29.2 Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income

Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
Arising on income and expenses recognised in other comprehensive income

Net fair value gain on investment in equity shares at FVTOCI
(373)
(402)
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation

Total income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
(148)
(274)
Bifurcation of the income tax recognised in other comprehensive income into: -
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(148)
(274)
(148)
(274)
29.3 Tax effects of unrecognised deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits
Deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits for which deferred tax assets have been recognised
related to a subsidiary company are attributable to the following:
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
-
MAT credit entitlement

1,993
-
Unused tax credits for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised related to a subsidiary
company are attributable to the following:

-
MAT credit entitlement

2,598
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The unrecognised tax credits pertaining to MAT credit as at March 31, 2025 will expire upto financial year 2038-39. The Company
has not availed the Minimum Alternate Tax ( MAT ) credit in accordance with the provision of section 115JAA of the Income-tax
Act, 1961 since the management is of the view that there is no convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available
against which the unused MAT credits can be utilised by the Company. Details of unrecognised MAT credit is as under:
Financial Year
MAT credit available
MAT credit utilised
Balance MAT credit
carried forward
MAT credit expiring in
FY 2016-17
-
FY 2017-18
-

FY 2018-19
-

FY 2019-20
-
FY 2020-21
-
FY 2021-22
FY2036-37
FY 2022-23
-
FY2037-38
FY 2023-24
-
FY2038-39
Total
2,598
1,993

30. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Group is primarily in the business of manufacturing, purchase and sale of motor vehicles, components and spare parts
( automobiles ). The other activities of the Group comprise facilitation of pre-owned car sales, fleet management car financing
and servicing of the car manufactured by the Group. The income from these activities is not material in financial terms but such
activities contribute significantly in generating demand for the products of the Group.
The Board of Directors, which has been identified as being the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), evaluates the Group s
performance, allocates resources based on the analysis of the various performance indicator of the Group as a single unit.
Therefore there is no reportable segment for the Group.
30.1 Group wide disclosure
Domestic
Overseas
Total

1,301,464
227,666
1,529,130

1,239,064
179,518
1,418,582
Non current segment assets

As at March 31, 2025

442,188
-
442,188
As at March 31, 2024
389,883
-
389,883
Domestic information includes sales and services rendered to customers located in India.
Overseas information includes sales and services rendered to customers located outside India.
Non-current segment assets includes non-current assets other than financial assets and deferred tax assets.
The Group has one customer individually contributing to more than 10% of the Group s total revenues during the financial
year ended March 31, 2025.
31. EARNINGS PER SHARE
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Basic earnings per share (`)

461.20
429.01
Diluted earnings per share (`)

461.20
429.01
Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group used in calculating basic earnings per share and
diluted earnings per share
145,002
134,882
Weighted average number of equity shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share and diluted
earnings per share (numbers)
314,402,574
32. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The various benefits provided to employees by the Group are as under:

Superannuation fund

Post employment medical assistance scheme

Employers contribution to Employee State Insurance Act 1948

Employers contribution to Employee s Pension Scheme 1995
During the year the Group has recognised the following amounts in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Employers contribution to Superannuation Fund*
Employers contribution on Post Employment Medical Assistance Scheme*
Employers contribution to Employee State Insurance*

Employers contribution on Employee s Pension Scheme 1995*
Employers contribution to Government Provident Fund*

* Included in Contribution to provident and other funds
Defined benefit plans and other long term benefits

Contribution to Gratuity Funds - Employee s Gratuity Fund

Leave encashment / compensated absence

Retirement allowance

Provident fund

Post retirement medical benefit plan
These plans typically expose the Group to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and
salary risk.
Investment risk

The probability or likelihood of lower returns as compared to the expected return on any particular investment.
Interest risk
The plan exposes the Group to the risk of fall in interest rates. A fall in interest rates will result in an increase in the ultimate cost
of providing the above benefit and will thus result in an increase in the value of the liability.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Longevity risk
The present value of defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants
both during and after employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan s liability.
Salary risk

The present value of the defined benefit plan is calculated with the assumption of salary increase rate of plan participants in future.
Deviation in the rate of increase of salary in future for plan participants from the rate of increase in salary used to determine the
present value of obligation will have a bearing on the plan s liability.
The principal assumptions used for the purpose of the actuarial valuations were as follows:
Provident
Fund*
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
As at March 31, 2025
NA
6.73%-6.90%
6.90%
NA
7%-8%
NA
NA
As at March 31, 2024
NA
7.15%-7.19%
7.15%
NA
7%-8%
NA
NA
* In respect of Provident Fund, Interest rate guarantee (per annum) is 8.25% (March 31, 2024 : 8.25%)
Components of expenses recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in respect of:
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
Year ended March 31, 2025
1,606
-
Actuarial Loss / (gain)
-
1,606
As at March 31, 2024
1,311
-
Actuarial Loss / (gain)
-
1,311
Components of expenses recognised in the other comprehensive income in respect of:
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
Year ended March 31, 2025

-

-

-
(17)
(44)

-
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
(169)
-
Remeasurement (or actuarial) (gain) / loss arising because of change in
effect of asset ceiling
-
(12)
(16)
Year ended March 31, 2024

-

-

-
(15)
(30)

-
(289)
-
(10)
The current service cost and the interest expense for the year are included in the Employee benefits expense in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.
The remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability is included in other comprehensive income
The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the entity s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans is as follows:
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
As at March 31, 2025
41,804
10,440
43,402
9,031
-
Surplus / (deficit)
1,598
(1,409)
(125)
(480)
1,598
-
(1,428)
(125)
(480)
As at March 31, 2024
37,235
8,315
38,511
7,339
-
Surplus / (deficit)
1,276
(976)
(109)
(425)
1,276
-
(993)
(109)
(425)
* The Group has an obligation to make good the shortfall, if any.
Classification into long term and short term:
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
As at March 31, 2025
-
1,428
Total
1,428
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
As at March 31, 2024
-
Total
Movement in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
Provident
Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Retirement
Allowance
Post Retirement
Medical Benefit Plan
Year ended March 31, 2025
37,235
8,315
1,606
2,714
Employees' contribution
3,396
-
Remeasurement (or actuarial) (gain) / loss arising
from:

-

-

-
(17)
(44)

-
Benefits paid
(4,023)
(268)
(2)
-
41,804
10,440
Year ended March 31, 2024
34,253
6,551
1,311
2,556
Employees' contribution
3,082
-
(847)
-
Remeasurement (or actuarial) (gain) / loss arising
from:

-

-

-
(15)
(30)

-
Benefits paid
(3,404)
(328)
-
37,235
8,315
Movement in the fair value of the plan assets are as follows:
Provident Fund
Employees Gratuity Fund
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning
38,511
34,609
7,339
6,150
Interest income
2,805
2,583
Employer s contribution
1,606
1,311
1,267
Provident Fund
Employees Gratuity Fund
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Employee s contribution
3,396
3,082
-
Transfer in
(847)
-
Benefits paid
(4,023)
(3,404)
(268)
(328)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on plan assets
1,177
Fair value of plan assets as at the end
43,402
38,511
9,031
7,339
Major categories of plan assets (as percentage of total plan assets)
Provident Fund
Employees
Gratuity Fund
Year ended March 31, 2025
Government Securities (Central and State)
49%
0%
Corporate bonds
40%
0%
Equity mutual funds
10%
0%
100%
1%
0%
Total
100%
Year ended March 31, 2024
Government Securities (Central and State)
44%
0%
Corporate bonds
44%
0%
Equity mutual funds
10%
0%
100%

1%
0%
1%
0%
Total
100%
The fair value of the above ULIP schemes are determined based on the Net Asset Value (NAV). Moreover, for other investments
the fair value is taken as per the account statements of the insurance companies.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation of gratuity fund at March 31, 2025 is 10-13 years (as at March 31,
2024: 10-14 years).
The Group expects to make a contribution of ` 2,179 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 1,647 million) to the defined benefit plans
during the next financial year.
Sensitivity analysis

Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of defined obligation are discount rate, expected salary growth rate, attrition
rate and mortality rate. The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes in respective
assumption occurring at the end of reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
If the discount rate increases (decreases) by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by ` 1,265 million (increase by
` 1,514 million) (As at March 31, 2024: decrease by ` 1,079 million (increase by ` 1,249 million)).
If the expected salary growth rate increases (decreases) by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by ` 1,328 million
(decrease by ` 1,136 million) (As at March 31, 2024: increase by ` 1,070 million (decrease by ` 914 million)).
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
32.1 The Code on Social Security, 2020 ( Code ) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment received
Presidential assent on September 28, 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India and subsequently on
November 13, 2020 draft rules were published and invited for stakeholders suggestions. However, the date on which the
Code will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of the Code when IT comes into effect
and will record any related impact in the period the Code and rules thereunder become effective.
33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT
33.1 Financial instruments by category
Year ended March 31, 2025
Year ended March 31, 2024
FVTPL
FVOCI
Amortised
Total
Carrying
Value
FVTPL
FVOCI
Amortised
Total
Carrying
Value
Financial assets
Investments*
- in equity instruments
-
20,317
-
20,317
-
18,935
-
18,935
- in debt mutual funds
619,339
-
619,339
533,203
-
533,203
Trade receivables
-
65,397
-
45,968
-
1,845
-
26,595
-
3,684
-
1,679
Loans
-
Security deposits
-
Fixed deposits with banks
-
24,675
-
23,996
-
Interest accrued
-
Recoverable from related parties
-
4,803
-
5,319
Fiscal incentive receivable
-
3,549
-
5,472
Others
-
1,792
-
619,468
20,317
107,722
747,507
533,203
18,935
111,737
663,875
Financial liabilities
Borrowings
-
Trade payables
-
205,015
-
169,884
Deposits from dealers,
contractors and others
-
9,873
-
3,307
Payable to capital creditors
-
19,234
-
17,221
Interest accrued
-
Unpaid dividend
-
Book overdraft
-
1,206
-
Lease liabilities
-
Claims payable
-
Others
-
235,436
-
193,306
193,307
* Investment value excludes carrying value of equity accounted investment in joint ventures and investment in associates of ` 22,998
million (as at March 31, 2024 : ` 20,822 million).
Fair value hierarchy
The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured at fair value and have been grouped into
Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 below
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Year ended March 31, 2025
Financial assets

Financial instruments at FVTPL

615,240
4,099
-
619,339
-
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

17,966
-
17,966
-
2,351
-
Fiscal incentve receivable (non-current)
-
2,094
-

633,206
4,228
5,355
642,789
Year ended March 31, 2024
Financial assets

Financial instruments at FVTPL

Investments in debt mutual fund
529,417
3,786
-
533,203
-
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

16,873
-
16,873
-
2,062
Security deposits
-
Fiscal incentve receivable (non-current)
-
2,120
-

546,290
3,786
5,044
555,120
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Year ended March 31, 2025
Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities (Non-current)
-
Year ended March 31, 2024
Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities (Non-current)
-
Level 1: Quoted prices in the active market. This level of hierarchy includes financial assets that are measured by reference to
quoted prices in the active market. This category consists of quoted equity shares and open ended schemes of debt mutual
funds.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Level 2: Valuation techniques with observable inputs. This level of hierarchy includes items measured using inputs other than
quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for such items, either directly or indirectly. This level of hierarchy
consists of investments in close ended schemes of debt mutual fund investments and over the counter (OTC) derivative contracts.
Level 3: Valuation techniques with unobservable inputs. This level of hierarchy includes items measured using inputs that are not
based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). Fair value determined in whole or in part, using a valuation model based
on assumptions that are neither supported by prices from observable current market transactions in the same instruments nor
based on available market data. The main item in this category are unquoted equity instruments.
The management assessed that fair value of trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, loans, security
deposit, fixed deposits with banks, interest accrued, fiscal incentive, other current financial assets (except derivative financial
assets), short term borrowings , trade payables, lease liabilities and other current financial liabilities (except derivative financial
liabilities) approximate their carrying amounts largely due to short-term maturities of these instruments.
The fair value of the financial assets are determined at the amount that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction
between market participants. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
Investments in debt mutual funds: Fair value is determined by reference to quotes from the financial institutions, i.e.. Net asset
value (NAV) for investments in mutual funds declared by mutual fund house.
Derivative contracts: The Group has entered into variety of commodity forward contracts and foreign currency forward / option
contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in commodity price risk and foreign exchange rates. These financial exposures are
managed in accordance with the Group s risk management policies and procedures. Fair value of derivative financial instruments,
including forward and option contracts are determined using valuation techniques based on information derived from observable
market data and using valuation provided by authorised dealers dealing in commodities and foreign exchange.
Quoted equity investments: Fair value is derived from quoted market prices in active markets.
Unquoted equity investments: Fair value is derived on the basis of income approach, in this approach the discounted cash flow
method is used to capture the present value of the expected future economic benefits to be derived from the ownership of these
investments.
Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement
Unlisted equity
As at April 1, 2023
1,609
Acquisition
Year ended March 31, 2024
2,062
Acquisition
Year ended March 31, 2025
2,351
33.2 Financial risk management
The Group s activities expose IT to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. In order to minimise any adverse effects on the financial
performance of the Group, derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign currency option
contracts are entered to hedge certain foreign currency risk exposures and interest rate swaps to hedge variable interest rate
exposures. Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
This note explains the sources of risk which the entity is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk and the impact of hedge
accounting in the financial statements.
Risk
Exposure arising from
Measurement
Management
Credit risk
Cash and cash equivalents,
trade receivables, derivative
financial instruments, financial
assets measured at amortised
Aging analysis
Credit rating
Diversification of bank deposits,
credit limits and letter of credit
Liquidity risk
Business commitment and other
Rolling cash flow forecasts
Availability of committed credit
lines and borrowing facilities
Market risk - foreign exchange
Future commercial transactions
Recognised financial assets and
liabilities not denominated in
Indian rupee (`)
Cash flow forecasting
Sensitivity analysis
Foreign exchange derivatives
Market risk - security prices
Investments in equity
instruments and debt mutual
funds
Sensitivity analysis
Portfolio diversification
The financial risk management of the Group is carried out under the policies approved by the Board of Directors of the Company
and Board of Directors of the respective companies within the Group. Within these policies, the Board of Directors provides written
principles for overall risk management including policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk management,
commodity risk management and investment of funds.
(A) Credit risk

Credit risk arises from the possibility that the counter party may not be able to settle their obligations. To manage trade
receivables, the Group periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial conditions,
economic trends, analysis of historical bad debts and aging of such receivables.

Financial instruments that are subject to such risk, principally consist of investments, trade receivables, loans and advances
and derivative instruments. None of the financial instruments of the Group results in material concentration of credit risks.

The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss for the year ended March 31, 2025 was ` 64 million (March 31, 2024 was ` 180

Financial assets for which loss allowance is measured:
Particulars
Year ended March 31, 2025
Year ended March 31, 2024
Loans - non
Trade
Other financial
Loans - non
Trade
Other financial
Balance at the beginning
Expected credit loss recognised
-
Reversed during the year
(125)
-
(3)
-
Balance at the end
-
None of the financial assets other than mentioned above were impaired and there were no indications that defaults in payment
obligations would occur.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(B) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of liquidity risk management
is to maintain sufficient liquidity and to ensure funds are available for use as per the requirements.

The Group did not have any long term borrowings and has sufficient liquidity (refer note 33.3). The Group raises short
term rupee borrowings for short term cash flow mismatches and has large investments in debt mutual funds which can be
redeemed on a very short notice and hence carries negligible liquidity risk. The Group has undrawn borrowing facilities of
` 49,775 million as at March 31, 2025 (` 49,499 million as at March 31, 2024) to honour any liquidity requirements arising for
business needs.
(i) Financing arrangements
The Group had access to the following borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Floating rate
- Expiring within one year (bank overdraft and other facilities)

- amount used
-
- amount unused
49,775
49,499
- Expiring beyond one year (bank loans)
-
49,775
49,830
(ii) Maturities of financial liabilities
The tables below analyse the Group s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities:
The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Less than
Later than
one year but
less than
five years
More than
Total
Less than
Later than
one year but
less than
five years
More than
Total
Borrowings
-
Trade payables
205,015
-
205,015
169,884
-
169,884
Lease liabilities
(refer note 36)
1,007
1,039
29,546
-
29,551
22,237
-
22,237
234,845
235,573
192,630
193,491
(C) Market risk
(i) Foreign currency risk
The Group has exposure to foreign currency risk on account of its payables and receivables in foreign currency which are
mitigated through the guidelines under the foreign currency risk management policy approved by the board of directors. The
Group enters into derivative financial instruments to mitigate the foreign currency risk.
-
forward foreign exchange and options contracts for foreign currency risk mitigation
Foreign currency risk exposure
The carrying amounts of the Group s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of the
year expressed in `, are as follows:
(In Millions)
As at 31st March 2025
As at 31st March 2024
JPY
USD
EURO
GBP
JPY
USD
EURO
GBP
Financial assets
Trade Receivables and
20,124
4,520
-
8,396
3,886
1,057
-
Foreign Exchange
Derivative Contracts
-
Net exposure to foreign
currency risk (assets)
20,124
4,520
-
8,396
3,886
1,057
-
Financial liabilities
Trade payables and other
financial liabilities
8,810
2,130
9,065
Foreign exchange
derivative contracts
against above liabilities
(3,491)
-
(4,031)
-
Net exposure to foreign
currency risk (liabilities)
5,319
2,130
5,034
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
The Group is mainly exposed to JPY, USD and EURO.
The following table details the Group s sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the ` against the relevant foreign currencies.
The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items as tabulated above and adjusts
their translation at the period end for a 10% change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis includes external loans. A
positive number below indicates an increase in profit or equity and vice-versa.
Year ended March 31, 2025
Year ended March 31, 2024
J strengthens by
10%
J weakening by
10%
J strengthens by
10%
J weakening by
10%
Impact on profit or loss for the year

JPY impact
(1,481)
1,481
(336)

USD Impact
(239)
(300)

EURO Impact
(15)
(85)
(ii) Security price risk
Exposure in equity
The Group is exposed to equity price risks arising from equity investments held by the Group and classified in the balance sheet
as fair value through OCI.
Equity price sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at the end of the year.
If the equity prices had been 5% higher / lower:
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Other comprehensive income for the year ended March 31, 2025 would increase / decrease by ` 1,016 million (for the year ended
March 31, 2024: increase / decrease by ` 947 million) as a result of the change in fair value of equity investment measured at FVTOCI.
Exposure in mutual funds
The Group manages the surplus funds majorly through investments in debt based mutual fund schemes. The price of investment
in these mutual fund schemes is reflected though Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the Asset Management Company on daily
basis as reflected by the movement in the NAV of invested schemes. The Group is exposed to price risk on such investments.
Mutual fund price sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on Mutual Fund Investment at the end of the reporting period.
If NAV has been 1% higher / lower:
Profit for year ended March 31, 2025 would increase / decrease by ` 6,193 million (for the year ended March 31, 2024 by ` 5,332
million) as a result of the changes in fair value of mutual fund investments.
33.3. Capital management
The Group s objectives when managing capital are to:

-
safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
benefits for other stakeholders, and

-
maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
capital to shareholders or issue new shares.
The Group has large investments in debt mutual fund schemes where in underlying portfolio is spread across securities issued by
different issuers having different credit ratings. The credit risk of investments in debt mutual fund schemes is managed through
investment policies and guidelines requiring adherence to stringent credit control norms based on external credit ratings. The
credit quality of the entire portfolio investments is monitored on a quarterly basis. The Group s overall strategy remains unchanged
from previous year.
The following table details the debt and equity at the end of the reporting period:
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Borrowings
-
(1,845)
(26,595)
Net debt
(1,845)
(26,264)
Total equity
962,399
856,360
Net debt to equity ratio [refer note 33.2(B)]
(0.002)
(0.031)
The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.
33.4 Foreign exchange derivative contracts
The Group follows a consistent policy of mitigating foreign exchange risk by entering into appropriate hedging instruments as
considered necessary from time to time. Depending on the future outlook on currencies, the Group may keep the exposures
unhedged or hedged only as a part of the total exposure.
The Group does not enter into a foreign exchange derivative transactions for speculative purposes.
34. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES & ASSOCIATES
34.1 Maruti Suzuki India Limited has three subsidiaries, three joint venture companies and fourteen associate
companies, as given in the following table:
Sl
No
Relationship
Country of
incorporation/ Place
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Subsidiary
India
100.00
Subsidiary
India
100.00
Subsidiary
India
100.00
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India Private
Joint Venture
India
26.00
Joint Venture
India
19.00
Joint Venture
India
50.00
Associates
India
14.81
Associates
India
29.28
Associates
India
15.35
Associates
India
25.00
Associates
India
39.00
Associates
India
15.79
Associates
India
37.03
Associates
India
10.00
Associates
India
44.37
Associates
India
30.00
Associates
India
49.00
Associates
India
11.83
Associates
India
46.26
Associates
India
28.87
30.37
34.2 Additional information as required under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, of enterprises consolidated
as Subsidiaries/Associates/Joint Ventures
Net Assets (Total Assets
less Total Liability)
Share in Profit & Loss
As at
March 31, 2025
Financial Year
Financial Year
Financial Year
Consolidated
Net Asset
Amount
Consolidated
Amount
Consolidated
Amount
Consolidated
Income
Amount
Parent Company
Maruti Suzuki India
97.72%
9,40,467
96.24% 1,39,552
117.21%
96.29% 1,39,947
Subsidiaries
Suzuki Motor Gujarat
13.74%
1,32,267
2.38%
3,455
-13.95%
(47)
2.34%
3,408
True Value Solutions
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
J.J. Impex (Delhi)
0.06%
0.04%
0.00%
-
0.03%
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Net Assets (Total Assets
less Total Liability)
Share in Profit & Loss
As at
March 31, 2025
Financial Year
Financial Year
Financial Year
Consolidated
Net Asset
Amount
Consolidated
Amount
Consolidated
Amount
Consolidated
Income
Amount

Adjustments arising
out of consolidation
(refer note 39)
(13.38%) (1,28,761)
(0.03%)
(30)
-0.30%
(1)
-0.02%
(31)
Total of Subsidiaries
0.43%
4,104
2.39%
3,469
-14.24%
(48)
2.35%
3,421
Minority Interests in all
subsidiaries
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Joint Ventures
Plastic Omnium Auto
Inergy Manufacturing
0.03%
0.02%
0.00%
-
0.02%
Marelli Powertrain
0.09%
0.07%
(0.89%)
(3)
0.07%
Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu
0.01%
(0.02%)
(29)
0.00%
-
(0.02%)
(29)
Adjustments arising out
of consolidation
(0.04%)
(374)
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Total of Joint Ventures
0.10%
0.06%
(0.89%)
(3)
0.06%
Associates
0.03%
0.00%
-
0.03%
Jay Bharat Maruti
0.17%
1,594
0.03%
-1.78%
(6)
0.02%
Machino Plastics
0.01%
0.00%
-
0.01%
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
0.00%
-
Hanon Climate
Systems India Private
0.13%
1,265
0.07%
0.00%
-
0.07%
0.26%
2,542
0.25%
(0.30%)
(1)
0.25%
SKH Metals
0.09%
0.06%
0.00%
-
0.06%
Nippon Thermostat
(India) Limited
0.00%
-
0.00%
Mark Exhaust Systems
0.07%
0.06%
0.00%
-
0.06%
10. Bellsonica Auto
Component India
0.06%
-0.01%
(20)
0.00%
-
-0.01%
(20)
11. FMI Automotive
Components Private
0.12%
1,119
0.05%
0.00%
-
0.05%
12. Manesar Steel
Processing India
0.01%
0.00%
-
0.00%
Net Assets (Total Assets
less Total Liability)
Share in Profit & Loss
As at
March 31, 2025
Financial Year
Financial Year
Financial Year
Consolidated
Net Asset
Amount
Consolidated
Amount
Consolidated
Amount
Consolidated
Income
Amount
13. Maruti Suzuki
Insurance Broking
1.06%
10,232
0.97%
1,401
0.00%
-
0.96%
1,401
14. Bahucharaji Rail
Corporation Limited
0.25%
2,434
-0.07%
(104)
0.00%
-
-0.07%
(104)
Adjustments arising out
of consolidation
(0.50%)
(4,796)
-0.14%
(205)
0.00%
-
(0.14%)
(205)
Total of Associates
1.76%
16,910
1.30%
1,887
-2.08%
(7)
1.29%
1,880
Total
100.00%
9,62,399
100.00% 1,45,002
100.00%
100.00% 1,45,339
35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
35.1 Description of related parties
Associates
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan (SMC)
Joint Ventures
Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing
Contribution to Post Retirement Plans
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Group Gratuity Fund
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Provident Fund Trust
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Superannuation
Fund
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited Employees Group
Gratuity Trust Fund
Fellow Subsidiaries (only with whom the Group
had transactions during the current/previous year)
Magyar Suzuki Corporation Ltd.
Suzuki Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
PT Suzuki Indomobil Sales
Suzuki Thilawa Motor Co. Ltd
Suzuki Motor de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
Vietnam Suzuki Corporation
Thai Suzuki Motor Co., Ltd.
Suzuki Australia Pty. Ltd.
Suzuki (Myanmar) Motor Co., Ltd.
Suzuki GB PLC
Suzuki New Zealand Ltd.
Suzuki Auto South Africa (Pty) Ltd
PT. Suzuki Indomobil Motor
Suzuki Philippines Inc.
TDS Lithium-Ion Battery Gujarat Private Limited
Suzuki Business Co., Ltd.
Suzuki R&D Center India Private Limited
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Suzuki Digital Private Limited
Suzuki Deutschland GmbH (formerly Suzuki International Europe GmbH)
Taiwan Suzuki Automobile Corporation
Cambodia Suzuki Motor Co., Ltd.
Next Bharat Ventures IFSC Pvt. Ltd.
Ise Suzuki Egg India Private Limited
International Automobile Centre of Excellence
Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Mr. R. C. Bhargava
Chairman
Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Managing Director & CEO
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Director (Production) (w.e.f. January 2, 2024)
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Director (Sustainability)
Mr. Yukihiro Yamashita
Joint Managing Director (Engineering & Quality Assurance)
(till January 1, 2024)
Mr. Shigetoshi Torii
Director (till August 1, 2023)
Mr. O. Suzuki
Director, (till December 24, 2024)
Mr. T. Suzuki
Director
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
Director
Mr. K. Saito
Director
Mr. Sunil Kumar Kakkar
Director (Corporate Planning) (w.e.f. April 1, 2025)
Mr. Davinder Singh Brar
Independent Director, (till August 27, 2024)
Mr. Rajinder Pal Singh
Independent Director, (till August 27, 2024)
Ms. Lira Goswami
Independent Director
Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Independent Director
Ms. Ireena Vittal
Independent Director, (w.e.f. August 28, 2024)
Ms. Anjali Bansal
Independent Director, (w.e.f. August 28, 2024)
Mr. Ajay Seth
Chief Financial Officer, (till December 31, 2023)
Mr. Arnab Roy
Chief Financial Officer, (w.e.f. January 1, 2024)
Mr. Sanjeev Grover
Company Secretary
35.2 Transactions with related parties
For the
Year ended
March 31, 2025
For the
March 31, 2024
Sale of goods to:

146,309
91,445

- Joint Venture

- Fellow Subsidiaries

20,625
17,888

- Others
9,492
13,648

- Associates

-
176,485
122,984
Investment in equity shares of associate companies made during the year

- Bahucharaji Rail Corporation Limited
-
Purchase of goods from:

46,540
33,107

- Associates*

For the
Year ended
March 31, 2025
For the
March 31, 2024

38,442
35,656

- Others
76,300
70,469

- Joint Ventures

9,482
9,480

- Fellow Subsidiaries

11,238
15,008
182,002
163,720
* Figures are net of sale of coils and components
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and intangible assets under
development from:

2,574
4,147

- Associates

1,371

1,560

- Others

2,071

- Joint Ventures
8,685
6,609
Finance income / commission / dividend from:

- Associates

- Hanon Climate Systems India Private Limited

- Others

- Joint Ventures

- Marelli Powertrain India Private Limited

- Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India Private Limited
Other operating revenue / other income from:

9,744
2,737

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

10,982
3,374
Recovery of expenses from:

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

- Suzuki R&D Center India Private Limited

-

- Others

1,010
Services received from:

1,781
1,800
1,781
1,800
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the
Year ended
March 31, 2025
For the
March 31, 2024
Dividend paid to:

22,869
15,355
22,869
15,355
Royalty expenses

50,380
49,080
50,380
49,080
Other expenses

4,660
4,119

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

-

- Others

- Fellow Subsidiaries

4,756
4,256
Sale of property, plant and equipment

- Joint Venture

- Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India Private Limited

As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Trade receivables

17,120
7,584

- Associates

- Fellow Subsidiaries

2,504
1,979

- Others

20,492
10,406
Other current assets:

- Associates

- Fellow Subsidiaries

Other financial assets:

4,402
5,245

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

-

- Fellow Subsidiaries

4,803
5,319
Other non-current assets:

- Associates

- SKH Metals Limited

- Others

As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
2,161
2,456
Goods in transit:

2,459
3,216

- Associates

- Fellow Subsidiaries

2,480
3,228
Trade payables

28,196
25,422

- Associates

4,711
1,949

- Others
8,896
8,066

- Joint Ventures

1,015

- Fellow Subsidiaries

3,266
2,451

- Others

46,086
38,745
Other current/ non-current liabilities

- Associates

- Joint Ventures

- Fellow Subsidiaries

- Others

-

- Associates

- Machino Plastics Limited

- Others

- Joint Ventures

- Plastic Omnium Auto Inergy Manufacturing India Private Limited
-

- Fellow Subsidiaries

-

- Others

1,131
35.3
Key management personnel compensation#
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Short-term benefits
Total Compensation

Mr. Hisashi Takeuchi
Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku
Mr. Yukihiro Yamashita
-
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Mr. Shigetoshi Torii
-
Mr. Kazunari Yamaguchi
Mr. Arnab Roy
Mr. Ajay Seth
-
Mr. Sanjeev Grover
Mr. Kenichi Ayukawa
-
Others
Total Compensation

Contribution to Post Retirement Plans

Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Group Gratuity Fund
1,215
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited Employees' Group Gratuity Trust Fund
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Provident Fund Trust
1,606
1,311
Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Employees Superannuation Fund
3,168
2,340
#Does not include post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits based on actuarial valuation as these are done for the
Group as a whole.
36. LEASES
The Group as a Lessee
The Group s leases primarily consists of leases for land and buildings. Generally, the contracts are made for fixed periods and does
not have a purchase option at the end of the lease term. In a case where the Group has purchase option, the option is exercisable
at nominal value and the Group s obligations are secured by the lessor s title to the leased assets for such leases.
(i) Amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to the leases:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Land
5,186
5,342
Buildings
Total
5,960
6,129
Land
Buildings
Total
Gross Carrying amount
Balance at April 1, 2023
6,379
6,981
Additions
Disposal / adjustments
(250)
(246)
Balance at March 31, 2024
6,151
1,257
7,408
Additions
Disposal / adjustments
(270)
-
(270)
Balance at March 31, 2025
6,067
1,525
7,592
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
Balance at April 1, 2023
1,074
Land
Buildings
Total
Amortisation expenses
Disposal / adjustments
(13)
(4)
(17)
Balance at March 31, 2024
1,279
Amortisation expenses
Disposal / adjustments
(19)
-
(19)
Balance at March 31, 2025
1,632
Carrying amount
Balance at April 1, 2023
5,646
5,907
Additions

Disposal / adjustments
(237)
(229)
Amortisation expenses

(89)
(133)
(222)
Balance at March 31, 2024
5,342
6,129
Additions / transfer
Disposal / adjustments
(251)
-
(251)
Amortisation expenses
(91)
(281)
(372)
Balance at March 31, 2025

5,186
5,960
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Lease liabilities
Current
Non-Current
Total
Maturity analysis of lease liabilities (contractual undiscounted cash flows)
As at
As at
March 31, 2024
Within one year
Later than one year but less than five years

Later than five years
1,007
1,039
(ii) Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
The Statement of Profit and Loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:
As at
As at
March 31, 2024
Depreciation charge of Right-of use assets

Land
Buildings
Total
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance cost)
Expense relating to short term and low value leases (included in other expense)
The total cash outflow for leases (including short term and low value leases) for the year ended March 31, , 2025 were ` 807 million
(Previous Year ` 520 million).
(iii) Extension and termination option
Extension and termination options are included in various property and equipment leases executed by the Group. These are
used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in Group s operations. Generally, these options are
exercisable mutually by both the lessor and the lessee.
The Group as a Lessor
Leasing arrangements
The Group has entered into operating lease arrangements for various land and premises. These arrangements are cancellable in
nature and range between three to fifteen years. Lease rental income earned by the Group is set out in Note 23 as Rental income .
37. CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Estimated value of contracts on capital account, excluding capital advances, remaining to be executed
and not provided for*
104,826
114,858
*Including Outstanding commitments under Letters of Credit established by the Group
5,393
2,485
Outstanding commitments under Letters of Credit established by the Group (Other than for capital
purchases)
-
Export obligation against import of capital goods under Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG)
scheme (refer note 41)
36,049
21,297
The Group also has commitments, on account of contracts remaining to be executed which are entered into in the normal course
of business. The Group does not have any other long term contracts including derivative contracts for which there will be any
material foreseeable losses.
38. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
A) Claims against the Group disputed and not acknowledged as debts (refer note below):
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(i) Excise Duty

filed further appeals and notices / orders on the same issues for other periods
1,376
1,560

(b) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Group has filed appeals and
17,348
16,977

Total
18,724
18,537

1,777
(ii) Goods and Services Tax

(a) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Group has filed appeals and

Total

-
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(iii) Service Tax

filed further appeals and notices / orders on the same issues for other periods
2,430
1,888

(b) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Group has filed appeals and

2,642
2,946

Total

5,072
4,834

(iv) Income Tax

filed further appeals

5,665
10,506

(b) Cases pertaining to issues decided in favour of the Group for an earlier year but the Income
Tax Department has raised a demand for a similar issue for subsequent years and which are
pending before Appellate authorities / Dispute Resolution Panel pursuant to appeals filed by
the Group
88,436
83,201

(c) Other cases pending before Appellate authorities / Dispute Resolution Panel in appeals filed by
the Group
64,224
59,326

Total
158,325
153,033

7,454
6,651
(v) Custom Duty

(a) Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Group has filed appeals
4,533
4,579

(b) Others

Total

4,685
4,721

(vi) Sales Tax

Cases pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Group has filed appeals

-
(vii) Claims

Claims against the Group lodged by various parties

1,642
1,522

Others

6,016
5,498
(viii) Group s share in Associate s and Joint Venture s Contingent Liabilities

Group s share of joint ventures contingent liabilities (refer note below)

Group s share of associates contingent liabilities (refer note below)
Note: The amount disclosed represents the Group s share of contingent liabilities of joint ventures and associates based on
management accounts of respective associates and joint ventures.
(ix) In respect of disputed Local Area Development Tax (LADT) (upto April 15, 2008) / Entry Tax, the amounts under dispute are
` 21 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 21 million) for LADT and ` 20 million (as at March 31, 2024: ` 20 million) for Entry Tax.
The State Government of Haryana has repealed the LADT effective from April 16, 2008 and introduced the Haryana Tax on
Entry of Goods into Local Area Act, 2008 with effect from the same date. After implementation of Goods & Services Act in
2017, Entry Tax Act in Haryana was repealed.
(x)
The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) had passed an order dated August 25, 2014 stating that the Company
has violated certain sections of the Competition Act, 2002 for not making diagnostic tools and genuine spare parts
freely available in the open market and has imposed a penalty of ` 4,712 million. The Delhi High Court, on May 16,
2019, disposed off the Company s petition stating that the Company had alternative remedies available. Thereafter, the
Company filed a Special Leave Petition before the Supreme Court of India, wherein an interim stay on CCI s order was
granted on July 1, 2019 and the stay is continuing.
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) had initiated suo-moto proceedings in the month of February 2019 alleging
that the Company has violated certain sections of the Competition Act, 2002 relating to resale price maintenance. The
Company filed its response to the Director General s investigation report against the Company before CCI on 9th April
2021 and placed its final arguments during the virtual hearing on April 15, 2021. The Company has received the order
from CCI dated August 23, 2021, whereby the Commission has arrived at a decision against the Company and a penalty
of ` 2,000 million was imposed on the Company for imposing a discount control policy. The Company is of the view
that CCI has failed to consider voluminous evidence that IT has submitted in its defence. The Company has been legally
advised that there are fair and reasonable grounds to contest the case. The Company has filed an appeal before the
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal ( NCLAT ) to vigorously defend its position against CCI order. The NCLAT
has stayed the operation of CCI order including the cease and desist direction and penalty subject to the Company
depositing 10% of the penalty imposed i.e. ` 200 million. The Company had deposited ` 200 million and is contesting
the case.

Note: The amounts shown in item (A) represent the best possible estimates arrived at on the basis of available
information. The uncertainties and possible reimbursements are dependent on the outcome of the different legal
processes which have been invoked by the Group or the claimants as the case may be and therefore cannot be
predicted accurately or relate to a present obligations that arise from past events where IT is either not probable that
an outflow of resources will be required to settle or a reliable estimate cannot be made. The Group engages reputed
professional advisors to protect its interests and has been advised that IT has strong legal positions against such
disputes.
B)
The Hon ble Supreme Court in a ruling, had passed a judgment on the definition and scope of Basic Wages under the
Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provision Act, 1952. Pending issuance of guidelines by the regulatory
authorities on the application of this ruling, the impact on the Group for the previous periods, if any, cannot be ascertained.
Currently, the Group has started providing for the revised liability w.e.f from April 1,, 2019.
C)
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has notified the Environment Protection (End-of-Life Vehicles)
Rules, 2025 ( ELV Rules ) on January 6, 2025, which come into effect from April 1, 2025. In accordance with ELV rules,
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) obligations are imposed on producers ( vehicle manufacturers ) for the scrapping
of End-of-Life Vehicles. As per the ELV rules, such obligations are to be fulfilled through the purchase of EPR certificates
from registered Vehicle Scrapping Facilities via a Centralised Online Portal, which is yet to be developed and made
operational. In the absence of this portal, the registration of producers and vendors, pricing mechanism for EPR certificates,
and measurement framework for determining obligations are not yet available.

Consequently, the Company is currently unable to reliably estimate a range of possible outcomes and the impact will be
evaluated once the implementation framework for determining the reliable estimate is established.
39 Subject to legal and regulatory compliances including minority shareholders approval, the Board of Directors at its meeting
held on July 31, 2023 had approved termination of the contract manufacturing agreement (CMA) with Suzuki Motor Gujarat
Private Limited (SMG) and exercised the option to acquire 100% equity shares of SMG from Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC)
and at its meeting held on October 17, 2023 had approved execution of a Share Purchase and Subscription Agreement
( SPSA ) to acquire 100% equity capital of SMG owned by SMC. Based on the terms of SPSA, the Company had discharged
the consideration for such purchase of 100% of the SMG s equity shares by way of issue and allotment of the Company s
equity shares to SMC on a preferential basis for consideration other than cash.

Pursuant to the shareholders approval obtained through postal ballot for issue of equity shares to SMC on preferential
basis, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on November 24, 2023 allotted 12,322,514 equity shares of the Company
having face value of ` 5 each to SMC, at a price of ` 10,420.85 per equity share at a total consideration of ` 128,411 million
(Equity share capital of ` 62 million and Securities premium of ` 128,349 million) on a preferential basis for consideration
other than cash, for the purchase of 100% of 12,841,107,500 equity shares of SMG owned by SMC at share exchange ratio
of 1:1042.085.

Pursuant to such purchase of 100% equity shares from SMC, SMG, engaged in manufacturing and sale of motor vehicles,
components and spare parts became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Being a common control acquisition, the
accounting had been done as per Appendix C to Ind AS 103 Business Combination as per the pooling of interest method
wherein assets and liabilities of SMG were reflected at the carrying amounts and no adjustments were made to reflect fair
values or recognise any new assets or liabilities. Further, the financial information of the financial year ended March 31, 2022
had been restated as if the business combination had occurred from April 1, 2022.

Details including in respect of total purchase consideration and net assets acquired of SMG are as given below:
(` in million)
Particulars
Amount
Total purchase consideration (A)
128,411
Equity Share capital of Suzuki Motors Gujarat Private Limited as on April 1, 2022 (B)*
127,300
Net effect on Capital Reserve and Amalgamation Reserve (A)-(B)
1,111
Capital reserves^
Reserve created on amalgamation^
1,109
^Resulted in Capital reserves and Reserve created on amalgamation amounting to Nil and ` 8,044 million respectively.
*Consideration in respect of net assets and other equity acquired from SMG
(` in million)
Particulars
Amount
Total assets acquired
172,097
Less: Total liabilities acquired
44,525
Net assets acquired

127,572
Less: Other equity of SMG
Total
127,300
Pursuant to such purchase of 100% equity shares from SMC, SMG, engaged in manufacturing and sale of motor vehicles,
components and spare parts became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Based on the terms of SPSA, SMG will
continue to manufacture vehicles and parts and supply them to the Company on a no-profit no-loss basis till March 31, 2024 or
any other date agreed between the Company and SMG. The Company and SMG mutually agreed to continue the arrangement till
March 31, 2026 or such later date as the Company and SMG may decide by mutual agreement.
Further, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on January 29, 2025 had approved the Scheme of Amalgamation ( Scheme )
between the Company, Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and their respective
shareholders and creditors as per the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( Act ) and rules framed thereunder.
The First Motion application of the Scheme was filed on March 7, 2025 with the National Company Law Tribunal, New Delhi. The
Scheme is subject to the applicable statutory/ regulatory approvals as on the date of these consolidated financial statements.
40. STATE SUPPORT AGREEMENT BETWEEN GOVERNMENT OF GUJARAT AND MARUTI SUZUKI

A State Support Agreement was executed between Government of Gujarat and Maruti Suzuki India Limited which was
subsequently assigned to the Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited ( subsidiary company ) along with consent by the
Government of Gujarat. The subsidiary company is eligible to receive sales tax / goods and services tax benefit in accordance
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
with the provisions of the State Support Agreement, on satisfaction of certain conditions. Based on assessment performed
that the subsidiary shall satisfy all the conditions, ` 4,062 million (March 31, 2024 : ` 4,154 million) has been accrued during
the year as per Ind AS 20 - Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. Accordingly,
Fiscal incentive receivable balance as on March 31, 2025 is ` 3,549 million (March 31, 2024 : ` 5,472 million).
41. EXPORT PROMOTION CAPITAL GOODS (EPCG)

Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme allows import of capital goods including spares for pre-production,
production and post production at zero customs duty subject to an export obligation of upto 6 times of customs duty saved
on capital goods imported under EPCG scheme, to be fulfilled in 6 years reckoned from authorisation issue date.

The Group has been availing the benefit and have been importing capital goods under the scheme at zero customs duty.
The Group has accounted for the benefits received in accordance with Ind AS 20 - Accounting for Government Grants and
Disclosure of Government Assistance. Accordingly, the Group has accounted for EPCG income amounting to ` 227 million
(March 31, 2024 : ` 769 million). Deferred government grant balance as on March 31, 2025 is ` 1,924 million (March 31, 2024
: ` 1,099 million).

The benefit (savings of customs duty equivalent to non-cenvatable portion) obtained from the Government has been treated
as a Government grant, which has been accounted for as deferred benefit under other current liabilities in note 19 and
recognised as a cost of property, plant and equipment. As per the EPCG scheme, the Group has an export obligation
equivalent to 6 times of total duty saved (refer note 37). The deferred benefit accounted for, shall be credited to the Statement
of Profit and Loss on a pro-rata basis as and when the export obligation is fulfilled.
42 As per the requirements of proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2024, accounting software used by the
Company should have a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction. The Company s IT environment is
adequately governed with General information technology controls (GITCs) for financial reporting process and the Group
has assessed all of its IT applications that are relevant for maintaining books of account.

The Parent Company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the year ended March 31,
2025. However, the audit trail (edit log) feature was not enabled during the year, as the Parent Company is in the process of
migrating to another accounting software in the near future.

A subsidiary company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the period April 1, 2024 to
December 31, 2024 and the audit (edit log) feature was not enabled throughout the period. Further, this subsidiary company
has migrated its accounting software w.e.f. January 1, 2025, for maintaining its books of account wherein, audit trial (edit
log) feature for capturing audit logs for transactions processed through transaction codes (user interface) was enabled and
which operated throughout the period upto March 31, 2025 for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. However,
in this accounting software, the audit trail feature was not enabled for changes to certain tables made by users with privilege
access at application level and audit trial (edit log) feature is not enabled at database level.

The Parent Company and a subsidiary company have also used various related accounting software wherein, audit trail
feature was enabled and which operated at database level during the month of March 2025 for certain tables. These related
accounting software did not have the feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility at application level. The Parent Company
and a subsidiary company have not noted any tampering of the audit trail feature in respect of the various related accounting
software for which the audit trail feature was operating. In respect of third-party accounting software used by the Parent
Company for maintaining and processing certain transactions, the independent auditor s report does not cover whether the
audit trail was enabled or not, as per the requirements of the proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.

In respect of third-party accounting software used by the Parent Company for maintaining and processing certain transactions,
the independent auditor s report does not cover whether the audit trail was enabled or not, as per the requirements of the
proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
43. ADDITIONAL NOTES

The Group had not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related
parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person, that are repayable on
demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.

The Group was not holding any benami property and no proceedings were initiated or pending against the Group
for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made
thereunder.

The Group had not been declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender (as defined under
the Companies Act, 2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the
Reserve Bank of India.

The Group did not have any transactions with struck off companies under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or
section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.

The Group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during year ended March 31, 2025.

The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources
or kind of funds) any funds to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Intermediaries ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly lend or invest
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Group ( Ultimate Beneficiaries )
or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

The Group has not received any funds from any persons or entities, including foreign entities ( Funding Parties ),
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Group shall, directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ( Ultimate
Beneficiaries ) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

The Group did not have any transaction which had not been recorded in the books of account that had been surrendered
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).

The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with the
Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
43.1. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
As at
March 31, 2024
Cash flows
As at
March 31, 2025
New leases
Others*
Borrowings
Current borrowings
(331)
-
Lease liabilities

(75)
(284)

(178)
-
Total
1,186
(584)
268 -
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2023
Cash flows
As at
March 31, 2024
New leases
Others*
Borrowings
Current borrowings
12,158
(11,827)
-
Lease liabilities

(68)
(178)

(66)
-
Total
12,474
(11,961)
-
1,186
*Effect of transfer of non-current portion of lease liabilities to current lease liabilities for future lease payments.
44 The figures of previous year have been re-grouped, wherever necessary, to conform to the current year classification.
45 The Consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on April 25, 2025.
Hisashi Takeuchi
Kenichiro Toyofuku
Arnab Roy
Sanjeev Grover
Managing Director and CEO
Director (Sustainability)
Chief Financial Officer
Executive officer and Company Secretary
DIN: 07806180
DIN: 08619076

ICSI Membership No: F3788
Place: New Delhi
Date: April 25, 2025
AOC-1
PART A - Subsdiaries
Sl. No.
Name of the Subsidiary
J. J Impex (Delhi)
(formerly JJ Impex
(Delhi) Private
Limited)
True Value
Solutions
Suzuki Motor
Gujarat Private
The date since when Subsidiary was acquired
20-Apr-12
14-Jan-02
24-Nov-23
Reporting Period for the Subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding
company's reporting period
NA
NA
NA
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant
Financial Year in the case of foreign subsidairies
NA
NA
NA
Share Capital (in Millions)
1,28,411
Reserves & Surplus (in Millions)
3,856
Total Assets (in Millions)
1,93,218
Total Liabilities (in Millions)
60,951
10. Investments (in Millions)
-
27,772
11. Turnover (in Millions)
-
4,09,815
12 Profit before taxation (in Millions)
(0)
2,327
13 Provision for taxation (in Millions)
-
(1,128)
14 Profit after taxation (in Millions)
(0)
3,455
15. Proposed Dividend
-
16 % of shareholding
100%
Note
No subsidiaries are yet to commence operations.
PART B - Associates and Joint Ventures

I. Associates
Name of Associates/
Joint Ventures
Hanon Climate
Systems India
SKH Metals
Jay Bharat
Maruti
Caparo
Maruti
Machino
Plastics
Bharat Seats
Krishna
Maruti
Audited Networth
2,964
2,057
5,592
1,068
1,946
13,825
Latest Audited Balance
Sheet Date
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-25
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-25
31-Mar-25
31-Mar-24
Date on which the
Associate /Joint Venture
was associated or
21-Oct-92
07-Nov-86
30-Nov-88
01-Mar-95
15-Mar-89
17-Oct-88
30-Jul-93
Shares of Associate/
Joint Ventures held by
the company on the
5,18,700
26,45,000
3,17,00,000
25,00,000
9,41,700
93,00,000
6,70,000
Amount of Investment
in Associates/Joint
Venture (in Millions)
Extent of Holding %
39.00%
37.03%
29.28%
25.00%
15.35%
14.81%
15.79%
Description of how
there is significant
influence
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Name of Associates/
Joint Ventures
Hanon Climate
Systems India
SKH Metals
Jay Bharat
Maruti
Caparo
Maruti
Machino
Plastics
Bharat Seats
Krishna
Maruti
Reason why the
associate/joint venture
is not consolidated
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Networth attributable
to shareholding as per
latest audited Balance
sheet (in Millions)
1,156
1,637
2,183
i. Considered in
Consolidation (in
Millions)
-
ii. Not Considered in
Consolidation
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Name of Associates/
Joint Ventures
Nippon
Thermostat
(India) Limited
Mark Exhaust
Systems
Bellsonica
Auto
Component
FMI
Automotive
Components
Private
Manesar
Steel
Processing
Maruti Suzuki
Insurance
Broking
Private
Bahucharaji
Rail
Corporation
Audited Networth
1,279
1,545
2,157
22,261
84,706
Latest Audited Balance
Sheet Date
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-25
31-Mar-24
Date on which the
Associate /Joint Venture
was associated or
20-Jun-95
09-Feb-01
21-Aug-06
01-Nov-07
23-Sep-10
24-Nov-10
13-Dec-18
Shares of Associate/
Joint Ventures held by
the company on the
1,25,000
44,37,465
83,40,000
4,41,00,000
68,40,000
7,51,643
25,38,17,200
Amount of Investment
in Associates/Joint
Venture (in Millions)
2,538
Extent of Holding %
10.00%
44.37%
30.00%
49.00%
11.83%
46.26%
28.87%
Description of how
there is significant
influence
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Power to
Reason why the
associate/joint venture
is not consolidated
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Networth attributable
to shareholding as per
latest audited Balance
sheet (in Millions)
1,057
8,864
24,455
i. Considered in
Consolidation (in
Millions)
(20)
1,401
(104)
ii. Not Considered in
Consolidation
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
AOC-1

Joint Ventures
No. Name of Associates/Joint Ventures
Plastic Omnium
Auto Inergy
Manufacturing India
Marelli Powertrain
Maruti Suzuki
Toyotsu India
Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
31-Mar-24
Date on which the Associate /Joint Venture was associated or
07-May-10
09-Feb-01
22-Oct-19
Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the
66,56,000
85,50,000
2,20,50,000
Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture (in Millions)
Extent of Holding %
26.00%
19.00%
50.00%
Description of how there is significant influence
Power to participate
in the financial and/
or operating policy
Power to
Power to
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
NA
NA
NA
Networth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited
Balance sheet (in Millions)
a) Share Capital (in Millions)
b) Reserves & Surplus (in Millions)
(72)
Considered in Consolidation (in Millions)
(29)
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
NA
NA
NA

Note

No associates or joint ventures are yet to commence operations.

The Profit after tax of all JV/Associates except Maruti Insurance Broking Private Limited, Machino Plastics Limited, Jay
Bharat Maruti Limited, Bharat Seats Limited have been taken on the basis of unaudited financial statements for financial
year ended 31st March 2024.
AOC-1
Value Creation Approach
Statutory Reports
ESG Performance
Financial Statements
Company Overview
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

CIN: L34103DL1981PLC011375
Registered Office
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj,
New Delhi - 110 070
Ph. No.: +91 11 4678 1000
Fax No.: +91 11 4615 0275
www.marutisuzuki.com
Registrar and Transfer Agent
Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,
Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India - 500032
Toll Free: 1800-309-4001
E-Mail Id: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: https://ris.kfintech.com
2025. Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Maruti Suzuki India Limited | Annual Integrated Report 2024-25

Investor Relations
www.marutisuzuki.com